I didn't recognize anyone there.
I didn't recognize her.
I didn't recognize him at first on the train.
I didn't recognize him at first.
I didn't recognize him.
I didn't recognize it at all.
I didn't recognize it at first.
I didn't recognize it.
I didn't recognize my ex-wife.
I didn't recognize that guy.
I didn't recognize that woman.
I didn't recognize the book Gabor was reading.
I didn't recognize the person across the table from me.
I didn't recognize the person sitting across the table from me.
I didn't recognize the song Tom was singing.
I didn't recognize the tune.
I didn't recognize those people.
I didn't recognize what it was.
I didn't recognize you at first.
I didn't recognize you from last night.
I didn't recognize you without a beard.
I didn't recognize you.
I didn't recognize you. You've changed a lot.
I didn't recognize your voice.
I didn't register.
I didn't reject you.
I didn't remember Tom as being that tall.
I didn't remember Tom being so tall.
I didn't remember Tom.
I didn't remember a chair being there, so I bumped into it in the dark.
I didn't remember about calling you.
I didn't remember anything.
I didn't remember exactly what Tom had said.
I didn't remember hearing he was Israeli.
I didn't remember her face.
I didn't remember her.
I didn't remember him.
I didn't remember his name until afterward.
I didn't remember his name.
I didn't remember how to get back to the hotel.
I didn't remember that person.
I didn't remember this!
I didn't remember to buy carrots.
I didn't remember to do that.
I didn't remember to send Tom a birthday card.
I didn't remember what I was supposed to do.
I didn't reply at once.
I didn't reply to Tom's email message.
I didn't reply.
I didn't report any of that.
I didn't report the accident.
I didn't request this.
I didn't request you to do that.
I didn't request your advice.
I didn't rescue anybody.
I didn't resist arrest.
I didn't resist the pressure they forced on me.
I didn't respect him.
I didn't respond to Tom's last letter.
I didn't respond to Tom's text right away.
I didn't return the greeting.
I didn't ride my bicycle today.
I didn't rip you off.
I didn't rob any bank.
I didn't ruin my clothing.
I didn't run Tom over.
I didn't run away from home.
I didn't run away.
I didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
I didn't run to the village.
I didn't run.
I didn't rush to the village.
I didn't save anyone either.
I didn't save money.
I didn't save the document.
I didn't save the file.
I didn't say I agreed.
I didn't say I believed Tom.
I didn't say I believed it.
I didn't say I couldn't find it.
I didn't say I did that.
I didn't say I didn't want you here.
I didn't say I knew French.
I didn't say I knew how to speak French.
I didn't say I knew how to speak Lower Sorbian.
I didn't say I liked Tom.
I didn't say I liked doing that.
I didn't say I liked her.
I didn't say I liked him.
I didn't say I liked it.
I didn't say I liked them.
I didn't say I persuaded Tom.
I didn't say I persuaded her.
I didn't say I persuaded him.
I didn't say I persuaded them.
I didn't say I used to live in Australia.
I didn't say I used to live in Boston.
I didn't say I wanted this.
I didn't say I wanted to do that.
I didn't say I was completely satisfied.
I didn't say I was from Australia.
I didn't say I was from Boston.
I didn't say I was giving up.
I didn't say I was going to Australia.
I didn't say I was going to Boston.
I didn't say I was going to. I just wanted to.
I didn't say I was going.
I didn't say I was in love with Tom.
I didn't say I was in love with her.
I didn't say I was in love with him.
I didn't say I was leaving.
I didn't say I was scared.
I didn't say I wasn't free.
I didn't say I wasn't going.
I didn't say I worked out.
I didn't say I would do that.
I didn't say I would help you.
I didn't say I'd do that, did I?
I didn't say I'd do that.
I didn't say I'd forgotten.
I didn't say I'd help Tom.
I didn't say I'd help you.
I didn't say Tom and Mary were involved.
I didn't say Tom and Mary were smart.
I didn't say Tom and Mary weren't involved.
I didn't say Tom and Mary weren't smart.
I didn't say Tom could go.
I didn't say Tom was involved.
I didn't say Tom was smart.
I didn't say Tom was to blame.
I didn't say Tom wasn't involved.
I didn't say Tom wasn't smart.
I didn't say a single word.
I didn't say a thing.
I didn't say a word during the dinner. We kept quiet for almost an hour.
I didn't say a word for fear I should annoy him.
I didn't say a word to him.
I didn't say a word.
I didn't say anything about that.
I didn't say anything about the accident to Tom.
I didn't say anything about the party.
I didn't say anything at all about our plan.
I didn't say anything at the meeting.
I didn't say anything because I didn't know what to say.
I didn't say anything else to Tom.
I didn't say anything else.
I didn't say anything to Fadil.
I didn't say anything to Tom.
I didn't say anything to anybody.
I didn't say anything to anyone.
I didn't say anything to her.
I didn't say anything to him.
I didn't say anything to hurt his feelings.
I didn't say anything to them.
I didn't say anything wrong.
I didn't say anything – I just thought out loud.
I didn't say anything, not a word.
I didn't say anything.
I didn't say everything.
I didn't say goodbye to Tom.
I didn't say goodbye to my mom.
I didn't say he had taken it; I just said I had seen him in the kitchen.
I didn't say hello.
I didn't say it happened here.
I didn't say it like that.
I didn't say it made sense.
I didn't say it on purpose.
I didn't say it was easy.
I didn't say it was going to be easy.
I didn't say it wasn't OK to eat.
I didn't say it would be easy.
I didn't say it.
I didn't say much.
I didn't say my last word!
I didn't say such a thing of my own will.
I didn't say that I knew French.
I didn't say that I knew how to speak French.
I didn't say that I liked doing that.
I didn't say that I used to live in Australia.
I didn't say that I wanted your opinion.
I didn't say that I was from Australia.
I didn't say that I was going to Australia.
I didn't say that Tom and Mary weren't smart.
I didn't say that either.
I didn't say that it was going to be easy.
I didn't say that right.
I didn't say that this was heaven.
I didn't say that to my father.
I didn't say that you can't express your opinion.
I didn't say that you were lying.
I didn't say that you were stupid.
I didn't say that.
I didn't say that. That's your interpretation.
I didn't say they deserve it.
I didn't say they must suppress it.
I didn't say this was heaven.
I didn't say this was my office.
I didn't say this!
I didn't say this.
I didn't say we couldn't figure it out.
I didn't say what you think I said.
I didn't say where I wanted to go.
I didn't say which country.
I didn't say with me.
I didn't say yes.
I didn't say you could go.
I didn't say you could leave.
I didn't say you could use my phone.
I didn't say you did that.
I didn't say you took it.
I didn't say you were crazy.
I didn't say you were going to enjoy it.
I didn't say you were here.
I didn't say you were lying.
I didn't say you were stupid.
I didn't say your answers were always wrong.
I didn't say, that you could give your opinion.
I didn't scream.
I didn't see Gustavo in the movie theater.
I didn't see Stefan.
I didn't see Tom again after that.
I didn't see Tom again till I got back to Boston.
I didn't see Tom again.
I didn't see Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't see Tom and Mary doing that.
I didn't see Tom and Mary kissing.
I didn't see Tom anywhere.
I didn't see Tom arrive.
I didn't see Tom at Mary's party.
I didn't see Tom at all yesterday.
I didn't see Tom at school today.
I didn't see Tom at the airport.
I didn't see Tom come in.
I didn't see Tom coming.
I didn't see Tom do it.
I didn't see Tom do that.
I didn't see Tom doing that.
I didn't see Tom fall.
I didn't see Tom helping anyone.
I didn't see Tom in the park.
I didn't see Tom last night.
I didn't see Tom leave this morning.
I didn't see Tom leave.
I didn't see Tom on Monday.
I didn't see Tom or Mary.
I didn't see Tom standing there.
I didn't see Tom talking to Mary.
I didn't see Tom talking with Mary.
I didn't see Tom there.
I didn't see Tom today, but I saw him yesterday.
I didn't see Tom today.
I didn't see Tom win.
I didn't see Tom with Mary.
I didn't see Tom yesterday.
I didn't see Tom's face.
I didn't see Tom, but I saw Mary.
I didn't see Tom.
I didn't see a cat.
I didn't see a doctor last year.
I didn't see a ghost.
I didn't see a single bear in Germany.
I didn't see a single person in the park.
I didn't see a single person.
I didn't see a soul.
I didn't see a thing.
I didn't see any bears in Germany.
I didn't see any big animals in the area.
I didn't see any bullet holes in the wall.
I didn't see any children in the park today.
I didn't see any children in the park.
I didn't see any children playing on the swings.
I didn't see any children.
I didn't see any cops.
I didn't see any dogs in the park this afternoon.
I didn't see any dogs in the park today.
I didn't see any dogs in the park.
I didn't see any familiar faces at the party.
I didn't see any footprints on the beach.
I didn't see any girls in the group.
I didn't see any other option.
I didn't see any police officers.
I didn't see any policemen.
I didn't see any reason to bother you.
I didn't see any reason to tell you.
I didn't see any students on campus today.
I didn't see any tigers.
I didn't see anybody I recognized.
I didn't see anybody else in the cemetery that day.
I didn't see anybody else.
I didn't see anybody following us.
I didn't see anybody go inside.
I didn't see anybody in the park.
I didn't see anybody on my way here.
I didn't see anybody on my way home.
I didn't see anybody on the street.
I didn't see anybody that I recognized.
I didn't see anybody there.
I didn't see anybody.
I didn't see anyone I recognized.
I didn't see anyone at the party that I knew.
I didn't see anyone catch any fish.
I didn't see anyone eating.
I didn't see anyone else in the park.
I didn't see anyone else waiting in front of the station.
I didn't see anyone else.
I didn't see anyone go inside.
I didn't see anyone in the park except Tom.
I didn't see anyone in the park.
I didn't see anyone in the room but Tom.
I didn't see anyone in the woods.
I didn't see anyone on my way here.
I didn't see anyone on my way home.
I didn't see anyone on the street.
I didn't see anyone skating.
I didn't see anyone studying.
I didn't see anyone that I recognized.
I didn't see anyone there.
I didn't see anyone this morning.
I didn't see anyone using it.
I didn't see anyone wearing a hat.
I didn't see anyone writing.
I didn't see anyone.
I didn't see anything at all.
I didn't see anything at first.
I didn't see anything bad happen.
I didn't see anything else.
I didn't see anything moving.
I didn't see anything new.
I didn't see anything or hear anything.
I didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
I didn't see anything strange.
I didn't see anything suspicious.
I didn't see anything unusual.
I didn't see anything, and I didn't hear anything.
I didn't see anything, anyway.
I didn't see anything, either.
I didn't see anything.
I didn't see either Tom or Mary.
I didn't see either boy.
I didn't see exactly what happened.
I didn't see exactly what was going on.
I didn't see her again.
I didn't see her arrive.
I didn't see her come in.
I didn't see her come.
I didn't see her do that.
I didn't see her today.
I didn't see her.
I didn't see him again after that.
I didn't see him again.
I didn't see him anymore.
I didn't see him come in.
I didn't see him do that.
I didn't see him fall.
I didn't see him or her.
I didn't see him today.
I didn't see him, but I saw you.
I didn't see him.
I didn't see him. I saw just a smouldering cigarette that he had left before.
I didn't see it and I didn't hear it.
I didn't see it coming.
I didn't see it happen.
I didn't see it that way.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see much of anybody.
I didn't see much.
I didn't see one pride flag in Jerusalem.
I didn't see or hear anything.
I didn't see others.
I didn't see students on campus today.
I didn't see that coming.
I didn't see that happen.
I didn't see that one coming!
I didn't see that one coming.
I didn't see that.
I didn't see the accident.
I didn't see the ball.
I didn't see the cops.
I didn't see the dog that attacked Tom.
I didn't see the end of the movie.
I didn't see the explosion. I just felt it.
I didn't see the fire hydrant.
I didn't see the light change.
I didn't see the mailman.
I didn't see the need for it.
I didn't see the point of living anymore.
I didn't see the policemen.
I didn't see the sign.
I didn't see the stop sign.
I didn't see the truck coming.
I didn't see the weather forecast.
I didn't see the whole thing.
I didn't see their faces.
I didn't see them again.
I didn't see them do that.
I didn't see them today.
I didn't see them.
I didn't see this coming.
I didn't see what Tom said he saw.
I didn't see what caused the sound.
I didn't see what happened to Tom.
I didn't see what happened.
I didn't see what was going on.
I didn't see what was in the box.
I didn't see where the ball went after it hit the tree.
I didn't see where you put your car keys.
I didn't see who came.
I didn't see who shot me.
I didn't see who took the book.
I didn't see who was driving.
I didn't see you and Tom.
I didn't see you at Tom's party last night.
I didn't see you at church this morning.
I didn't see you at my cocktail party last weekend.
I didn't see you at the party the other night.
I didn't see you come in.
I didn't see you coming.
I didn't see you drunk.
I didn't see you fall.
I didn't see you here yesterday. Where were you?
I didn't see you in study hall.
I didn't see you standing there.
I didn't see you there.
I didn't see you until now.
I didn't see you yesterday.
I didn't see you.
I didn't see your car outside.
I didn't see your father.
I didn't see your text until just now.
I didn't see your text.
I didn't see.
I didn't sell Tom my car.
I didn't sell Tom those.
I didn't sell anything today.
I didn't sell the backpack.
I didn't send Tom any letters last year.
I didn't send Tom any wine.
I didn't send Tom anywhere.
I didn't send an email to Tom today.
I didn't send an email to anyone today.
I didn't send any Christmas cards this year.
I didn't send any pictures to Tom.
I didn't send for Tom.
I didn't send for her.
I didn't send for him.
I didn't send for them.
I didn't send her anywhere.
I didn't send him anywhere.
I didn't send them anywhere.
I didn't seriously think what I said.
I didn't set you up.
I didn't sharpen Tom's pencils even though he'd asked me to.
I didn't shoot Tom.
I didn't shoot anybody.
I didn't shoot anyone.
I didn't shoot anything.
I didn't shoot to kill.
I didn't shout at Tom.
I didn't show Mary the pictures she wanted to see.
I didn't show Tom and Mary the pictures they wanted to see.
I didn't show Tom anything.
I didn't show Tom how to do that.
I didn't show Tom that picture.
I didn't show Tom the letter.
I didn't show Tom the pictures he wanted to see.
I didn't show anybody those pictures.
I didn't show anyone those pictures.
I didn't show it to Tom.
I didn't show it to anyone.
I didn't show that picture to Tom.
I didn't show the letter to Tom.
I didn't show them anything.
I didn't show those pictures to anybody.
I didn't show those pictures to anyone.
I didn't show up for the appointment and I also did not call.
I didn't shower.
I didn't sign anything like this.
I didn't sign anything.
I didn't sign that document.
I didn't sign that.
I didn't sign the agreement.
I didn't sign the confession they were trying to force me to sign.
I didn't sign the contract.
I didn't sign up for this.
I didn't sing anything.
I didn't sing them a lullaby.
I didn't sing.
I didn't sink into the mud too far.
I didn't sit around waiting for Tom.
I didn't sit by Tom.
I didn't sit in the front.
I didn't sleep a wink all night.
I didn't sleep a wink because of Tom's snoring.
I didn't sleep a wink because of your snoring.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
I didn't sleep a wink that night.
I didn't sleep a wink.
I didn't sleep all night.
I didn't sleep at all last night.
I didn't sleep at all that night.
I didn't sleep at all.
I didn't sleep at home last night.
I didn't sleep at home.
I didn't sleep enough.
I didn't sleep last night.
I didn't sleep long enough.
I didn't sleep much last night.
I didn't sleep much that night.
I didn't sleep much yesterday, so it was inevitable that I was sleepy all day today.
I didn't sleep much.
I didn't sleep on the airplane.
I didn't sleep on the plane.
I didn't sleep on the train, though.
I didn't sleep so much.
I didn't sleep the whole night.
I didn't sleep very well last night.
I didn't sleep well at all tonight.
I didn't sleep well at all.
I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.
I didn't sleep well last night, so I don't have much energy today.
I didn't sleep well last night.
I didn't sleep well that night.
I didn't sleep well the night before last, but I slept well last night.
I didn't sleep well yesterday.
I didn't sleep well.
I didn't sleep with her.
I didn't sleep.
I didn't smile.
I didn't smoke earlier.
I didn't smoke pot when I was in Spain.
I didn't smoke that much.
I didn't sneak out.
I didn't sneak up on Tom.
I didn't sneak up on her.
I didn't sneak up on him.
I didn't sneak up on them.
I didn't sow wheat in the land.
I didn't speak Berber at all.
I didn't speak Berber.
I didn't speak French at all at that time.
I didn't speak French the first time that you met me.
I didn't speak French the first time you met me.
I didn't speak French well enough for the job.
I didn't speak French well enough to get the job.
I didn't speak French.
I didn't speak any Berber at the time.
I didn't speak at all during the meeting.
I didn't speak for long.
I didn't speak to Tom at all yesterday.
I didn't speak to Tom for months.
I didn't speak to Tom.
I didn't speak to everyone.
I didn't speak with Tom directly.
I didn't speak with Tom.
I didn't speak with anybody today.
I didn't speak with anyone today.
I didn't speak with her.
I didn't speak with him.
I didn't speak with them.
I didn't speak.
I didn't specify exactly what I wanted.
I didn't spend a lot.
I didn't spend a penny.
I didn't spend all day with Tom.
I didn't spend anything.
I didn't spend as much time doing that as I should've.
I didn't spend as much time studying as I should have.
I didn't spend as much time studying as I should've.
I didn't spend much time doing that.
I didn't spend much time in Algeria.
I didn't spend much time in Boston.
I didn't spend much time in Kabylie.
I didn't spend the night at home.
I didn't spend very much.
I didn't spit on your shoes.
I didn't stand a chance of getting that job.
I didn't stand a chance of winning.
I didn't stand a chance.
I didn't stand there long.
I didn't start all this.
I didn't start drinking till I was 22.
I didn't start out thinking I'd go into show business.
I didn't start out trying to do this.
I didn't start playing the banjo until I was thirty.
I didn't start playing the mandolin until 2013.
I didn't start playing the recorder until last year.
I didn't start studying French until I was thirteen years old.
I didn't start studying French until I was thirteen.
I didn't start this.
I didn't start to go bald until I turned thirty.
I didn't start to play the flute until I was thirty.
I didn't start to study French until I was thirty.
I didn't start to write songs until I was thirty.
I didn't start wearing glasses until I was thirty.
I didn't stay as long as I thought I would.
I didn't stay at home.
I didn't stay for long.
I didn't stay home because it was raining.
I didn't stay in Australia as long as Tom did.
I didn't stay in Australia as long as Tom.
I didn't stay in Australia for very long.
I didn't stay in Australia very long.
I didn't stay in Boston for very long.
I didn't stay in Boston very long.
I didn't stay long.
I didn't stay there for long.
I didn't stay there long.
I didn't stay there very long.
I didn't stay to watch.
I didn't stay until the end of the concert.
I didn't stay until the end of the movie.
I didn't stay until the end of the party.
I didn't stay up to see the end of the movie.
I didn't stay with Tom in Australia.
I didn't stay with Tom in Boston.
I didn't steal Tom's wallet. You can check my pockets.
I didn't steal anything from Tom.
I didn't steal anything from them.
I didn't steal anything from you.
I didn't steal anything.
I didn't steal it from him.
I didn't steal it from them.
I didn't steal it, I just borrowed it.
I didn't steal it.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it permanently.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it.
I didn't steal it. I only borrowed it.
I didn't steal it. You can check my pockets.
I didn't steal that bicycle.
I didn't steal that bicycle. Honest.
I didn't steal the book. I swear.
I didn't steal the money.
I didn't steal your wallet.
I didn't step on the gravel.
I didn't stick around to see what would happen.
I didn't stick around to see who won.
I didn't stick around.
I didn't stop Tom.
I didn't stop anywhere on my way home.
I didn't stop anywhere on the way home.
I didn't stop by your house because I didn't have time.
I didn't stop him from speaking.
I didn't stop pedaling.
I didn't stop running until I was halfway down the street.
I didn't stop the car in time.
I didn't stop them from speaking.
I didn't stop you from going out.
I didn't stop you from speaking.
I didn't stop.
I didn't strangle Tom.
I didn't strangle her.
I didn't strangle him.
I didn't study Berber formerly.
I didn't study at all last night.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
I didn't study at all.
I didn't study either of the languages.
I didn't study enough for the test.
I didn't study enough.
I didn't study for my math test.
I didn't study for the test.
I didn't study it in detail.
I didn't study math at all.
I didn't study yesterday.
I didn't study, but I passed the test anyway.
I didn't study.
I didn't succeed.
I didn't support that decision.
I didn't suspect a thing.
I didn't suspect anything.
I didn't suspect that you existed.
I didn't swear to make them pay.
I didn't swear to take revenge on her.
I didn't swear to take revenge on him.
I didn't swim because it was too cold.
I didn't swim in the pool.
I didn't swim yesterday.
I didn't swim.
I didn't take Tom for a superhero.
I didn't take Tom seriously.
I didn't take Tom too seriously.
I didn't take Tom's age into consideration.
I didn't take Tom's book.
I didn't take Tom's threats seriously.
I didn't take a bath last night.
I didn't take a bath yesterday.
I didn't take a nap this afternoon like I usually do.
I didn't take a nap today.
I didn't take a nap.
I didn't take a shower this morning.
I didn't take a shower.
I didn't take a single picture.
I didn't take a taxi.
I didn't take advantage of it.
I didn't take an umbrella with me.
I didn't take any books from the library.
I didn't take any pictures.
I didn't take any precautions.
I didn't take anything for myself.
I didn't take anything from Tom.
I didn't take anything from them.
I didn't take anything seriously.
I didn't take anything.
I didn't take coaching classes.
I didn't take it from him.
I didn't take it from them.
I didn't take it personally.
I didn't take it seriously.
I didn't take it that seriously.
I didn't take it too seriously.
I didn't take it.
I didn't take it. You can check my pockets.
I didn't take long to come back.
I didn't take many pictures on my trip.
I didn't take many pictures.
I didn't take my hat off.
I didn't take my shirt off.
I didn't take my shoes off.
I didn't take my umbrella with me.
I didn't take off my shirt.
I didn't take off my shoes.
I didn't take part in that conversation.
I didn't take part in that.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
I didn't take part in the discussion.
I didn't take part in the marathon.
I didn't take that as seriously as I should've.
I didn't take that bicycle.
I didn't take that bus, so I'm not at home right now.
I didn't take that into account.
I didn't take that nicely.
I didn't take the bait.
I didn't take the bus because it was crowded.
I didn't take the bus home.
I didn't take the hint.
I didn't take the medicine my doctor told me to take.
I didn't take the medicine that the doctor gave me.
I didn't take the path he showed me.
I didn't take the threat seriously.
I didn't take the time to do it properly.
I didn't take the train.
I didn't take the warning seriously until it was late.
I didn't take the wrong umbrella.
I didn't take those pills you gave me.
I didn't take very many pictures.
I didn't take you for a romantic.
I didn't take your bloody car, for crying out loud!
I didn't take your money.
I didn't take your umbrella.
I didn't take your watch.
I didn't talk Tom into doing anything he didn't already want to do.
I didn't talk about Australia.
I didn't talk about Boston.
I didn't talk about Tom at all.
I didn't talk about him.
I didn't talk about it.
I didn't talk about that.
I didn't talk at the airport.
I didn't talk back to the teacher.
I didn't talk to Tom about that.
I didn't talk to Tom about this.
I didn't talk to Tom at the party.
I didn't talk to Tom.
I didn't talk to anybody.
I didn't talk to anyone about it.
I didn't talk to anyone.
I didn't talk to everyone.
I didn't talk to her.
I didn't talk to my little sister for twenty-five years.
I didn't talk to the media.
I didn't talk to the police.
I didn't talk to the press.
I didn't teach her Berber.
I didn't teach you that.
I didn't tell Mary anything she didn't already know.
I didn't tell Mary everything Tom asked me to tell her.
I didn't tell Mary she'd never done that.
I didn't tell Mary that I didn't like her.
I didn't tell Mary that I loved her.
I didn't tell Mary that she needed to be more careful.
I didn't tell Mary what she had to buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to do.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to do.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to know.
I didn't tell Mary what she should buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
I didn't tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I didn't tell Mary what time she should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't like her.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't want her to go to Boston with me.
I didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that.
I didn't tell Mary why she had to work late.
I didn't tell Mary why she needed to do that.
I didn't tell Sami any of this.
I didn't tell Tom I couldn't speak French.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't have time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't know how to swim.
I didn't tell Tom I didn't like my job.
I didn't tell Tom I grew up in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom I had been married before.
I didn't tell Tom I intended to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I knew his brother.
I didn't tell Tom I lived in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom I lived in Boston.
I didn't tell Tom I needed to find another job.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom I wanted to quit my job.
I didn't tell Tom I was already married.
I didn't tell Tom I was busy.
I didn't tell Tom I was engaged.
I didn't tell Tom I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom I was hungry.
I didn't tell Tom I was leaving.
I didn't tell Tom I was married.
I didn't tell Tom I was sleepy.
I didn't tell Tom I was sorry.
I didn't tell Tom I was tired.
I didn't tell Tom I wasn't planning on being at his party.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't be at his party.
I didn't tell Tom I wouldn't do that.
I didn't tell Tom I'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't tell Tom I'd be there.
I didn't tell Tom I'd do that.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten divorced.
I didn't tell Tom I'd gotten fired.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never been to Australia before.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never been to Boston before.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that before.
I didn't tell Tom I'd never done that.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was here.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my cousin.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my ex-wife.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my fiancée.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my girlfriend.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my sister.
I didn't tell Tom Mary was my wife.
I didn't tell Tom Mary's secret.
I didn't tell Tom about Mary.
I didn't tell Tom about it because I didn't want to ruin his day.
I didn't tell Tom about that.
I didn't tell Tom about the accident.
I didn't tell Tom about the job I'd been offered in Boston.
I didn't tell Tom about the problem.
I didn't tell Tom about this place.
I didn't tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't tell Tom about you.
I didn't tell Tom all the details.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary anything they didn't already know.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary everything John asked me to tell them.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that I didn't like them.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that I loved them.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that they needed to be more careful.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what time they should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't like them.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't want John to go to Boston with them.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't want them to go to Boston with me.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why they had to work late.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
I didn't tell Tom any of that.
I didn't tell Tom any of this.
I didn't tell Tom anything about Mary.
I didn't tell Tom anything about that.
I didn't tell Tom anything about the party.
I didn't tell Tom anything about this.
I didn't tell Tom anything about what had happened.
I didn't tell Tom anything about you.
I didn't tell Tom anything at all.
I didn't tell Tom anything he didn't already know.
I didn't tell Tom anything.
I didn't tell Tom everything Mary asked me to tell him.
I didn't tell Tom everything.
I didn't tell Tom his parents were getting divorced.
I didn't tell Tom how big my dog was.
I didn't tell Tom how many eggs to buy.
I didn't tell Tom how much I'd spent.
I didn't tell Tom how much money I'd spent.
I didn't tell Tom how much the gift I bought for Mary cost.
I didn't tell Tom how old you are.
I didn't tell Tom how to do that.
I didn't tell Tom not to dance.
I didn't tell Tom not to do that.
I didn't tell Tom or Mary.
I didn't tell Tom that I couldn't eat peanuts.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't have a driver's license.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't have time to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't intend to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I didn't like him.
I didn't tell Tom that I grew up in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I grew up in Boston.
I didn't tell Tom that I had to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I intended to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I knew his brother.
I didn't tell Tom that I knew you.
I didn't tell Tom that I lived in Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I loved him.
I didn't tell Tom that I planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I planned to wait until Monday to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom that I was going to Boston.
I didn't tell Tom that I was leaving.
I didn't tell Tom that I was the one who had to do that.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd be in Boston this week.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd been mugged.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd never been to Australia before.
I didn't tell Tom that I'd seen Mary in the park.
I didn't tell Tom that Mary was here.
I didn't tell Tom that Mary was married.
I didn't tell Tom that he needed to be more careful.
I didn't tell Tom that the meeting had been canceled.
I didn't tell Tom that the picnic had been canceled.
I didn't tell Tom that this might happen.
I didn't tell Tom that what we were doing was illegal.
I didn't tell Tom that you were a drummer.
I didn't tell Tom that you were an ex-con.
I didn't tell Tom that you were here.
I didn't tell Tom that you'd be here.
I didn't tell Tom that you're here.
I didn't tell Tom that.
I didn't tell Tom the reason I was late.
I didn't tell Tom the truth because I thought he'd get angry.
I didn't tell Tom the truth.
I didn't tell Tom the whole truth.
I didn't tell Tom to come.
I didn't tell Tom to do that.
I didn't tell Tom to say that.
I didn't tell Tom to stop.
I didn't tell Tom to take his umbrella with him.
I didn't tell Tom what I couldn't eat.
I didn't tell Tom what I had to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what I had to do.
I didn't tell Tom what I have to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what I needed to do.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to do.
I didn't tell Tom what I wanted to eat.
I didn't tell Tom what I was doing.
I didn't tell Tom what I was planning to do.
I didn't tell Tom what I was supposed to do.
I didn't tell Tom what Mary said.
I didn't tell Tom what had to be done.
I didn't tell Tom what happened next.
I didn't tell Tom what happened.
I didn't tell Tom what has to be done.
I didn't tell Tom what he had to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what he has to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what he has to do.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to buy.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to do.
I didn't tell Tom what he needed to know.
I didn't tell Tom what he should buy.
I didn't tell Tom what he wanted to know.
I didn't tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
I didn't tell Tom what might happen.
I didn't tell Tom what my last name was.
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.
I didn't tell Tom what the meeting was going to be about.
I didn't tell Tom what the problem was.
I didn't tell Tom what time he should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom what time to be here.
I didn't tell Tom what to do.
I didn't tell Tom what was going on.
I didn't tell Tom what was wrong.
I didn't tell Tom what we were planning to do.
I didn't tell Tom what we'd be discussing at the meeting.
I didn't tell Tom when I'd be arriving.
I didn't tell Tom where I lived.
I didn't tell Tom where I was going.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd been.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd bought my hat.
I didn't tell Tom where I'd bought my umbrella.
I didn't tell Tom where you live.
I didn't tell Tom where you lived.
I didn't tell Tom where you were.
I didn't tell Tom whether I'd go or not.
I didn't tell Tom which hat to buy.
I didn't tell Tom who my French teacher was.
I didn't tell Tom who my father was.
I didn't tell Tom who my girlfriend was.
I didn't tell Tom who to give that to.
I didn't tell Tom who told me that he'd stolen my saxophone.
I didn't tell Tom why I did that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't have to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't like Mary.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't like him.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't need to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want Mary to go to Boston with me.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want him to go to Boston with me.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I didn't tell Tom why I didn't want to go.
I didn't tell Tom why I enjoyed doing that.
I didn't tell Tom why I had to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I had to work late.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed more money.
I didn't tell Tom why I needed to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted him to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I wanted to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom why I was going to Boston.
I didn't tell Tom why I was late.
I didn't tell Tom why I was planning to go to Boston.
I didn't tell Tom why I wasn't going to be at his party.
I didn't tell Tom why I went to Boston last week.
I didn't tell Tom why I'd gone to Australia.
I didn't tell Tom why I'd gone to Boston.
I didn't tell Tom why Mary didn't want to go.
I didn't tell Tom why he had to work late.
I didn't tell Tom why he needed to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why we didn't want to do that.
I didn't tell Tom why we should come.
I didn't tell Tom why.
I didn't tell Tom you were a drummer.
I didn't tell Tom you were here.
I didn't tell Tom you're here.
I didn't tell Tom your name.
I didn't tell Tom your phone number.
I didn't tell Tom.
I didn't tell anybody about it.
I didn't tell anybody how I'd do that.
I didn't tell anybody that I was going to Kabylie.
I didn't tell anybody that you were here.
I didn't tell anybody who I was.
I didn't tell anybody why I had gone to Australia.
I didn't tell anybody why I was late.
I didn't tell anybody.
I didn't tell anyone about it.
I didn't tell anyone about what happened until I was thirty.
I didn't tell anyone else.
I didn't tell anyone how I'd do that.
I didn't tell anyone that I saw Tom kissing Mary.
I didn't tell anyone that I'd dropped out of school.
I didn't tell anyone that you were here.
I didn't tell anyone what I was getting ready to do.
I didn't tell anyone what I was planning to do.
I didn't tell anyone what my plans were.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
I didn't tell anyone what you did.
I didn't tell anyone where I hid the money.
I didn't tell anyone where I'd hid the gold coins.
I didn't tell anyone who I really was.
I didn't tell anyone who I was.
I didn't tell anyone why I had gone to Australia.
I didn't tell anyone why I had gone to Boston.
I didn't tell anyone why I was late.
I didn't tell anyone, not even Tom.
I didn't tell anyone, not even my mother.
I didn't tell anyone.
I didn't tell either Tom or Mary.
I didn't tell everyone.
I didn't tell her anything.
I didn't tell her everything.
I didn't tell her that.
I didn't tell her the real reason why I was in hospital.
I didn't tell her to come.
I didn't tell her to say that.
I didn't tell her you're here.
I didn't tell her.
I didn't tell her. She found out by herself.
I didn't tell him anything.
I didn't tell him everything.
I didn't tell him that.
I didn't tell him the truth because I didn't wanna hurt his feelings.
I didn't tell him the truth because I was afraid of hurting his feelings.
I didn't tell him the truth for fear he would get angry.
I didn't tell him to come.
I didn't tell him to leave, I only suggested it.
I didn't tell him to say that.
I didn't tell him you were coming.
I didn't tell him you're here.
I didn't tell him.
I didn't tell him. He found out by himself.
I didn't tell my family where I was.
I didn't tell my friends I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell my friends that I was going to Australia.
I didn't tell my friends that I was going to Boston.
I didn't tell my girlfriend anything about this.
I didn't tell my parents that I had gotten an F on the test.
I didn't tell my parents that I only got a C on my French test.
I didn't tell my wife that I'd been laid off.
I didn't tell on you.
I didn't tell that girl who I really was.
I didn't tell that guy my name.
I didn't tell the police my real name.
I didn't tell the police officer my real name.
I didn't tell the truth.
I didn't tell the whole truth.
I didn't tell them anything, just your name.
I didn't tell them anything.
I didn't tell them everything.
I didn't tell them that.
I didn't tell them to come.
I didn't tell them to say that.
I didn't tell them what we wrote in that email.
I didn't tell them you're here.
I didn't tell them.
I didn't tell you anything.
I didn't tell you because I didn't know.
I didn't tell you because I thought that you weren't interested.
I didn't tell you because I thought you weren't interested.
I didn't tell you earlier only because the matter had to remain secret.
I didn't tell you everything.
I didn't tell you something.
I didn't tell you that.
I didn't tell you the whole truth.
I didn't tell you to come.
I didn't tell you to do that, did I?
I didn't tell you to do that.
I didn't tell you to fire Tom.
I didn't tell you to fire her.
I didn't tell you to fire him.
I didn't tell you to fire them.
I didn't tell you to sit.
I didn't tell you to take a bribe.
I didn't tell you to turn around.
I didn't tell you what he wrote in that letter.
I didn't tell you.
I didn't testify.
I didn't text Tom back.
I didn't thank Tom enough for all the work he did.
I didn't thank Tom for his help.
I didn't thank Tom for the gift.
I didn't that Tom knew how much time it would take to do that.
I didn't think Boston would be this hot.
I didn't think I could do it.
I didn't think I could do that.
I didn't think I had a choice.
I didn't think I had to do that today.
I didn't think I had to do that.
I didn't think I needed a bodyguard.
I didn't think I needed any help.
I didn't think I needed one of those.
I didn't think I needed protection.
I didn't think I needed to do that.
I didn't think I needed to wait for Tom.
I didn't think I should do that.
I didn't think I should do what Tom and Mary were asking me to do.
I didn't think I should do what Tom was asking me to do.
I didn't think I should drive.
I didn't think I should say anything.
I didn't think I wanted to do it again, given that I failed last year.
I didn't think I was being unkind.
I didn't think I was ever going to be this successful.
I didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
I didn't think I was going to get along with Tom.
I didn't think I was going to get caught.
I didn't think I was going to like you this much.
I didn't think I was going to win.
I didn't think I was in any danger.
I didn't think I was old.
I didn't think I was ready to do that.
I didn't think I was that good.
I didn't think I was violating any laws.
I didn't think I would be able to pass the test without cheating.
I didn't think I would be awake when Tom got home.
I didn't think I would be bored, but I was.
I didn't think I would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think I would be here.
I didn't think I would be in Australia for so long.
I didn't think I would be in Boston for so long.
I didn't think I would be in any danger.
I didn't think I would be in my office on Monday.
I didn't think I would be jealous.
I didn't think I would be lonely.
I didn't think I would be nervous doing that.
I didn't think I would be nervous.
I didn't think I would be scared.
I didn't think I would be the first one to do that.
I didn't think I would be the last one to do that.
I didn't think I would ever be able to do that.
I didn't think I would get along with Tom so much.
I didn't think I would have to do that again.
I didn't think I would have to do that anymore.
I didn't think I would make that mistake.
I didn't think I would miss you as much as I do.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that again.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that without your help.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that.
I didn't think I'd be able to find a job here in Boston.
I didn't think I'd be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I didn't think I'd be back here until next summer.
I didn't think I'd be back so soon.
I didn't think I'd be back.
I didn't think I'd be busy all day.
I didn't think I'd be busy this morning.
I didn't think I'd be early.
I didn't think I'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think I'd be fired.
I didn't think I'd be first.
I didn't think I'd be handcuffed.
I didn't think I'd be in Australia for so long.
I didn't think I'd be late.
I didn't think I'd be lonely.
I didn't think I'd be nervous.
I didn't think I'd be permitted to do that.
I didn't think I'd be scared.
I didn't think I'd be so busy today.
I didn't think I'd be so late.
I didn't think I'd be so lonely.
I didn't think I'd be so nervous.
I didn't think I'd be so sleepy.
I didn't think I'd be so tired.
I didn't think I'd be so unlucky.
I didn't think I'd be the first one to do that.
I didn't think I'd be the last one to do that.
I didn't think I'd be this busy today.
I didn't think I'd be this nervous.
I didn't think I'd be this successful.
I didn't think I'd be welcome.
I didn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to convince you to do that.
I didn't think I'd ever be able to do that.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to Korean food.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to doing that.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to living in Australia.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to living in Boston.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to sleeping on the floor.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this noise.
I didn't think I'd ever get used to this smell.
I didn't think I'd ever have a chance to do that.
I didn't think I'd ever see you again.
I didn't think I'd find you here.
I didn't think I'd get arrested.
I didn't think I'd get bored, but I was wrong.
I didn't think I'd get fired.
I didn't think I'd get hurt.
I didn't think I'd get injured.
I didn't think I'd get punished.
I didn't think I'd get there in time.
I didn't think I'd have enough time to do that.
I didn't think I'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think I'd have so much fun doing that.
I didn't think I'd have to do that again.
I didn't think I'd have to do that by myself.
I didn't think I'd have to do that.
I didn't think I'd like a romcom.
I didn't think I'd meet you here.
I didn't think I'd need to do that again.
I didn't think I'd need to do that.
I didn't think I'd see Tom again.
I didn't think I'd see Tom here.
I didn't think I'd see Tom in Boston.
I didn't think I'd see Tom there.
I didn't think I'd see you again.
I didn't think I'd see you here.
I didn't think Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary was Tom's sister.
I didn't think Mary would ask Tom to help her.
I didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
I didn't think Mary would be afraid, but she was.
I didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
I didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
I didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
I didn't think Mary would be exhausted, but she was.
I didn't think Mary would be here, but I'm glad she is.
I didn't think Mary would be so beautiful.
I didn't think Mary would be so pretty.
I didn't think Mary would do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would do that, but she did.
I didn't think Mary would eat what I made for her.
I didn't think Mary would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite her.
I didn't think Mary would go to Boston by herself.
I didn't think Mary would have to do that.
I didn't think Mary would need to do that.
I didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would want to do that.
I didn't think Mary's neckline was too revealing.
I didn't think Tom and Mary had driver's licenses.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really did what John said they did.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really had to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really needed to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were absent.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were afraid.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were alone.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were angry.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were asleep.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were at home.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were awake.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were being careful enough.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were bored.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were broke.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were busy.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were capable of doing such a thing.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were careless.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were confused.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were cooperative.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were difficult to get along with.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were discouraged.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were doing that anymore.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were drunk.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that yet.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were frightened.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to do that again.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were here.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were hungry.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were impressed.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were in Boston.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were innocent.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in art.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in learning how to drive.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were jealous.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were lonely.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were looking.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were lying.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were mad.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were making any sense.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were nervous doing that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were nervous.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were ready.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were really paying attention.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were right.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were scared.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were shy.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were sleeping.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were sleepy.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were so careless.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were surprised.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were suspicious.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were that fat.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were through doing that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were tired.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were upset.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were violating any laws.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were worried.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would ask John to help them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be afraid, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be confused, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be cooperative, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be doing that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be drunk, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be exhausted, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be here, but I'm glad they are.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that, but they did.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would eat what I made for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would go to Boston by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would want to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom could actually do that.
I didn't think Tom could do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom could do that for Mary.
I didn't think Tom could do that.
I didn't think Tom could help me with that.
I didn't think Tom could run that fast.
I didn't think Tom could speak French that well.
I didn't think Tom could win.
I didn't think Tom did that well.
I didn't think Tom did that.
I didn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
I didn't think Tom expected me to do that.
I didn't think Tom had a driver's license.
I didn't think Tom had a shot.
I didn't think Tom had ever been to Australia.
I didn't think Tom had ever been to Boston.
I didn't think Tom had ever done that.
I didn't think Tom had it in him.
I didn't think Tom had the strength to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom had to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom had to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew any French.
I didn't think Tom knew any other way to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to cook Mexican food.
I didn't think Tom knew how to do that.
I didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
I didn't think Tom knew how to play mahjong.
I didn't think Tom knew.
I didn't think Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I didn't think Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I didn't think Tom liked to do that.
I didn't think Tom liked to ski.
I didn't think Tom liked to swim.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous doing that.
I didn't think Tom looked nervous.
I didn't think Tom needed any help.
I didn't think Tom needed our help.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that again.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that either.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that until tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom needed to tell Mary what to do.
I didn't think Tom ought to do that again.
I didn't think Tom realized how difficult that job was going to be.
I didn't think Tom realized how hard that job was going to be.
I didn't think Tom really did what Mary said he did.
I didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
I didn't think Tom really had time to do that.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that again.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that today.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom really had to do that.
I didn't think Tom really knew how to do that.
I didn't think Tom really meant what he said.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that again.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that today.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom really planned on doing that.
I didn't think Tom really planned to do that.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
I didn't think Tom really wanted to know.
I didn't think Tom should do that again.
I didn't think Tom should do that either.
I didn't think Tom should do that himself.
I didn't think Tom should do that outside.
I didn't think Tom should do that.
I didn't think Tom should have done that.
I didn't think Tom should have left early.
I didn't think Tom should sing.
I didn't think Tom should've done that.
I didn't think Tom should've left early.
I didn't think Tom took us seriously.
I didn't think Tom tried hard enough.
I didn't think Tom understood what was going on.
I didn't think Tom understood what you said.
I didn't think Tom wanted any help.
I didn't think Tom wanted that to happen.
I didn't think Tom wanted to be on the baseball team.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that again.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom wanted to do that.
I didn't think Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think Tom wanted to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't think Tom wanted to talk about Mary.
I didn't think Tom wanted to talk to me.
I didn't think Tom was absent.
I didn't think Tom was afraid.
I didn't think Tom was alone.
I didn't think Tom was amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom was angry.
I didn't think Tom was annoyed.
I didn't think Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I didn't think Tom was asleep.
I didn't think Tom was at home.
I didn't think Tom was awake.
I didn't think Tom was being careful enough.
I didn't think Tom was being sarcastic.
I didn't think Tom was being sincere.
I didn't think Tom was being truthful.
I didn't think Tom was being unfair.
I didn't think Tom was bored.
I didn't think Tom was broke.
I didn't think Tom was busy.
I didn't think Tom was capable of doing such a thing.
I didn't think Tom was careless.
I didn't think Tom was confused.
I didn't think Tom was cooperative.
I didn't think Tom was correct.
I didn't think Tom was difficult to get along with.
I didn't think Tom was discouraged.
I didn't think Tom was doing that anymore.
I didn't think Tom was doing that.
I didn't think Tom was done.
I didn't think Tom was downstairs.
I didn't think Tom was drunk.
I didn't think Tom was embarrassed.
I didn't think Tom was fair.
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that yet.
I didn't think Tom was finished doing that.
I didn't think Tom was frightened.
I didn't think Tom was glad that had happened.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that had happened.
I didn't think Tom was glad that that's going to happen.
I didn't think Tom was glad that's going to happen.
I didn't think Tom was going to be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom was going to be here.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that again.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that so soon.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that so well.
I didn't think Tom was going to do that.
I didn't think Tom was going to let you drive.
I didn't think Tom was helpful.
I didn't think Tom was here.
I didn't think Tom was honest.
I didn't think Tom was hungry.
I didn't think Tom was hurt.
I didn't think Tom was impressed.
I didn't think Tom was in Australia.
I didn't think Tom was in Boston.
I didn't think Tom was in his office on Mondays.
I didn't think Tom was innocent.
I didn't think Tom was interested in art.
I didn't think Tom was interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom was interested in learning how to drive.
I didn't think Tom was interested.
I didn't think Tom was intimidated.
I didn't think Tom was jealous.
I didn't think Tom was joking.
I didn't think Tom was kidding about that.
I didn't think Tom was kidding.
I didn't think Tom was last.
I didn't think Tom was listening very carefully.
I didn't think Tom was lonely.
I didn't think Tom was looking.
I didn't think Tom was lying.
I didn't think Tom was mad.
I didn't think Tom was making any sense.
I didn't think Tom was mistaken.
I didn't think Tom was nervous doing that.
I didn't think Tom was nervous.
I didn't think Tom was prepared.
I didn't think Tom was ready to do that.
I didn't think Tom was ready.
I didn't think Tom was really paying attention.
I didn't think Tom was reasonable.
I didn't think Tom was respectful enough.
I didn't think Tom was right.
I didn't think Tom was satisfied.
I didn't think Tom was scared.
I didn't think Tom was serious.
I didn't think Tom was shocked.
I didn't think Tom was shy.
I didn't think Tom was sincere.
I didn't think Tom was sleeping.
I didn't think Tom was sleepy.
I didn't think Tom was so careless.
I didn't think Tom was so selfish.
I didn't think Tom was still alive.
I didn't think Tom was supportive enough.
I didn't think Tom was surprised.
I didn't think Tom was suspicious.
I didn't think Tom was sympathetic.
I didn't think Tom was talking about me.
I didn't think Tom was telling the truth.
I didn't think Tom was that fat.
I didn't think Tom was the first one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was the last one to do that.
I didn't think Tom was the murderer.
I didn't think Tom was thirsty.
I didn't think Tom was through doing that.
I didn't think Tom was tired.
I didn't think Tom was to blame.
I didn't think Tom was truthful.
I didn't think Tom was upset.
I didn't think Tom was very happy.
I didn't think Tom was violating any laws.
I didn't think Tom was worried.
I didn't think Tom was wrong.
I didn't think Tom was your type.
I didn't think Tom wasn't safe.
I didn't think Tom would actually do that.
I didn't think Tom would actually try it.
I didn't think Tom would actually win.
I didn't think Tom would agree to do that.
I didn't think Tom would agree with you.
I didn't think Tom would agree.
I didn't think Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would allow me to do that.
I didn't think Tom would allow us to do that.
I didn't think Tom would allow you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would approve.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to help him.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to the prom.
I didn't think Tom would ask you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to come yesterday morning.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to quit doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to quit doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to convince you to stop doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that in less than three hours.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that so well.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do what you asked him to do.
I didn't think Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to help us.
I didn't think Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be able to walk for two or three days.
I didn't think Tom would be able to win.
I didn't think Tom would be absent.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid of such a small dog.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid, but he was.
I didn't think Tom would be afraid.
I didn't think Tom would be allowed to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be alone.
I didn't think Tom would be amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom would be amused by what was happening.
I didn't think Tom would be amused.
I didn't think Tom would be angry.
I didn't think Tom would be annoyed.
I didn't think Tom would be arrested.
I didn't think Tom would be as busy as he thought he'd be.
I didn't think Tom would be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be as careful as he was.
I didn't think Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't think Tom would be as friendly as he was.
I didn't think Tom would be asleep.
I didn't think Tom would be astonished.
I didn't think Tom would be at home yesterday afternoon.
I didn't think Tom would be at home, but I knocked on his door anyway.
I didn't think Tom would be at school last Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be at school yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be at today's meeting.
I didn't think Tom would be awake at this time of night.
I didn't think Tom would be awake when I got home.
I didn't think Tom would be awake.
I didn't think Tom would be back so soon.
I didn't think Tom would be back soon.
I didn't think Tom would be back until 2:30.
I didn't think Tom would be back until Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be back until tomorrow.
I didn't think Tom would be back.
I didn't think Tom would be barefoot.
I didn't think Tom would be bored.
I didn't think Tom would be broke.
I didn't think Tom would be busy this morning.
I didn't think Tom would be busy today.
I didn't think Tom would be busy, so I went to visit him.
I didn't think Tom would be coming in this morning.
I didn't think Tom would be concerned about that.
I didn't think Tom would be confused by that.
I didn't think Tom would be confused, but he was.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative, but he was.
I didn't think Tom would be cooperative.
I didn't think Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be desperate to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be discouraged.
I didn't think Tom would be disobedient.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that for so long.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that here.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that this morning.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that today.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be done.
I didn't think Tom would be downstairs.
I didn't think Tom would be drunk so early in the day.
I didn't think Tom would be drunk, but he was.
I didn't think Tom would be early.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed by that.
I didn't think Tom would be embarrassed.
I didn't think Tom would be exhausted, but he was.
I didn't think Tom would be fair.
I didn't think Tom would be finished by 2:30.
I didn't think Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think Tom would be finished.
I didn't think Tom would be fired for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be fired.
I didn't think Tom would be first.
I didn't think Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be forgiven.
I didn't think Tom would be frightened by that.
I didn't think Tom would be frightened.
I didn't think Tom would be glad that happened.
I didn't think Tom would be glad that that happened.
I didn't think Tom would be gone by the time we got there.
I didn't think Tom would be here all day.
I didn't think Tom would be here on time.
I didn't think Tom would be here so soon.
I didn't think Tom would be here today.
I didn't think Tom would be here yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be here, but I'm glad he is.
I didn't think Tom would be here.
I didn't think Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be home last Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be home on Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be home yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would be home.
I didn't think Tom would be impressed.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia all week.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia last weekend.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't think Tom would be in Australia.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston all week.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston last weekend.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston this week.
I didn't think Tom would be in Boston.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office last Monday.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office yesterday morning.
I didn't think Tom would be in his office.
I didn't think Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I didn't think Tom would be interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be interested.
I didn't think Tom would be jealous.
I didn't think Tom would be last.
I didn't think Tom would be late.
I didn't think Tom would be lonely.
I didn't think Tom would be mad.
I didn't think Tom would be motivated to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be nervous doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be nervous.
I didn't think Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be prepared.
I didn't think Tom would be present at today's meeting.
I didn't think Tom would be present at yesterday's meeting.
I didn't think Tom would be present.
I didn't think Tom would be punctual.
I didn't think Tom would be punished.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to do that until next year.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be ready to leave.
I didn't think Tom would be ready.
I didn't think Tom would be reasonable.
I didn't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be scared.
I didn't think Tom would be serious.
I didn't think Tom would be shy.
I didn't think Tom would be skeptical.
I didn't think Tom would be sleepy.
I didn't think Tom would be so active.
I didn't think Tom would be so adventurous.
I didn't think Tom would be so afraid.
I didn't think Tom would be so aggressive.
I didn't think Tom would be so ambitious.
I didn't think Tom would be so amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom would be so amused.
I didn't think Tom would be so amusing.
I didn't think Tom would be so angry.
I didn't think Tom would be so annoyed.
I didn't think Tom would be so annoying.
I didn't think Tom would be so bored.
I didn't think Tom would be so boring.
I didn't think Tom would be so bossy.
I didn't think Tom would be so brave.
I didn't think Tom would be so busy.
I didn't think Tom would be so careless.
I didn't think Tom would be so cheerful.
I didn't think Tom would be so conceited.
I didn't think Tom would be so concerned.
I didn't think Tom would be so confident.
I didn't think Tom would be so cooperative.
I didn't think Tom would be so courageous.
I didn't think Tom would be so courteous.
I didn't think Tom would be so crazy.
I didn't think Tom would be so creative.
I didn't think Tom would be so cruel.
I didn't think Tom would be so curious.
I didn't think Tom would be so dedicated.
I didn't think Tom would be so dependable.
I didn't think Tom would be so depressed.
I didn't think Tom would be so desperate to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so desperate.
I didn't think Tom would be so determined to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so devious.
I didn't think Tom would be so difficult to get along with.
I didn't think Tom would be so diligent.
I didn't think Tom would be so direct.
I didn't think Tom would be so dirty.
I didn't think Tom would be so disappointed.
I didn't think Tom would be so discouraged.
I didn't think Tom would be so disorganized.
I didn't think Tom would be so displeased.
I didn't think Tom would be so disrespectful.
I didn't think Tom would be so early.
I didn't think Tom would be so easygoing.
I didn't think Tom would be so embarrassed.
I didn't think Tom would be so enthusiastic.
I didn't think Tom would be so excited.
I didn't think Tom would be so fast.
I didn't think Tom would be so fat.
I didn't think Tom would be so foolish.
I didn't think Tom would be so frantic.
I didn't think Tom would be so friendly.
I didn't think Tom would be so funny.
I didn't think Tom would be so furious.
I didn't think Tom would be so generous.
I didn't think Tom would be so greedy.
I didn't think Tom would be so grouchy.
I didn't think Tom would be so grumpy.
I didn't think Tom would be so happy.
I didn't think Tom would be so hesitant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so hungry.
I didn't think Tom would be so impatient.
I didn't think Tom would be so impolite.
I didn't think Tom would be so interested in doing that.
I didn't think Tom would be so interested.
I didn't think Tom would be so interesting.
I didn't think Tom would be so intrigued.
I didn't think Tom would be so irritated.
I didn't think Tom would be so jealous.
I didn't think Tom would be so late.
I didn't think Tom would be so lazy.
I didn't think Tom would be so mad.
I didn't think Tom would be so mean.
I didn't think Tom would be so miserable.
I didn't think Tom would be so moody.
I didn't think Tom would be so motivated to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so motivated.
I didn't think Tom would be so naive.
I didn't think Tom would be so neat.
I didn't think Tom would be so needy.
I didn't think Tom would be so nervous.
I didn't think Tom would be so nice.
I didn't think Tom would be so nosey.
I didn't think Tom would be so nosy.
I didn't think Tom would be so obedient.
I didn't think Tom would be so obstinate.
I didn't think Tom would be so offended.
I didn't think Tom would be so old.
I didn't think Tom would be so optimistic.
I didn't think Tom would be so organized.
I didn't think Tom would be so overweight.
I didn't think Tom would be so particular.
I didn't think Tom would be so passionate.
I didn't think Tom would be so patient.
I didn't think Tom would be so persuasive.
I didn't think Tom would be so pessimistic.
I didn't think Tom would be so picky.
I didn't think Tom would be so pleased.
I didn't think Tom would be so prejudiced.
I didn't think Tom would be so pushy.
I didn't think Tom would be so quiet.
I didn't think Tom would be so reasonable.
I didn't think Tom would be so reckless.
I didn't think Tom would be so reluctant to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so reluctant.
I didn't think Tom would be so resourceful.
I didn't think Tom would be so romantic.
I didn't think Tom would be so rude.
I didn't think Tom would be so ruthless.
I didn't think Tom would be so sad.
I didn't think Tom would be so sarcastic.
I didn't think Tom would be so scared.
I didn't think Tom would be so selfish.
I didn't think Tom would be so shaken.
I didn't think Tom would be so shy.
I didn't think Tom would be so skeptical.
I didn't think Tom would be so slow.
I didn't think Tom would be so sneaky.
I didn't think Tom would be so spontaneous.
I didn't think Tom would be so stingy.
I didn't think Tom would be so strict.
I didn't think Tom would be so strong.
I didn't think Tom would be so stubborn.
I didn't think Tom would be so stupid.
I didn't think Tom would be so successful.
I didn't think Tom would be so supportive.
I didn't think Tom would be so suspicious.
I didn't think Tom would be so sweet.
I didn't think Tom would be so sympathetic.
I didn't think Tom would be so talented.
I didn't think Tom would be so talkative.
I didn't think Tom would be so tempted to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be so terrified.
I didn't think Tom would be so thorough.
I didn't think Tom would be so thrilled.
I didn't think Tom would be so timid.
I didn't think Tom would be so tired.
I didn't think Tom would be so undependable.
I didn't think Tom would be so unfriendly.
I didn't think Tom would be so unreasonable.
I didn't think Tom would be so upset.
I didn't think Tom would be so witty.
I didn't think Tom would be so worried.
I didn't think Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would be surprised.
I didn't think Tom would be suspended.
I didn't think Tom would be suspicious.
I didn't think Tom would be sympathetic.
I didn't think Tom would be tempted to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be that unlucky.
I didn't think Tom would be the first one to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be the last one to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be there.
I didn't think Tom would be this organized.
I didn't think Tom would be through doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think Tom would be tired.
I didn't think Tom would be too busy to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be too busy to help us.
I didn't think Tom would be too tired to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be too weak to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be truthful.
I didn't think Tom would be up so early in the morning.
I didn't think Tom would be upset if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would be upset.
I didn't think Tom would be welcomed.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to help us.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be worried about something like that.
I didn't think Tom would be worried.
I didn't think Tom would be wrong.
I didn't think Tom would believe Mary.
I didn't think Tom would believe us.
I didn't think Tom would buy that for you.
I didn't think Tom would buy that.
I didn't think Tom would care if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would care if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would care if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would care whether I did that or not.
I didn't think Tom would catch any fish.
I didn't think Tom would change his mind.
I didn't think Tom would change.
I didn't think Tom would come back.
I didn't think Tom would come home early.
I didn't think Tom would come in this morning.
I didn't think Tom would come to my party.
I didn't think Tom would come.
I didn't think Tom would confess.
I didn't think Tom would cry.
I didn't think Tom would dance.
I didn't think Tom would deny it.
I didn't think Tom would do anything.
I didn't think Tom would do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would do such a thing.
I didn't think Tom would do that again.
I didn't think Tom would do that anymore.
I didn't think Tom would do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would do that either.
I didn't think Tom would do that for Mary.
I didn't think Tom would do that for me.
I didn't think Tom would do that for us.
I didn't think Tom would do that for you.
I didn't think Tom would do that on purpose.
I didn't think Tom would do that, but he did.
I didn't think Tom would do that.
I didn't think Tom would do this kind of thing.
I didn't think Tom would do this.
I didn't think Tom would do what you said he did.
I didn't think Tom would eat that.
I didn't think Tom would eat what I made for him.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy Mary's concert.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite him.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy our party.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy that movie.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy this movie.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to do that.
I didn't think Tom would ever be able to walk again.
I didn't think Tom would ever come back here again.
I didn't think Tom would ever come back to Boston.
I didn't think Tom would ever consider doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever do something like that.
I didn't think Tom would ever do that again.
I didn't think Tom would ever do that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forget that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forget you.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive me for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would ever forgive me.
I didn't think Tom would ever get married.
I didn't think Tom would ever leave his wife.
I didn't think Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I didn't think Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I didn't think Tom would ever propose.
I didn't think Tom would ever really do that.
I didn't think Tom would ever speak to me again.
I didn't think Tom would ever stop doing that.
I didn't think Tom would forget that.
I didn't think Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what needed to be done.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what she had to do.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what time the meeting was.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell Mary what to do.
I didn't think Tom would forget to tell you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would get bored, but I was wrong.
I didn't think Tom would get fired for doing that.
I didn't think Tom would get fired.
I didn't think Tom would get here in time.
I didn't think Tom would get here on time.
I didn't think Tom would get hurt.
I didn't think Tom would get injured.
I didn't think Tom would get it.
I didn't think Tom would get punished.
I didn't think Tom would get so homesick.
I didn't think Tom would get the job.
I didn't think Tom would give it back.
I didn't think Tom would give up like that.
I didn't think Tom would give you the keys.
I didn't think Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't think Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston by himself.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think Tom would go to Boston.
I didn't think Tom would have any problems.
I didn't think Tom would have fun doing that.
I didn't think Tom would have that problem.
I didn't think Tom would have the courage to do that.
I didn't think Tom would have the guts to do that.
I didn't think Tom would have the time to do that.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that again.
I didn't think Tom would have to do that.
I didn't think Tom would hear us.
I didn't think Tom would help Mary do that.
I didn't think Tom would help me do that.
I didn't think Tom would help me with my homework.
I didn't think Tom would help us do that.
I didn't think Tom would help us.
I didn't think Tom would hire a private detective.
I didn't think Tom would hurt Mary.
I didn't think Tom would hurt me.
I didn't think Tom would kiss Mary.
I didn't think Tom would kiss me.
I didn't think Tom would know how to do that, but he did.
I didn't think Tom would know how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would leave his wife.
I didn't think Tom would leave so early.
I didn't think Tom would leave without me.
I didn't think Tom would leave.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary do that again.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary do that.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary drive.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary win.
I didn't think Tom would let me borrow his car.
I didn't think Tom would let me do that.
I didn't think Tom would let me down.
I didn't think Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I didn't think Tom would let me drive.
I didn't think Tom would let me help him.
I didn't think Tom would let me kiss him.
I didn't think Tom would let me ride his horse.
I didn't think Tom would let me win.
I didn't think Tom would let you do that again.
I didn't think Tom would let you do that.
I didn't think Tom would let you drive his car.
I didn't think Tom would let you drive.
I didn't think Tom would let you win.
I didn't think Tom would lie to you.
I didn't think Tom would lie.
I didn't think Tom would like Boston.
I didn't think Tom would like Mary.
I didn't think Tom would like doing that.
I didn't think Tom would like it if I did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it if we did that.
I didn't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I didn't think Tom would like it.
I didn't think Tom would like living here.
I didn't think Tom would like me.
I didn't think Tom would like my friends.
I didn't think Tom would like that.
I didn't think Tom would like the movie.
I didn't think Tom would like the soup I made.
I didn't think Tom would like the soup that I made.
I didn't think Tom would like this place.
I didn't think Tom would like this.
I didn't think Tom would like to do that.
I didn't think Tom would like you.
I didn't think Tom would likely do that.
I didn't think Tom would listen to you.
I didn't think Tom would lose.
I didn't think Tom would make a very good boss.
I didn't think Tom would make a very good husband.
I didn't think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside.
I didn't think Tom would mind buying that for you.
I didn't think Tom would mind doing that for you.
I didn't think Tom would mind doing that.
I didn't think Tom would mind helping you.
I didn't think Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would mind if we did that.
I didn't think Tom would mind if you did that.
I didn't think Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I didn't think Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would mind.
I didn't think Tom would need to do that.
I didn't think Tom would notice.
I didn't think Tom would pass last week's history test.
I didn't think Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I didn't think Tom would permit me to do that.
I didn't think Tom would permit you to do that.
I didn't think Tom would really do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would really do that.
I didn't think Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I didn't think Tom would really enjoy playing tennis with Mary.
I didn't think Tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I didn't think Tom would really want that.
I didn't think Tom would really want to do that.
I didn't think Tom would really win.
I didn't think Tom would refuse to do that.
I didn't think Tom would regret doing that.
I didn't think Tom would remember all our names.
I didn't think Tom would remember me.
I didn't think Tom would resign.
I didn't think Tom would say that to Mary.
I didn't think Tom would say that.
I didn't think Tom would say yes.
I didn't think Tom would see us.
I didn't think Tom would sell anything.
I didn't think Tom would show Mary how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would show me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would show up at Mary's party.
I didn't think Tom would show you how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would sing.
I didn't think Tom would stay so long.
I didn't think Tom would still be angry.
I didn't think Tom would still be at home.
I didn't think Tom would still be awake.
I didn't think Tom would still be downstairs.
I didn't think Tom would still be jealous.
I didn't think Tom would still be mad.
I didn't think Tom would still be nervous.
I didn't think Tom would still be willing to do that.
I didn't think Tom would swim by himself.
I didn't think Tom would swim yesterday.
I didn't think Tom would swim.
I didn't think Tom would talk to me.
I didn't think Tom would tell Mary how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would tell anybody.
I didn't think Tom would tell anyone.
I didn't think Tom would tell me how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would tell you how to do that.
I didn't think Tom would try doing that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would try to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would try to do that without our help.
I didn't think Tom would understand it.
I didn't think Tom would understand that.
I didn't think Tom would understand.
I didn't think Tom would wait very long.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that by himself.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that with us.
I didn't think Tom would want to do that.
I didn't think Tom would want to go drinking with us.
I didn't think Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I didn't think Tom would want to go to the zoo with us.
I didn't think Tom would want to go with us.
I didn't think Tom would want to see me again.
I didn't think Tom would want to sing.
I didn't think Tom would want to talk about that.
I didn't think Tom would want your old bicycle.
I didn't think Tom would win.
I didn't think Tom wrote anything.
I didn't think Tom's French pronunciation was very good.
I didn't think Tom's idea was a very good one.
I didn't think Tom's idea was very good.
I didn't think Tom's joke was funny.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were funny.
I didn't think Tom's jokes were particularly funny.
I didn't think Tom's limerick was very funny.
I didn't think Tom's plan was any good.
I didn't think Tom's plan was feasible.
I didn't think Tom's plan would work.
I didn't think Tom's speech was boring.
I didn't think about Tom.
I didn't think about it at all.
I didn't think about it much.
I didn't think about it that much.
I didn't think about it too much.
I didn't think about it.
I didn't think about that at all.
I didn't think about that.
I didn't think about the situation carefully enough.
I didn't think about what I was doing.
I didn't think anybody could do that.
I didn't think anybody could do this.
I didn't think anybody could help me.
I didn't think anybody could love me.
I didn't think anybody could've done better than you did.
I didn't think anybody did that anymore.
I didn't think anybody did that.
I didn't think anybody else could do my job.
I didn't think anybody else had noticed.
I didn't think anybody else wanted to come.
I didn't think anybody had ever done that before.
I didn't think anybody had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think anybody had told Tom yet.
I didn't think anybody had tried that before.
I didn't think anybody knew that yet.
I didn't think anybody noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think anybody noticed what we did.
I didn't think anybody noticed what you did.
I didn't think anybody really expected you to be here.
I didn't think anybody really expected you to help.
I didn't think anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think anybody saw us.
I didn't think anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think anybody was coming.
I didn't think anybody was going to help you.
I didn't think anybody was here yesterday.
I didn't think anybody was satisfied.
I didn't think anybody would actually do that.
I didn't think anybody would believe me.
I didn't think anybody would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think anybody would dispute that.
I didn't think anybody would do that.
I didn't think anybody would get hurt.
I didn't think anybody would help me.
I didn't think anybody would like Tom.
I didn't think anybody would really do that.
I didn't think anyone could do that.
I didn't think anyone could do this.
I didn't think anyone could fix this watch.
I didn't think anyone could help me.
I didn't think anyone could've done better than you did.
I didn't think anyone did that anymore.
I didn't think anyone did that.
I didn't think anyone else could do my job.
I didn't think anyone else had noticed.
I didn't think anyone else wanted to come.
I didn't think anyone had ever done that before.
I didn't think anyone had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think anyone had told Tom yet.
I didn't think anyone had tried that before.
I didn't think anyone knew that yet.
I didn't think anyone noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think anyone noticed what we did.
I didn't think anyone noticed what you did.
I didn't think anyone really expected you to be here.
I didn't think anyone really expected you to help.
I didn't think anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think anyone saw us.
I didn't think anyone still lived in this house.
I didn't think anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think anyone was going to help you.
I didn't think anyone was here yesterday.
I didn't think anyone was home.
I didn't think anyone was satisfied.
I didn't think anyone would actually do that.
I didn't think anyone would be here.
I didn't think anyone would believe me.
I didn't think anyone would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think anyone would dispute that.
I didn't think anyone would do that.
I didn't think anyone would get hurt.
I didn't think anyone would help me.
I didn't think anyone would like Tom.
I didn't think anyone would really do that.
I didn't think anything of it at the time.
I didn't think anything of it.
I didn't think anything was suspicious.
I didn't think doing that would be a good idea.
I didn't think doing that would be much fun.
I didn't think doing that would be safe.
I didn't think doing that would be so much fun.
I didn't think doing that would be that easy.
I didn't think he could go so far as to take his own life over an unrequited love.
I didn't think he was capable of doing such a thing.
I didn't think he was that kind of person.
I didn't think he would come.
I didn't think he would remember my name.
I didn't think it could happen to me.
I didn't think it mattered to you.
I didn't think it mattered.
I didn't think it necessary to call you immediately.
I didn't think it polite to listen, sir.
I didn't think it really existed.
I didn't think it tasted very good.
I didn't think it was a big deal.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom do that.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom drive.
I didn't think it was a problem.
I didn't think it was funny.
I didn't think it was important.
I didn't think it was possible.
I didn't think it was real.
I didn't think it was right.
I didn't think it was so bad.
I didn't think it was such a big deal.
I didn't think it was that good.
I didn't think it was the moment.
I didn't think it wasn't so funny.
I didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
I didn't think it would be appropriate.
I didn't think it would be easy to do that.
I didn't think it would be safe for Mary to do that by herself.
I didn't think it would be safe for Mary to go skin diving by herself.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom and Mary to go skin diving by themselves.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that by himself.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to do that.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom to go skin diving by himself.
I didn't think it would be safe for you to do that by yourself.
I didn't think it would be safe for you to do that.
I didn't think it would be safe to walk home by myself after dark.
I didn't think it would be so easy to do that.
I didn't think it would be that easy to do that.
I didn't think it would be that easy.
I didn't think it would be that much.
I didn't think it would come to this.
I didn't think it would cost this much.
I didn't think it would get this cold today.
I didn't think it would happen.
I didn't think it would hurt so much.
I didn't think it would matter.
I didn't think it would rain last night.
I didn't think it would rain today.
I didn't think it would snow yesterday.
I didn't think it would snow, and it didn't.
I didn't think it would snow, but it did.
I didn't think it would take this long.
I didn't think it'd happen this quickly.
I didn't think learning French was much fun.
I didn't think much of it.
I didn't think my day could get any worse.
I didn't think of anything.
I didn't think of it.
I didn't think of sex.
I didn't think of that.
I didn't think of the consequences.
I didn't think our team was really this bad.
I didn't think she'd ask me a second time.
I didn't think she'd ask me again.
I didn't think so.
I didn't think something like that would embarrass Tom.
I didn't think something like this would happen.
I didn't think that I could do it.
I didn't think that I could do that.
I didn't think that I had a choice.
I didn't think that I had to do that.
I didn't think that I needed a bodyguard.
I didn't think that I should do that.
I didn't think that I was going to get along with Tom.
I didn't think that I was in any danger.
I didn't think that I was that good.
I didn't think that I would be in Australia for so long.
I didn't think that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't think that I'd be able to do that.
I didn't think that I'd be able to solve this problem without a little help.
I didn't think that I'd be early.
I didn't think that I'd be fired.
I didn't think that I'd be lonely.
I didn't think that I'd be scared.
I didn't think that I'd be so lonely.
I didn't think that I'd be so sleepy.
I didn't think that I'd enjoy doing that.
I didn't think that I'd ever get used to living in Australia.
I didn't think that I'd ever have a chance to do that.
I didn't think that I'd get arrested.
I didn't think that I'd get fired.
I didn't think that I'd get hurt.
I didn't think that I'd get injured.
I didn't think that I'd get punished.
I didn't think that I'd get so close to my neighbor; but it was the only way I could clobber him.
I didn't think that I'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think that I'd have to do that by myself.
I didn't think that I'd have to do that.
I didn't think that I'd need to do that.
I didn't think that I'd see you again.
I didn't think that I'd so have much fun doing that.
I didn't think that Mary was Tom's sister.
I didn't think that Mary was beautiful.
I didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
I didn't think that Mary would be so pretty.
I didn't think that Mary would have to do that.
I didn't think that Mary would need to do that.
I didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were busy.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were happy.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were having fun.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were hungry.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were that old.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were tired.
I didn't think that Tom could actually do that.
I didn't think that Tom could do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom could do that for Mary.
I didn't think that Tom could do that.
I didn't think that Tom could help me with that.
I didn't think that Tom could speak French that well.
I didn't think that Tom could understand French.
I didn't think that Tom could win.
I didn't think that Tom expected me to do that.
I didn't think that Tom had ever been to Australia.
I didn't think that Tom had the strength to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom had to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom knew any other way to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to play mahjong.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to swim.
I didn't think that Tom knew what to do.
I didn't think that Tom liked the song that you wrote about him.
I didn't think that Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
I didn't think that Tom liked to do that.
I didn't think that Tom liked to ski.
I didn't think that Tom liked to swim.
I didn't think that Tom needed any help.
I didn't think that Tom needed our help.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that either.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that until tomorrow.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom needed to do that.
I didn't think that Tom ought to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom really had time to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom really had to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really knew how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really meant what he said.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom really needed to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really planned on doing that.
I didn't think that Tom really planned to do that.
I didn't think that Tom really wanted to do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom really wanted to know.
I didn't think that Tom should do that again.
I didn't think that Tom should do that either.
I didn't think that Tom should do that himself.
I didn't think that Tom should do that outside.
I didn't think that Tom should sing.
I didn't think that Tom took us seriously.
I didn't think that Tom tried hard enough.
I didn't think that Tom understood what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom understood what you said.
I didn't think that Tom wanted any help.
I didn't think that Tom wanted that to happen.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to do that again.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to talk about Mary.
I didn't think that Tom wanted to talk to me.
I didn't think that Tom was amused by what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom was annoyed.
I didn't think that Tom was as generous as he should've been.
I didn't think that Tom was being careful enough.
I didn't think that Tom was being sarcastic.
I didn't think that Tom was being sincere.
I didn't think that Tom was being truthful.
I didn't think that Tom was being unfair.
I didn't think that Tom was busy.
I didn't think that Tom was correct.
I didn't think that Tom was cute.
I didn't think that Tom was done.
I didn't think that Tom was downstairs.
I didn't think that Tom was fair.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that had happened.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that that had happened.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that that's going to happen.
I didn't think that Tom was glad that's going to happen.
I didn't think that Tom was going to be able to do that.
I didn't think that Tom was going to be here.
I didn't think that Tom was going to do that so soon.
I didn't think that Tom was going to do that so well.
I didn't think that Tom was going to do that.
I didn't think that Tom was happy.
I didn't think that Tom was having fun.
I didn't think that Tom was helpful.
I didn't think that Tom was honest.
I didn't think that Tom was hungry.
I didn't think that Tom was hurt.
I didn't think that Tom was in Australia.
I didn't think that Tom was intimidated.
I didn't think that Tom was joking.
I didn't think that Tom was kidding about that.
I didn't think that Tom was kidding.
I didn't think that Tom was listening very carefully.
I didn't think that Tom was lying.
I didn't think that Tom was mistaken.
I didn't think that Tom was prepared.
I didn't think that Tom was reasonable.
I didn't think that Tom was respectful enough.
I didn't think that Tom was satisfied.
I didn't think that Tom was serious.
I didn't think that Tom was shocked.
I didn't think that Tom was sincere.
I didn't think that Tom was supportive enough.
I didn't think that Tom was sympathetic.
I didn't think that Tom was talking about me.
I didn't think that Tom was telling the truth.
I didn't think that Tom was that old.
I didn't think that Tom was thirsty.
I didn't think that Tom was tired.
I didn't think that Tom was truthful.
I didn't think that Tom was very happy.
I didn't think that Tom was wrong.
I didn't think that Tom would actually do that.
I didn't think that Tom would agree to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would agree with you.
I didn't think that Tom would agree.
I didn't think that Tom would allow Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow me to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow us to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would allow you to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would approve.
I didn't think that Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to come yesterday morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to convince Mary to stop doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that so well.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that without our help.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to do what you asked him to do.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to figure out how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to help us.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to talk Mary into doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be able to walk for two or three days.
I didn't think that Tom would be absent.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid to do that if you did it with him.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be afraid.
I didn't think that Tom would be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be alone.
I didn't think that Tom would be amused by what was going on.
I didn't think that Tom would be amused.
I didn't think that Tom would be angry.
I didn't think that Tom would be annoyed.
I didn't think that Tom would be arrested.
I didn't think that Tom would be as busy as he thought he'd be.
I didn't think that Tom would be as busy today as he was yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be as careful as he was.
I didn't think that Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I didn't think that Tom would be asleep.
I didn't think that Tom would be at home yesterday afternoon.
I didn't think that Tom would be at school yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be at today's meeting.
I didn't think that Tom would be awake at this time of night.
I didn't think that Tom would be awake when I got home.
I didn't think that Tom would be back soon.
I didn't think that Tom would be back until tomorrow.
I didn't think that Tom would be back.
I didn't think that Tom would be barefoot.
I didn't think that Tom would be bored.
I didn't think that Tom would be broke.
I didn't think that Tom would be coming in this morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be concerned about that.
I didn't think that Tom would be confused by that.
I didn't think that Tom would be confused, but he was.
I didn't think that Tom would be cooperative.
I didn't think that Tom would be crazy enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be discouraged.
I didn't think that Tom would be disobedient.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be early.
I didn't think that Tom would be embarrassed by something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be embarrassed.
I didn't think that Tom would be finished by 2:30.
I didn't think that Tom would be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think that Tom would be fired for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be fired.
I didn't think that Tom would be first.
I didn't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be foolish enough to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be forgiven for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be forgiven.
I didn't think that Tom would be frightened.
I didn't think that Tom would be glad that happened.
I didn't think that Tom would be glad that that happened.
I didn't think that Tom would be here all day.
I didn't think that Tom would be here on time.
I didn't think that Tom would be here yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be here.
I didn't think that Tom would be hesitant to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be home last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be home yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would be impressed.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia all week.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia last weekend.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia this week.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Australia.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Boston this week.
I didn't think that Tom would be in Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office last Monday.
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office yesterday morning.
I didn't think that Tom would be in his office.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested in buying any of Mary's paintings.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested in doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be interested.
I didn't think that Tom would be jealous.
I didn't think that Tom would be last.
I didn't think that Tom would be late.
I didn't think that Tom would be lonely.
I didn't think that Tom would be mad.
I didn't think that Tom would be motivated to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be nervous doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be nervous.
I didn't think that Tom would be opposed to doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would be permitted to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be prepared.
I didn't think that Tom would be present at yesterday's meeting.
I didn't think that Tom would be present.
I didn't think that Tom would be punctual.
I didn't think that Tom would be punished.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready to do that until next year.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be ready.
I didn't think that Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.
I didn't think that Tom would be so angry.
I didn't think that Tom would be so busy.
I didn't think that Tom would be so depressed.
I didn't think that Tom would be so determined to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be so difficult to get along with.
I didn't think that Tom would be so discouraged.
I didn't think that Tom would be so excited.
I didn't think that Tom would be so happy.
I didn't think that Tom would be so hungry.
I didn't think that Tom would be so impatient.
I didn't think that Tom would be so interested.
I didn't think that Tom would be so mad.
I didn't think that Tom would be so obedient.
I didn't think that Tom would be so passionate.
I didn't think that Tom would be so picky.
I didn't think that Tom would be so sad.
I didn't think that Tom would be so strict.
I didn't think that Tom would be so stubborn.
I didn't think that Tom would be so successful.
I didn't think that Tom would be so tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be so upset.
I didn't think that Tom would be so worried.
I didn't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be stupid enough to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be surprised.
I didn't think that Tom would be suspicious.
I didn't think that Tom would be sympathetic.
I didn't think that Tom would be tempted to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be the first one to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be the last one to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be there.
I didn't think that Tom would be tired.
I didn't think that Tom would be too busy to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be too busy to help us.
I didn't think that Tom would be too tired to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be too weak to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be truthful.
I didn't think that Tom would be upset if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would be upset.
I didn't think that Tom would be welcomed.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to help us.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his guitar.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to lend me his new bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would be worried about something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would be worried.
I didn't think that Tom would believe Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would believe us.
I didn't think that Tom would betray me.
I didn't think that Tom would buy that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would care if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would care whether I did that or not.
I didn't think that Tom would change his mind.
I didn't think that Tom would change.
I didn't think that Tom would come back.
I didn't think that Tom would come in this morning.
I didn't think that Tom would come to my party.
I didn't think that Tom would come.
I didn't think that Tom would cry.
I didn't think that Tom would deny it.
I didn't think that Tom would do anything.
I didn't think that Tom would do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would do that again.
I didn't think that Tom would do that anymore.
I didn't think that Tom would do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would do that either.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for me.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for us.
I didn't think that Tom would do that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would do that on purpose.
I didn't think that Tom would do that, too.
I didn't think that Tom would do that.
I didn't think that Tom would do this kind of thing.
I didn't think that Tom would do this.
I didn't think that Tom would do what you said he did.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy that movie.
I didn't think that Tom would enjoy this movie.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to afford to buy a house.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever be able to walk again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever come back here again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever come back to Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would ever consider doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do something like that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do that again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever do that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forget that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive me for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever forgive me.
I didn't think that Tom would ever get married.
I didn't think that Tom would ever leave his wife.
I didn't think that Tom would ever let me read his diary.
I didn't think that Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would ever propose.
I didn't think that Tom would ever really do that.
I didn't think that Tom would ever speak to me again.
I didn't think that Tom would ever stop doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would forget that.
I didn't think that Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would get fired for doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would get fired.
I didn't think that Tom would get here on time.
I didn't think that Tom would get the job.
I didn't think that Tom would give it back.
I didn't think that Tom would give up like that.
I didn't think that Tom would give you the keys.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Australia by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Australia.
I didn't think that Tom would go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would have any problems.
I didn't think that Tom would have fun doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would have that problem.
I didn't think that Tom would have the courage to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have the guts to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have the time to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would have to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would hear us.
I didn't think that Tom would help Mary do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help me do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help me with my homework.
I didn't think that Tom would help us do that.
I didn't think that Tom would help us.
I didn't think that Tom would hire a private detective.
I didn't think that Tom would hurt Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would kiss Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would kiss me.
I didn't think that Tom would know how to do that, but he did.
I didn't think that Tom would know how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would leave his wife.
I didn't think that Tom would let Mary win.
I didn't think that Tom would let me borrow his car.
I didn't think that Tom would let me down.
I didn't think that Tom would let me drive his new sports car.
I didn't think that Tom would let me help him.
I didn't think that Tom would let me kiss him.
I didn't think that Tom would let me ride his horse.
I didn't think that Tom would let me win.
I didn't think that Tom would let you do that.
I didn't think that Tom would let you drive his car.
I didn't think that Tom would let you win.
I didn't think that Tom would lie to you.
I didn't think that Tom would lie.
I didn't think that Tom would like Boston.
I didn't think that Tom would like Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would like doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if I did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it if we did that.
I didn't think that Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
I didn't think that Tom would like it.
I didn't think that Tom would like living here.
I didn't think that Tom would like me.
I didn't think that Tom would like that.
I didn't think that Tom would like the soup I made.
I didn't think that Tom would like the soup that I made.
I didn't think that Tom would like this place.
I didn't think that Tom would like this.
I didn't think that Tom would like you.
I didn't think that Tom would likely do that.
I didn't think that Tom would listen to you.
I didn't think that Tom would lose.
I didn't think that Tom would make a very good boss.
I didn't think that Tom would make a very good husband.
I didn't think that Tom would mind buying that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind doing that for you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind helping you.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if I used his bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if we did that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind if you did that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
I didn't think that Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would mind.
I didn't think that Tom would need to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would notice.
I didn't think that Tom would pass last week's history test.
I didn't think that Tom would permit Mary to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would permit me to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would permit you to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would really do that by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would really do that.
I didn't think that Tom would really enjoy doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would really enjoy playing tennis with Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I didn't think that Tom would really want that.
I didn't think that Tom would really want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would really win.
I didn't think that Tom would refuse to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would regret doing that.
I didn't think that Tom would remember me.
I didn't think that Tom would resign.
I didn't think that Tom would say that to Mary.
I didn't think that Tom would say that.
I didn't think that Tom would say yes.
I didn't think that Tom would sell anything.
I didn't think that Tom would sing.
I didn't think that Tom would stay so long.
I didn't think that Tom would still be angry.
I didn't think that Tom would still be awake.
I didn't think that Tom would still be downstairs.
I didn't think that Tom would still be jealous.
I didn't think that Tom would still be mad.
I didn't think that Tom would still be nervous.
I didn't think that Tom would still be willing to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would swim by himself.
I didn't think that Tom would swim yesterday.
I didn't think that Tom would swim.
I didn't think that Tom would tell anybody.
I didn't think that Tom would tell anyone.
I didn't think that Tom would try to do that without our help.
I didn't think that Tom would understand that.
I didn't think that Tom would understand.
I didn't think that Tom would wait very long.
I didn't think that Tom would want to do that.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go drinking with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go to Boston with you.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go to the zoo with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to go with us.
I didn't think that Tom would want to sing.
I didn't think that Tom would want to talk about that.
I didn't think that Tom would want your old bicycle.
I didn't think that Tom would win.
I didn't think that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't think that Tom wrote anything.
I didn't think that Tom's French pronunciation was very good.
I didn't think that Tom's jokes were particularly funny.
I didn't think that Tom's performance was very good.
I didn't think that Tom's plan was feasible.
I didn't think that Tom's speech was boring.
I didn't think that anybody cared.
I didn't think that anybody could do that.
I didn't think that anybody could do this.
I didn't think that anybody could help me.
I didn't think that anybody could've done better than you did.
I didn't think that anybody did that.
I didn't think that anybody else could do my job.
I didn't think that anybody else had noticed.
I didn't think that anybody else wanted to come.
I didn't think that anybody had ever done that before.
I didn't think that anybody had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think that anybody had told Tom yet.
I didn't think that anybody had tried that before.
I didn't think that anybody knew that yet.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what we did.
I didn't think that anybody noticed what you did.
I didn't think that anybody really expected you to be here.
I didn't think that anybody really expected you to help.
I didn't think that anybody really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think that anybody really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think that anybody saw us.
I didn't think that anybody suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think that anybody was going to help you.
I didn't think that anybody was here yesterday.
I didn't think that anybody was satisfied.
I didn't think that anybody would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think that anybody would dispute that.
I didn't think that anybody would like Tom.
I didn't think that anyone could do that.
I didn't think that anyone could do this.
I didn't think that anyone could help me.
I didn't think that anyone could've done better than you did.
I didn't think that anyone did that.
I didn't think that anyone else could do my job.
I didn't think that anyone else had noticed.
I didn't think that anyone else wanted to come.
I didn't think that anyone had ever done that before.
I didn't think that anyone had ever done that kind of a thing before.
I didn't think that anyone had told Tom yet.
I didn't think that anyone had tried that before.
I didn't think that anyone knew that yet.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what Tom did.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what we did.
I didn't think that anyone noticed what you did.
I didn't think that anyone really expected you to be here.
I didn't think that anyone really expected you to help.
I didn't think that anyone really thought Tom was busy.
I didn't think that anyone really thought Tom was happy.
I didn't think that anyone saw us.
I didn't think that anyone suspected you weren't Tom.
I didn't think that anyone was going to help you.
I didn't think that anyone was here yesterday.
I didn't think that anyone was satisfied.
I didn't think that anyone would disagree with that statement.
I didn't think that anyone would dispute that.
I didn't think that anyone would like Tom.
I didn't think that anyone would recognize me.
I didn't think that could be your invention.
I didn't think that doing that would be that easy.
I didn't think that it tasted very good.
I didn't think that it was funny.
I didn't think that it was right.
I didn't think that it was such a big deal.
I didn't think that it would be that easy to do that.
I didn't think that it would happen.
I didn't think that it would take so long time to do that.
I didn't think that it would turn out like this.
I didn't think that movie was interesting.
I didn't think that movie was very interesting.
I didn't think that our team was really this bad.
I didn't think that something like that would embarrass Tom.
I didn't think that that was fair.
I didn't think that that was funny.
I didn't think that that would happen.
I didn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't think that the pain would ever stop.
I didn't think that the timing was right.
I didn't think that there was any chance that Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think that there was anybody I knew in Australia.
I didn't think that there was anyone I knew in Australia.
I didn't think that there was anything wrong with Tom.
I didn't think that this book was very interesting.
I didn't think that this would happen again.
I didn't think that this would happen.
I didn't think that university would be so much fun.
I didn't think that was any fun.
I didn't think that was fair.
I didn't think that was funny.
I didn't think that was going to happen.
I didn't think that was it.
I didn't think that was possible.
I didn't think that was supposed to happen.
I didn't think that we could afford to buy a house.
I didn't think that we could count on Tom.
I didn't think that we could do anything about that.
I didn't think that we could do anything for Tom.
I didn't think that we could do it that soon.
I didn't think that we could do that by 2:30.
I didn't think that we could do that by Monday.
I didn't think that we could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that we could do that.
I didn't think that we could get home by 2:30.
I didn't think that we could get home by Monday.
I didn't think that we could guarantee your safety.
I didn't think that we could help you.
I didn't think that we could make an exception.
I didn't think that we could pull that off.
I didn't think that we could risk that.
I didn't think that we could take care of ourselves.
I didn't think that we could take that risk.
I didn't think that we could wait any longer.
I didn't think that we could win.
I didn't think that we did anything wrong.
I didn't think that we did that right.
I didn't think that we had a choice.
I didn't think that we had any chance of winning.
I didn't think that we had any choice.
I didn't think that we had enough food to feed everybody.
I didn't think that we had enough food to feed everyone.
I didn't think that we had enough food.
I didn't think that we had enough money.
I didn't think that we had enough time to do that.
I didn't think that we had enough time.
I didn't think that we had much time.
I didn't think that we had that kind of time.
I didn't think that we had the time for that.
I didn't think that we had to do anything else.
I didn't think that we had to do that.
I didn't think that we had to do this.
I didn't think that we had to go any further.
I didn't think that we had to stay here any longer.
I didn't think that we had to wait for Tom.
I didn't think that we needed permission to do this.
I didn't think that we needed that.
I didn't think that we needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think that we needed to do that.
I didn't think that we needed to wait for Tom.
I didn't think that we needed to worry.
I didn't think that we ought to be doing that.
I didn't think that we ought to do that.
I didn't think that we really had to do that.
I didn't think that we really needed to attend that meeting.
I didn't think that we really needed to do that.
I didn't think that we should agree to do that.
I didn't think that we should ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think that we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I didn't think that we should be doing that.
I didn't think that we should be talking about that.
I didn't think that we should be talking to each other.
I didn't think that we should buy this.
I didn't think that we should compromise.
I didn't think that we should do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't think that we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I didn't think that we should do that.
I didn't think that we should even consider buying a new car at that time.
I didn't think that we should get involved.
I didn't think that we should go outside in the storm.
I didn't think that we should go to Tom's party.
I didn't think that we should hang around.
I didn't think that we should leave Tom there by himself.
I didn't think that we should leave so early.
I didn't think that we should leave the door unlocked.
I didn't think that we should open the window.
I didn't think that we should pay that much.
I didn't think that we should shut the window.
I didn't think that we should stay at that hotel.
I didn't think that we should stay.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about that.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't think that we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I didn't think that we should touch anything.
I didn't think that we should trust Tom.
I didn't think that we should try doing that again.
I didn't think that we should wait any longer.
I didn't think that we should wait.
I didn't think that we were ever going to find out who did that.
I didn't think that we were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think that we were going to make it on time.
I didn't think that we were going to need Tom's help.
I didn't think that we were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think that we were ready.
I didn't think that we would need this.
I didn't think that we'd be able to do that.
I didn't think that we'd be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I didn't think that we'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that we'd be welcome here.
I didn't think that we'd find anybody who could do that for us.
I didn't think that we'd find anyone who could do that for us.
I didn't think that we'd have any chance of winning.
I didn't think that we'd have any problem with raising the money we needed.
I didn't think that we'd have enough food to feed everybody.
I didn't think that we'd have enough time.
I didn't think that we'd have to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that we'd meet again.
I didn't think that we'd need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't think that we'd need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think that we'd reach Boston before dark.
I didn't think that we'd see Tom again.
I didn't think that we'd see each other again.
I didn't think that we'd win.
I didn't think that what I did was wrong.
I didn't think that what Tom did was wrong.
I didn't think that what Tom said made any sense.
I didn't think that what Tom said was accurate.
I didn't think that what Tom said was true.
I didn't think that what Tom was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
I didn't think that what we did was illegal.
I didn't think that would embarrass Tom.
I didn't think that would embarrass you.
I didn't think that would ever happen.
I didn't think that would frighten Tom.
I didn't think that would happen.
I didn't think that you and I could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that you and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think that you could beat me.
I didn't think that you could change it.
I didn't think that you could convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think that you could dance.
I didn't think that you could do that by yourself.
I didn't think that you could do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you could do that without my help.
I didn't think that you could do that.
I didn't think that you could eat all that.
I didn't think that you could help us.
I didn't think that you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I didn't think that you could persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you could sell that.
I didn't think that you could stop Tom from doing that.
I didn't think that you could win.
I didn't think that you even liked Tom.
I didn't think that you had a choice.
I didn't think that you had all the facts.
I didn't think that you had any other choice.
I didn't think that you had the guts.
I didn't think that you had to do that today.
I didn't think that you had to do that.
I didn't think that you heard me the first time.
I didn't think that you heard me.
I didn't think that you meant that.
I didn't think that you needed to do that.
I didn't think that you realized what you were doing.
I didn't think that you really believed that.
I didn't think that you really had to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you really had to do that.
I didn't think that you really needed to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you really needed to do that.
I didn't think that you really understood.
I didn't think that you really wanted to do that.
I didn't think that you really wanted to know.
I didn't think that you tried hard enough.
I didn't think that you two should get married.
I didn't think that you wanted that.
I didn't think that you were allowed to do that here.
I didn't think that you were allowed to do that.
I didn't think that you were awake.
I didn't think that you were busy.
I didn't think that you were coming.
I didn't think that you were funny.
I didn't think that you were going to be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you were going to be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you were going to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you were going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I didn't think that you were in Australia.
I didn't think that you were jealous.
I didn't think that you were listening to me.
I didn't think that you were lying.
I didn't think that you were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think that you were ready.
I didn't think that you were smart enough to get into Harvard.
I didn't think that you were supposed to be here.
I didn't think that you were telling the truth.
I didn't think that you were the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't think that you were the kind of person who would do that.
I didn't think that you were the right person for the job.
I didn't think that you were trying hard enough.
I didn't think that you were wrong.
I didn't think that you would be able to do that.
I didn't think that you would do that.
I didn't think that you would have to do that.
I didn't think that you would need to do that.
I didn't think that you would show up.
I didn't think that you would still want to see me.
I didn't think that you would want to do that.
I didn't think that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be able to win.
I didn't think that you'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be alone.
I didn't think that you'd be amused by what was happening.
I didn't think that you'd be coming.
I didn't think that you'd be crying.
I didn't think that you'd be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you'd be early.
I didn't think that you'd be first.
I didn't think that you'd be here.
I didn't think that you'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't think that you'd be interested in doing that.
I didn't think that you'd be jealous.
I didn't think that you'd be late.
I didn't think that you'd be nervous.
I didn't think that you'd be permitted to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be ready.
I didn't think that you'd be so careless.
I didn't think that you'd be tempted to do that.
I didn't think that you'd be worried.
I didn't think that you'd buy that.
I didn't think that you'd come.
I didn't think that you'd do that by yourself.
I didn't think that you'd do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you'd do that.
I didn't think that you'd enjoy it.
I didn't think that you'd ever be able to do that.
I didn't think that you'd ever met Tom.
I didn't think that you'd ever speak to me again.
I didn't think that you'd get it.
I didn't think that you'd go to Australia by yourself.
I didn't think that you'd go to Australia.
I didn't think that you'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think that you'd have that problem.
I didn't think that you'd have the same problems I had.
I didn't think that you'd have the time to do that today.
I didn't think that you'd have to wait for more than three hours.
I didn't think that you'd like it.
I didn't think that you'd like that.
I didn't think that you'd like this movie.
I didn't think that you'd like this.
I didn't think that you'd make fun of me.
I didn't think that you'd make it.
I didn't think that you'd noticed.
I didn't think that you'd talk to me.
I didn't think that you'd understand it.
I didn't think that you'd understand what I said.
I didn't think that you'd understand.
I didn't think that you'd want to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think that you'd want to see me again.
I didn't think that you'd win.
I didn't think that your wife was so old.
I didn't think that's what we should have been doing.
I didn't think that's what we should've been doing.
I didn't think the American people would reelect George W. Bush.
I didn't think the book was as boring as Tom thought it was.
I didn't think the book was awfully boring like Tom said.
I didn't think the hotel business was going to be this hard.
I didn't think the house would burn down so quickly.
I didn't think the jokes Tom told were funny.
I didn't think the judge's decision was fair.
I didn't think the meeting would be so long.
I didn't think the movie was as funny as Tom thought it was.
I didn't think the movie was as good as Tom thought it was.
I didn't think the pain would ever stop.
I didn't think the party was as much fun as Tom thought it was.
I didn't think the rain would last so long.
I didn't think the situation was so severe.
I didn't think the timing was right.
I didn't think there was any chance Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think there was any chance that Tom would forget to do that.
I didn't think there was any difference.
I didn't think there was any reason we had to do that.
I didn't think there was any reason we needed to do that.
I didn't think there was any reason why we had to do that.
I didn't think there was any reason why we needed to do that.
I didn't think there was anybody I knew in Australia.
I didn't think there was anybody I knew in Boston.
I didn't think there was anyone I knew in Australia.
I didn't think there was anything wrong with Tom.
I didn't think there would be a problem.
I didn't think this book was very interesting.
I didn't think this was your seat.
I didn't think this would be possible.
I didn't think this would happen.
I didn't think to grab my purse.
I didn't think too much about it.
I didn't think too much of it.
I didn't think twice and jumped on the first plane.
I didn't think twice.
I didn't think university was going to be this fun.
I didn't think we could afford to buy a house.
I didn't think we could count on Tom.
I didn't think we could do anything about that.
I didn't think we could do anything for Tom.
I didn't think we could do it that soon.
I didn't think we could do that by 2:30.
I didn't think we could do that by Monday.
I didn't think we could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think we could do that.
I didn't think we could get home by 2:30.
I didn't think we could get home by Monday.
I didn't think we could guarantee your safety.
I didn't think we could help you.
I didn't think we could make an exception.
I didn't think we could pull that off.
I didn't think we could risk that.
I didn't think we could take care of ourselves.
I didn't think we could take that risk.
I didn't think we could wait any longer.
I didn't think we could win.
I didn't think we did anything wrong.
I didn't think we did that right.
I didn't think we did that.
I didn't think we had a choice.
I didn't think we had any chance of winning.
I didn't think we had any choice.
I didn't think we had enough food to feed everybody.
I didn't think we had enough food to feed everyone.
I didn't think we had enough food.
I didn't think we had enough money.
I didn't think we had enough time to do that.
I didn't think we had enough time.
I didn't think we had much time.
I didn't think we had that kind of time.
I didn't think we had the time for that.
I didn't think we had to do anything else.
I didn't think we had to do that.
I didn't think we had to do this.
I didn't think we had to go any further.
I didn't think we had to stay here any longer.
I didn't think we had to wait for Tom.
I didn't think we needed permission to do this.
I didn't think we needed that.
I didn't think we needed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think we needed to do that.
I didn't think we needed to wait for Tom.
I didn't think we needed to worry.
I didn't think we ought to be doing that.
I didn't think we ought to do that.
I didn't think we really had to do that.
I didn't think we really needed to attend that meeting.
I didn't think we really needed to do that.
I didn't think we should agree to do that.
I didn't think we should ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I didn't think we should be doing that.
I didn't think we should be talking about that.
I didn't think we should be talking to each other.
I didn't think we should buy this.
I didn't think we should compromise.
I didn't think we should do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't think we should do that the way Tom told us to.
I didn't think we should do that.
I didn't think we should even consider buying a new car at that time.
I didn't think we should get involved.
I didn't think we should go outside in the storm.
I didn't think we should go to Tom's party.
I didn't think we should hang around.
I didn't think we should leave Tom there by himself.
I didn't think we should leave so early.
I didn't think we should leave the door unlocked.
I didn't think we should open the window.
I didn't think we should pay that much.
I didn't think we should shut the window.
I didn't think we should stay at that hotel.
I didn't think we should stay.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about that.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't think we should tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't think we should tell Tom what Mary did.
I didn't think we should touch anything.
I didn't think we should trust Tom.
I didn't think we should try doing that again.
I didn't think we should wait any longer.
I didn't think we should wait.
I didn't think we were ever going to find out who did that.
I didn't think we were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think we were going to make it on time.
I didn't think we were going to make it.
I didn't think we were going to need Tom's help.
I didn't think we were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think we were ready.
I didn't think we were violating any laws.
I didn't think we would be so busy today.
I didn't think we would need this.
I didn't think we' be welcome here.
I didn't think we'd be able to do that.
I didn't think we'd be able to get in.
I didn't think we'd be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
I didn't think we'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think we'd be seeing so much of Tom.
I didn't think we'd find anybody who can could that for us.
I didn't think we'd find anyone who could do that for us.
I didn't think we'd get here on time.
I didn't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I didn't think we'd have any problem with raising the money we needed.
I didn't think we'd have enough food to feed everyone.
I didn't think we'd have enough time.
I didn't think we'd have to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think we'd meet again.
I didn't think we'd need it.
I didn't think we'd need to ask Tom to do that for us.
I didn't think we'd need to ask Tom to help us do that.
I didn't think we'd reach Boston before dark.
I didn't think we'd see Tom again.
I didn't think we'd see each other again.
I didn't think we'd win.
I didn't think what I did was wrong.
I didn't think what Tom did was funny.
I didn't think what Tom did was wrong.
I didn't think what Tom said made any sense.
I didn't think what Tom said was accurate.
I didn't think what Tom said was true.
I didn't think what we did was illegal.
I didn't think you and I could do that by ourselves.
I didn't think you and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
I didn't think you could beat me.
I didn't think you could change it.
I didn't think you could convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think you could do that by yourself.
I didn't think you could do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you could do that in less than three hours.
I didn't think you could do that without my help.
I didn't think you could do that without some help.
I didn't think you could do that.
I didn't think you could eat all that.
I didn't think you could keep it a secret.
I didn't think you could persuade Tom not to do that.
I didn't think you could persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think you could sell that.
I didn't think you could stop Tom from doing that.
I didn't think you could win.
I didn't think you even liked Tom.
I didn't think you even liked me.
I didn't think you had a choice.
I didn't think you had all the facts.
I didn't think you had any other choice.
I didn't think you had it in you.
I didn't think you had the guts.
I didn't think you had to do that anymore.
I didn't think you had to do that today.
I didn't think you had to do that.
I didn't think you heard me the first time.
I didn't think you heard me.
I didn't think you knew how to do that.
I didn't think you knew my wife.
I didn't think you meant that.
I didn't think you needed one.
I didn't think you needed to do that again.
I didn't think you needed to do that anymore.
I didn't think you needed to do that.
I didn't think you noticed.
I didn't think you realized what you were doing.
I didn't think you really believed that.
I didn't think you really had to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you really had to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you really had to do that today.
I didn't think you really had to do that.
I didn't think you really knew how to do that.
I didn't think you really needed to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you really needed to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you really needed to do that today.
I didn't think you really needed to do that.
I didn't think you really understood.
I didn't think you really wanted to do that.
I didn't think you really wanted to know.
I didn't think you should do that.
I didn't think you tried hard enough.
I didn't think you two should get married.
I didn't think you wanted that.
I didn't think you wanted to do that.
I didn't think you went to college.
I didn't think you were Tom's type.
I didn't think you were allowed to do that here.
I didn't think you were allowed to do that.
I didn't think you were awake.
I didn't think you were busy.
I didn't think you were coming.
I didn't think you were doing that anymore.
I didn't think you were funny.
I didn't think you were going to allow Tom to do that.
I didn't think you were going to allow me to do that.
I didn't think you were going to ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to quit doing that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that in less than three hours.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that by yourself.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't think you were going to be doing that here.
I didn't think you were going to be ready to do that.
I didn't think you were going to do that again.
I didn't think you were going to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you were going to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you were going to enjoy doing that.
I didn't think you were going to forget to do that.
I didn't think you were going to have the chance to meet Tom.
I didn't think you were going to have to do that again.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom do that again.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom do that.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive your car again.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive.
I didn't think you were going to like doing that.
I didn't think you were going to make it.
I didn't think you were going to need to do that.
I didn't think you were her type.
I didn't think you were his type.
I didn't think you were home.
I didn't think you were in Australia.
I didn't think you were in Boston.
I didn't think you were in your office on Mondays.
I didn't think you were interested in doing that.
I didn't think you were interested in modern art.
I didn't think you were interested.
I didn't think you were jealous.
I didn't think you were like that.
I didn't think you were listening to me.
I didn't think you were lonely.
I didn't think you were lying.
I didn't think you were needed.
I didn't think you were ready to do that yet.
I didn't think you were ready to do that.
I didn't think you were ready.
I didn't think you were scared.
I didn't think you were smart enough to get into Harvard.
I didn't think you were so old.
I didn't think you were still alive.
I didn't think you were supposed to be here.
I didn't think you were telling the truth.
I didn't think you were that kind of person.
I didn't think you were the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
I didn't think you were the kind of person who would do that.
I didn't think you were the right person for the job.
I didn't think you were through doing that.
I didn't think you were trying hard enough.
I didn't think you were wrong.
I didn't think you would be able to do that.
I didn't think you would be so careless.
I didn't think you would be the first one to do that.
I didn't think you would be the last one to do that.
I didn't think you would come.
I didn't think you would do such a thing.
I didn't think you would do that.
I didn't think you would have to do that.
I didn't think you would need to do that.
I didn't think you would show up.
I didn't think you would turn me down.
I didn't think you would want to do that.
I didn't think you would win the race.
I didn't think you'd actually do that.
I didn't think you'd actually try doing that.
I didn't think you'd allow Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd allow me to do that.
I didn't think you'd allow us to do that.
I didn't think you'd ask Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd ask Tom to help you.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to quit doing that.
I didn't think you'd be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that in less than three hours.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that without any help.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that without some help.
I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to get Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to move the sofa without my help.
I didn't think you'd be able to persuade Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd be able to win.
I didn't think you'd be absent all week.
I didn't think you'd be afraid of Tom's dog.
I didn't think you'd be allowed to do that.
I didn't think you'd be alone.
I didn't think you'd be amused by what was happening.
I didn't think you'd be at today's meeting.
I didn't think you'd be awake when I got home last night.
I didn't think you'd be awake when I got home.
I didn't think you'd be back so soon.
I didn't think you'd be busy this morning.
I didn't think you'd be busy.
I didn't think you'd be coming.
I didn't think you'd be crying.
I didn't think you'd be doing that by yourself.
I didn't think you'd be doing that by yourselves.
I didn't think you'd be doing that for so long.
I didn't think you'd be doing that here.
I didn't think you'd be doing that today.
I didn't think you'd be doing that.
I didn't think you'd be drinking so early in the day.
I didn't think you'd be drunk so early in the day.
I didn't think you'd be early.
I didn't think you'd be embarrassed by that.
I didn't think you'd be embarrassed.
I didn't think you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I didn't think you'd be first.
I didn't think you'd be here so soon.
I didn't think you'd be here this early.
I didn't think you'd be here today.
I didn't think you'd be here, but I'm glad you are.
I didn't think you'd be here.
I didn't think you'd be impressed.
I didn't think you'd be in Australia this week.
I didn't think you'd be in Boston this week.
I didn't think you'd be in today.
I didn't think you'd be interested in doing that.
I didn't think you'd be interested.
I didn't think you'd be jealous.
I didn't think you'd be late.
I didn't think you'd be lonely.
I didn't think you'd be motivated to do that.
I didn't think you'd be nervous doing that.
I didn't think you'd be nervous.
I didn't think you'd be permitted to do that.
I didn't think you'd be punctual.
I didn't think you'd be ready to do that.
I didn't think you'd be ready to leave.
I didn't think you'd be ready.
I didn't think you'd be reluctant to do that.
I didn't think you'd be scared.
I didn't think you'd be so angry.
I didn't think you'd be so annoyed.
I didn't think you'd be so careless.
I didn't think you'd be so early.
I didn't think you'd be so jealous.
I didn't think you'd be so late.
I didn't think you'd be so mad.
I didn't think you'd be so upset.
I didn't think you'd be surprised.
I didn't think you'd be tempted to do that.
I didn't think you'd be that unlucky.
I didn't think you'd be up so early in the morning.
I didn't think you'd be worried about that.
I didn't think you'd be worried.
I didn't think you'd believe me.
I didn't think you'd buy that.
I didn't think you'd catch any fish.
I didn't think you'd come back.
I didn't think you'd come so early.
I didn't think you'd come so soon.
I didn't think you'd come to my party.
I didn't think you'd come while Tom and Mary were here.
I didn't think you'd come while Tom was here.
I didn't think you'd come.
I didn't think you'd dance.
I didn't think you'd do that again.
I didn't think you'd do that by yourself.
I didn't think you'd do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you'd do that.
I didn't think you'd eat that.
I didn't think you'd eat what I made.
I didn't think you'd enjoy Tom's concert.
I didn't think you'd enjoy doing that.
I didn't think you'd enjoy it.
I didn't think you'd enjoy that movie.
I didn't think you'd enjoy the party.
I didn't think you'd ever be able to do that.
I didn't think you'd ever met Tom.
I didn't think you'd ever speak to me again.
I didn't think you'd forget to do that.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Mary what she had to do.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom and Mary what they had to do.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what he had to do.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what needed to be done.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what time the meeting was.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom what to do.
I didn't think you'd get here so fast.
I didn't think you'd get here so quickly.
I didn't think you'd get here so soon.
I didn't think you'd get injured.
I didn't think you'd get it.
I didn't think you'd give up like that.
I didn't think you'd go to Australia by yourself.
I didn't think you'd go to Australia.
I didn't think you'd go to Boston by yourself.
I didn't think you'd go to Boston.
I didn't think you'd have any problems.
I didn't think you'd have fun doing that.
I didn't think you'd have much fun doing that.
I didn't think you'd have that problem.
I didn't think you'd have the same problems I had.
I didn't think you'd have the time to do that today.
I didn't think you'd have to do that again.
I didn't think you'd have to do that.
I didn't think you'd have to wait for more than three hours.
I didn't think you'd leave so early.
I didn't think you'd let Tom and Mary do that again.
I didn't think you'd let Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't think you'd let Tom do that again.
I didn't think you'd let Tom do that.
I didn't think you'd let Tom drive.
I didn't think you'd let me do that.
I didn't think you'd let me drive.
I didn't think you'd like Tom.
I didn't think you'd like doing that.
I didn't think you'd like it.
I didn't think you'd like my friends.
I didn't think you'd like that.
I didn't think you'd like the idea.
I didn't think you'd like this movie.
I didn't think you'd like this.
I didn't think you'd make fun of me.
I didn't think you'd make it.
I didn't think you'd mind.
I didn't think you'd need to do that.
I didn't think you'd notice that I wasn't there.
I didn't think you'd noticed.
I didn't think you'd permit Tom to do that.
I didn't think you'd really do that.
I didn't think you'd really want to do that.
I didn't think you'd remember me.
I didn't think you'd remember.
I didn't think you'd see us.
I didn't think you'd show me how to do that.
I didn't think you'd show up at Tom's party.
I didn't think you'd show up here.
I didn't think you'd show up.
I didn't think you'd talk to me.
I didn't think you'd tell me how to do that.
I didn't think you'd tell me.
I didn't think you'd understand it.
I didn't think you'd understand what I said.
I didn't think you'd understand.
I didn't think you'd want to do that by yourself.
I didn't think you'd want to do that by yourselves.
I didn't think you'd want to do that.
I didn't think you'd want to go with us.
I didn't think you'd want to miss this.
I didn't think you'd want to see me again.
I didn't think you'd win.
I didn't think your approach would work.
I didn't think your plan would work.
I didn't think your wife was so old.
I didn't threaten her.
I didn't throw rocks at anybody.
I didn't throw rocks at anyone.
I didn't throw stuff at my teachers.
I didn't tie my dog to a tree.
I didn't to that! Honest to God!
I didn't totally get the point of your question.
I didn't touch Tom.
I didn't touch anything.
I didn't touch her.
I didn't touch him.
I didn't touch it.
I didn't touch them.
I didn't touch your guitar.
I didn't train as much as he did.
I didn't train properly.
I didn't translate a single sentence.
I didn't translate the last few sentences.
I didn't translate this sentence from French, but from Russian.
I didn't translate this text myself.
I didn't treat Tom well.
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me.
I didn't trust Tom at first.
I didn't trust Tom one bit.
I didn't trust anybody.
I didn't trust her at first.
I didn't trust him at all.
I didn't trust him at first.
I didn't try hard enough.
I didn't try the cheesecake, but it looked delicious.
I didn't try the corn.
I didn't try to be a hero.
I didn't try to do anything.
I didn't try to do too much.
I didn't try to do very much.
I didn't try to escape.
I didn't try to find out what was wrong.
I didn't try to go any further.
I didn't try to hide the truth.
I didn't try to kill Tom.
I didn't try to kill anybody.
I didn't try to kill her.
I didn't try to kill him.
I didn't try to kill myself.
I didn't try to kill them.
I didn't try to kiss Tom.
I didn't try to resist.
I didn't try to respond.
I didn't try to say anything.
I didn't try to stop Tom.
I didn't try to stop her.
I didn't try to stop him.
I didn't try to stop them.
I didn't try very hard.
I didn't turn around.
I didn't turn in my homework on time.
I didn't turn off the light.
I didn't understand French when I first moved here.
I didn't understand Mary's joke.
I didn't understand Tom's explanation.
I didn't understand Tom's joke.
I didn't understand Tom's message.
I didn't understand Tom.
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.
I didn't understand a single word from what Tom was saying.
I didn't understand a single word.
I didn't understand a thing.
I didn't understand a word of Berber.
I didn't understand a word that guy said.
I didn't understand a word you just said.
I didn't understand a word.
I didn't understand any of it.
I didn't understand any of that.
I didn't understand any of what Tom said.
I didn't understand anything Tom said.
I didn't understand anything at today's seminar.
I didn't understand anything he said.
I didn't understand anything of what she said.
I didn't understand anything she said.
I didn't understand anything that you just said.
I didn't understand anything that you said.
I didn't understand anything they said.
I didn't understand anything you just said.
I didn't understand anything you said.
I didn't understand anything!
I didn't understand anything, either.
I didn't understand anything.
I didn't understand anything. He was speaking English.
I didn't understand at all.
I didn't understand at first.
I didn't understand because they spoke in a low voice.
I didn't understand early.
I didn't understand everything Tom said.
I didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted me to do.
I didn't understand half of what Tom and Mary were saying.
I didn't understand half of what Tom was saying.
I didn't understand half of what he was saying.
I didn't understand half of what she was saying.
I didn't understand her at first.
I didn't understand her.
I didn't understand him.
I didn't understand his argument.
I didn't understand how close I had been to dying until later.
I didn't understand how to do that.
I didn't understand in the least what he said.
I didn't understand it at all.
I didn't understand it either.
I didn't understand it yet.
I didn't understand it, and Tom didn't understand it either.
I didn't understand it, and neither did Tom.
I didn't understand it.
I didn't understand much of what he said.
I didn't understand much of what they were talking about.
I didn't understand that at all.
I didn't understand that at first.
I didn't understand that either.
I didn't understand that joke.
I didn't understand that last sentence.
I didn't understand that.
I didn't understand the French sentence. I think the Spanish translation is the most accurate one.
I didn't understand the argument.
I didn't understand the humour.
I didn't understand the joke.
I didn't understand the last thing you said.
I didn't understand the meaning of the last line but one.
I didn't understand the meaning.
I didn't understand the message.
I didn't understand the point of this.
I didn't understand the purpose of the question at all.
I didn't understand the question.
I didn't understand the reason.
I didn't understand the second-to-the-last line.
I didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
I didn't understand them.
I didn't understand this joke.
I didn't understand this part.
I didn't understand this word.
I didn't understand what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
I didn't understand what Tom meant.
I didn't understand what Tom said at all.
I didn't understand what Tom said in French.
I didn't understand what Tom said.
I didn't understand what Tom wanted.
I didn't understand what Tom was saying.
I didn't understand what Tom was talking about.
I didn't understand what Tom was trying to say.
I didn't understand what Tom was trying to tell me.
I didn't understand what had happened.
I didn't understand what happened.
I didn't understand what he asked.
I didn't understand what he said at all.
I didn't understand what he said.
I didn't understand what he told me.
I didn't understand what he wanted to say.
I didn't understand what he wanted to tell me.
I didn't understand what it meant.
I didn't understand what she told me.
I didn't understand what she was talking about.
I didn't understand what the man said in French.
I didn't understand what the professor said.
I didn't understand what the teacher said.
I didn't understand what the writer was trying to say.
I didn't understand what they had said.
I didn't understand what they were saying.
I didn't understand what was being said.
I didn't understand what was going on there.
I didn't understand what was going on.
I didn't understand what was happening.
I didn't understand what you said.
I didn't understand what you wanted.
I didn't understand why Tom behaved that way.
I didn't understand why my dad didn't want me to join the military, since he joined when he was my age.
I didn't understand you.
I didn't understand your answer.
I didn't understand your explanation.
I didn't understand your joke.
I didn't understand your letter.
I didn't understand your question.
I didn't understand.
I didn't understand. Could you repeat that?
I didn't understand; where's the blood?
I didn't unlock that door.
I didn't use a flashlight.
I didn't use the computer tonight.
I didn't use the door.
I didn't use to be so fat.
I didn't use to care about my online privacy but lately an identity thief impersonated me and emptied my bank account.
I didn't use to do this.
I didn't use to like opera, but I enjoy it a lot now.
I didn't use to like to do that, but I do now.
I didn't use to like to watch horror movies, but I do now.
I didn't use to like watching horror movies, but I do now.
I didn't use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
I didn't use to like wine, but now I'm quite fond of it.
I didn't use to smoke.
I didn't use to watch so much television.
I didn't used to appreciate the gift of life.
I didn't utter a word.
I didn't violate my parole.
I didn't visit Argentina.
I didn't visit Australia.
I didn't visit Boston with Tom.
I didn't visit Boston.
I didn't visit Italy.
I didn't visit Russia.
I didn't visit Tom very often when he was in the hospital.
I didn't visit anybody last week.
I didn't visit anyone last week.
I didn't visit him because I had a cold.
I didn't visit the headquarters of Twitter.
I didn't visit the museum.
I didn't visit the village.
I didn't volunteer.
I didn't vote for Tom.
I didn't vote for anyone.
I didn't vote for her.
I didn't vote for him.
I didn't vote for them.
I didn't vote for you.
I didn't vote in the last election.
I didn't vote on the motion.
I didn't vote this year.
I didn't vote.
I didn't vow to harm them.
I didn't wait another second.
I didn't wait for Tom and went to look for Mary by myself.
I didn't wait for Tom to speak.
I didn't wait for Tom.
I didn't wait for an explanation.
I didn't wait for her.
I didn't wait for him.
I didn't wait for my turn.
I didn't wait for the bus.
I didn't wait for them.
I didn't wait in line.
I didn't wait very long.
I didn't wait.
I didn't wake Mary up and she slept for another three hours.
I didn't wake Mary up at 6:30 like she asked me to.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up and they slept for another three hours.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up at 6:30 like they asked me to.
I didn't wake Tom up and he slept for another three hours.
I didn't wake Tom up at 6:30 like he asked me to.
I didn't wake Tom up this morning like I was supposed to.
I didn't wake Tom up this morning like he asked me to.
I didn't wake up as early as I should have this morning.
I didn't wake up as early as I should've this morning.
I didn't wake up early enough to catch the first bus.
I didn't wake up early this morning.
I didn't wake up until noon.
I didn't wake up very early this morning.
I didn't wake up well this morning.
I didn't wake up yesterday.
I didn't wake you up, did I?
I didn't wake you, did I?
I didn't walk away disappointed.
I didn't walk for a year.
I didn't walk in my high school graduation ceremony.
I didn't walk to school this morning.
I didn't walk to school very often when I was in junior high school.
I didn't walk.
I didn't want Mary to do that, but she did it anyway.
I didn't want Mary to leave, but she left anyway.
I didn't want Tom and Mary to do that, but they did it anyway.
I didn't want Tom and Mary to leave, but they left anyway.
I didn't want Tom at my party.
I didn't want Tom at our wedding.
I didn't want Tom involved in this.
I didn't want Tom there.
I didn't want Tom to be alone.
I didn't want Tom to be angry.
I didn't want Tom to be disappointed.
I didn't want Tom to be in the room while I was on the phone.
I didn't want Tom to be unhappy.
I didn't want Tom to become a soldier.
I didn't want Tom to bother me.
I didn't want Tom to buy me an expensive engagement ring.
I didn't want Tom to buy that.
I didn't want Tom to come here.
I didn't want Tom to come to Australia.
I didn't want Tom to come to Boston.
I didn't want Tom to come to my party.
I didn't want Tom to come to our party.
I didn't want Tom to die.
I didn't want Tom to do that again.
I didn't want Tom to do that alone.
I didn't want Tom to do that anymore.
I didn't want Tom to do that by himself.
I didn't want Tom to do that for me.
I didn't want Tom to do that, but he did it anyway.
I didn't want Tom to do that.
I didn't want Tom to do what he did.
I didn't want Tom to drive my car.
I didn't want Tom to find me.
I didn't want Tom to find out the truth.
I didn't want Tom to find out.
I didn't want Tom to get a tattoo.
I didn't want Tom to get in any trouble.
I didn't want Tom to get in trouble.
I didn't want Tom to get involved.
I didn't want Tom to get nervous.
I didn't want Tom to get the wrong impression.
I didn't want Tom to give up.
I didn't want Tom to go anywhere without me.
I didn't want Tom to go hang gliding, but he went anyway.
I didn't want Tom to go hang gliding.
I didn't want Tom to go home by himself.
I didn't want Tom to go out after dark by himself.
I didn't want Tom to go out after dark.
I didn't want Tom to go shopping with Mary.
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia with Mary.
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia with me.
I didn't want Tom to go to Australia.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with me.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston with us.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston without me.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston, but he went anyway.
I didn't want Tom to go to Boston.
I didn't want Tom to go, but he went anyway.
I didn't want Tom to go.
I didn't want Tom to hate me.
I didn't want Tom to help Mary.
I didn't want Tom to help me do that.
I didn't want Tom to help me with my homework.
I didn't want Tom to help me.
I didn't want Tom to hold my hand.
I didn't want Tom to kiss me.
I didn't want Tom to know I couldn't do that.
I didn't want Tom to know I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't want Tom to know I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want Tom to know I didn't want to be there.
I didn't want Tom to know I was rich.
I didn't want Tom to know I wasn't going to do that.
I didn't want Tom to know I'd seen him.
I didn't want Tom to know about that.
I didn't want Tom to know that I couldn't do that.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want Tom to know that I didn't want to be there.
I didn't want Tom to know that I was rich.
I didn't want Tom to know that I wasn't going to do that.
I didn't want Tom to know that I'd seen him.
I didn't want Tom to know that.
I didn't want Tom to know the truth.
I didn't want Tom to know what I had done.
I didn't want Tom to know what I'd done.
I didn't want Tom to know what had happened.
I didn't want Tom to know where I lived.
I didn't want Tom to know.
I didn't want Tom to leave the house.
I didn't want Tom to leave, but he left anyway.
I didn't want Tom to leave.
I didn't want Tom to move to Australia.
I didn't want Tom to move to Boston.
I didn't want Tom to overhear our conversation.
I didn't want Tom to resign.
I didn't want Tom to say anything to Mary about seeing John kissing another woman.
I didn't want Tom to see me cry.
I didn't want Tom to see me in handcuffs.
I didn't want Tom to see me.
I didn't want Tom to see that.
I didn't want Tom to see this.
I didn't want Tom to see what I was doing.
I didn't want Tom to sing.
I didn't want Tom to speak to Mary.
I didn't want Tom to stay any longer.
I didn't want Tom to stay at my place.
I didn't want Tom to stay.
I didn't want Tom to stop doing that.
I didn't want Tom to suffer.
I didn't want Tom to take pictures.
I didn't want Tom to talk to Mary.
I didn't want Tom to tell Mary about what we did.
I didn't want Tom to think I was a jerk.
I didn't want Tom to think I was a wimp.
I didn't want Tom to think I was crazy.
I didn't want Tom to think I was stupid.
I didn't want Tom to think anything was wrong.
I didn't want Tom to think he had to help me.
I didn't want Tom to touch me.
I didn't want Tom to win.
I didn't want Tom to worry about that.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom worrying about me.
I didn't want Tom's help.
I didn't want Tom's money.
I didn't want a job.
I didn't want a party on my birthday.
I didn't want a party.
I didn't want a sandwich.
I didn't want any cake.
I didn't want any help.
I didn't want any misunderstandings.
I didn't want any more help.
I didn't want any more rice.
I didn't want any more to eat.
I didn't want any more trouble.
I didn't want any of it.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I couldn't do that.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I had been arrested before.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I had been in prison.
I didn't want any of my friends to know I was in prison.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I couldn't do that.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I had been arrested before.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I had been in prison.
I didn't want any of my friends to know that I was in prison.
I didn't want any of that.
I didn't want any pizza.
I didn't want anybody to feel sorry for me.
I didn't want anybody to hear me.
I didn't want anybody to know I was here.
I didn't want anybody to know I was rich.
I didn't want anybody to know about this.
I didn't want anybody to know that I was here.
I didn't want anybody to know that I was rich.
I didn't want anybody to know where I was.
I didn't want anybody to know.
I didn't want anybody's help.
I didn't want anyone else to know.
I didn't want anyone to feel sorry for me.
I didn't want anyone to go hungry.
I didn't want anyone to hear me.
I didn't want anyone to know I was here.
I didn't want anyone to know I was rich.
I didn't want anyone to know about this.
I didn't want anyone to know that I was here.
I didn't want anyone to know that I was rich.
I didn't want anyone to know what I was thinking.
I didn't want anyone to know what was in my heart.
I didn't want anyone to know where I was.
I didn't want anyone to know why I went there.
I didn't want anyone to know.
I didn't want anyone to see me doing that.
I didn't want anyone to see me with Tom.
I didn't want anyone to see me.
I didn't want anyone to see my painting until it was done.
I didn't want anyone to see that.
I didn't want anyone to talk to me.
I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy.
I didn't want anyone to think that I was crazy.
I didn't want anyone to worry about me.
I didn't want anything bad to happen.
I didn't want anything to do with Tom.
I didn't want anything to drink.
I didn't want anything to eat.
I didn't want anything.
I didn't want financial help from Tom.
I didn't want her to bother me.
I didn't want her to die.
I didn't want her to get that close to me.
I didn't want her to hear too.
I didn't want her to know.
I didn't want her to leave.
I didn't want her to see me like that.
I didn't want her to see me.
I didn't want her to stop kissing me.
I didn't want her to worry.
I didn't want him to bother me.
I didn't want him to die.
I didn't want him to hear too.
I didn't want him to leave.
I didn't want him to see me like that.
I didn't want him to see me.
I didn't want him to stop kissing me.
I didn't want him to worry.
I didn't want his help, but I had to accept it.
I didn't want it anyway.
I didn't want it to end like this.
I didn't want it to end this way.
I didn't want it to happen that way.
I didn't want it to happen this way.
I didn't want it to happen.
I didn't want it to see me.
I didn't want it to suffer.
I didn't want it!
I didn't want it.
I didn't want milk.
I didn't want my friends to see me cry.
I didn't want my mom to know.
I didn't want my mother and father to worry.
I didn't want my mum to find out.
I didn't want my mum to know.
I didn't want my neighbors to see me naked.
I didn't want my parents to find out.
I didn't want my parents to know I was drunk.
I didn't want my parents to know that I was drunk.
I didn't want my parents to worry.
I didn't want my picture taken.
I didn't want one.
I didn't want people to think I was hypocritical.
I didn't want pity.
I didn't want that as badly as Tom did.
I didn't want that job.
I didn't want that to happen again.
I didn't want that to happen.
I didn't want that.
I didn't want the baby to catch a cold, so I closed the window.
I didn't want the job.
I didn't want the money.
I didn't want the party to end.
I didn't want the present Tom gave me.
I didn't want the same thing to happen again.
I didn't want the same thing to happen here.
I didn't want the same thing to happen to me.
I didn't want the same thing to happen to us.
I didn't want the same things Tom wanted.
I didn't want the story to end.
I didn't want the truth to come out.
I didn't want them to bother me.
I didn't want them to die.
I didn't want them to leave.
I didn't want them to see me.
I didn't want them to worry.
I didn't want there to be any misunderstanding.
I didn't want there to be any trouble.
I didn't want things end like this.
I didn't want things to be like this.
I didn't want things to change.
I didn't want things to end like this.
I didn't want things to end up like this.
I didn't want this at all.
I didn't want this to happen.
I didn't want this.
I didn't want to accept the gift, but she insisted.
I didn't want to add this hoodlum as a friend on Twitter.
I didn't want to admit I couldn't do that.
I didn't want to admit I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't want to admit I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want to admit I was scared.
I didn't want to admit I was the one who broke the window.
I didn't want to admit I was the one who had broken the window.
I didn't want to admit I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit I wasn't able to do that.
I didn't want to admit Tom was right and that I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit that I couldn't do that.
I didn't want to admit that I didn't know how to do that.
I didn't want to admit that I didn't know what to do.
I didn't want to admit that I was scared.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who broke the window.
I didn't want to admit that I was the one who had broken the window.
I didn't want to admit that I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit that I wasn't able to do that.
I didn't want to admit that Tom and Mary were right and that I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit that Tom was right and that I was wrong.
I didn't want to admit that.
I didn't want to alarm the students.
I didn't want to alarm you.
I didn't want to annoy you.
I didn't want to answer Tom's and Mary's questions.
I didn't want to answer Tom's question.
I didn't want to answer Tom's questions.
I didn't want to answer Tom.
I didn't want to answer that question.
I didn't want to answer the question.
I didn't want to answer the questions that Tom asked me.
I didn't want to antagonize Tom.
I didn't want to apologize.
I didn't want to appear hypocritical.
I didn't want to appear weak.
I didn't want to argue with Tom, so I left.
I didn't want to argue with Tom.
I didn't want to argue with him about who was right.
I didn't want to ask Tom for help.
I didn't want to ask Tom to do that.
I didn't want to ask Tom to help me.
I didn't want to ask for help.
I didn't want to ask you to do that.
I didn't want to attend the party.
I didn't want to attract attention.
I didn't want to back down.
I didn't want to be a burden.
I didn't want to be a farmer like my father.
I didn't want to be a freak.
I didn't want to be a part of that.
I didn't want to be a snitch.
I didn't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
I didn't want to be alone with Tom.
I didn't want to be apart from you.
I didn't want to be around Tom.
I didn't want to be born as a human, but as a rabbit.
I didn't want to be bothered.
I didn't want to be caught.
I didn't want to be defeated in front of my friends.
I didn't want to be disrespectful.
I didn't want to be disturbed.
I didn't want to be found.
I didn't want to be here in the first place.
I didn't want to be here today.
I didn't want to be in the way.
I didn't want to be interrupted.
I didn't want to be last.
I didn't want to be late for my first class.
I didn't want to be late for school, so I ran as fast as I could.
I didn't want to be late.
I didn't want to be laughed at.
I didn't want to be left alone.
I didn't want to be noticed.
I didn't want to be on Tom's team.
I didn't want to be presumptuous.
I didn't want to be punished.
I didn't want to be seen talking to Tom.
I didn't want to be seen with Tom.
I didn't want to be seen.
I didn't want to be the first one to do that.
I didn't want to be the last one to do that.
I didn't want to be the one who had to do that.
I didn't want to be there and Tom didn't either.
I didn't want to be there.
I didn't want to be too forward.
I didn't want to become a doctor, but my parents wanted me to become a doctor.
I didn't want to believe it myself.
I didn't want to believe it.
I didn't want to believe that.
I didn't want to believe the things Tom said about Mary yesterday.
I didn't want to believe you.
I didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I didn't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I didn't want to bother Tom while he was studying.
I didn't want to bother Tom.
I didn't want to bother him anymore because he was a friend and didn't even charge.
I didn't want to bother you.
I didn't want to brag.
I didn't want to bring you in.
I didn't want to bug you.
I didn't want to burden you with my problems.
I didn't want to burden you with my troubles.
I didn't want to buy a new refrigerator.
I didn't want to buy anything for Tom.
I didn't want to buy everything Tom asked me to buy.
I didn't want to buy everything that Tom asked me to buy.
I didn't want to buy it.
I didn't want to call Tom.
I didn't want to call attention to myself.
I didn't want to camp out.
I didn't want to cancel the appointment, but something else came up.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go out onto the street.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go out.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go skiing.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I ditched the idea of going skiing.
I didn't want to cause a problem.
I didn't want to cause a scene.
I didn't want to cause any problems.
I didn't want to cause trouble.
I didn't want to cause you any more trouble.
I didn't want to cause you any problems.
I didn't want to cause you any trouble.
I didn't want to clean my room.
I didn't want to clean the toilet.
I didn't want to close the door.
I didn't want to come across as too forward.
I didn't want to come between you and him.
I didn't want to come here at all.
I didn't want to come here in the first place.
I didn't want to come here today.
I didn't want to come here, but I came anyway.
I didn't want to come here.
I didn't want to come to Australia, but my parents made me.
I didn't want to come to Boston, but my parents made me.
I didn't want to come to work today.
I didn't want to come, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to come, but Tom told me I had to.
I didn't want to come.
I didn't want to compromise.
I didn't want to confuse Tom.
I didn't want to confuse people.
I didn't want to cook.
I didn't want to cross the picket line.
I didn't want to cry in front of Tom.
I didn't want to cry in front of her.
I didn't want to cry in front of him.
I didn't want to curse you.
I didn't want to dance with Tom.
I didn't want to dance.
I didn't want to deal with Tom.
I didn't want to deal with it.
I didn't want to deal with that at that time.
I didn't want to deal with what happened.
I didn't want to depress you.
I didn't want to die.
I didn't want to disappoint Sami.
I didn't want to disappoint Tom.
I didn't want to disappoint my parents.
I didn't want to disappoint you.
I didn't want to discourage Tom.
I didn't want to discuss Tom's problems.
I didn't want to discuss that topic.
I didn't want to discuss the details.
I didn't want to dismiss it out of hand.
I didn't want to disturb Tom.
I didn't want to disturb her.
I didn't want to disturb him.
I didn't want to disturb the patients.
I didn't want to disturb them.
I didn't want to disturb you.
I didn't want to do anything else.
I didn't want to do anything risky.
I didn't want to do anything that might hurt Tom's feelings.
I didn't want to do anything that would upset Tom.
I didn't want to do anything to hurt Tom.
I didn't want to do anything to upset Tom.
I didn't want to do anything with Tom.
I didn't want to do anything.
I didn't want to do it again.
I didn't want to do it like that.
I didn't want to do it that way.
I didn't want to do it this way.
I didn't want to do it, but I had to.
I didn't want to do it.
I didn't want to do something I'd regret.
I didn't want to do that again.
I didn't want to do that alone.
I didn't want to do that and Tom didn't either.
I didn't want to do that any more than Tom did.
I didn't want to do that anymore.
I didn't want to do that as badly as Tom did.
I didn't want to do that as much as you did.
I didn't want to do that at all.
I didn't want to do that by myself.
I didn't want to do that either.
I didn't want to do that for Tom.
I didn't want to do that like that.
I didn't want to do that myself.
I didn't want to do that on my own.
I didn't want to do that right away.
I didn't want to do that that way.
I didn't want to do that the way Tom said I had to.
I didn't want to do that the way Tom suggested.
I didn't want to do that today.
I didn't want to do that tonight.
I didn't want to do that with Tom, but I had to.
I didn't want to do that with Tom.
I didn't want to do that without Tom's help.
I didn't want to do that without Tom.
I didn't want to do that without some help.
I didn't want to do that without you.
I didn't want to do that yesterday.
I didn't want to do that, but I did it anyway.
I didn't want to do that, but I did.
I didn't want to do that, but I didn't have any choice.
I didn't want to do that, but I felt I had no choice.
I didn't want to do that, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to do that, but I had to.
I didn't want to do that, but Tom did.
I didn't want to do that, but Tom said I had to.
I didn't want to do that, so I didn't.
I didn't want to do that.
I didn't want to do this in the first place.
I didn't want to do this, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to do this, but Tom insisted.
I didn't want to do this, but Tom said I had to.
I didn't want to do this.
I didn't want to do what Tom asked me to do.
I didn't want to do what Tom suggested.
I didn't want to do what Tom told me to do.
I didn't want to do what Tom wanted me to do.
I didn't want to draw attention to myself.
I didn't want to draw your attention to myself.
I didn't want to drink any wine, but Tom made me drink a little.
I didn't want to drink anything else.
I didn't want to drive Tom's old car.
I didn't want to drive.
I didn't want to eat anything.
I didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
I didn't want to eat ice cream.
I didn't want to eat leftovers again.
I didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
I didn't want to eat leftovers.
I didn't want to eat the stew Tom made.
I didn't want to eat what Tom made for me.
I didn't want to eat what Tom made for us.
I didn't want to embarrass Tom.
I didn't want to embarrass you in front of your friends.
I didn't want to embarrass you.
I didn't want to ever let Tom go.
I didn't want to feed my dog dry dog food.
I didn't want to fight Tom.
I didn't want to fight anymore.
I didn't want to fight with Tom.
I didn't want to fight, but I had to.
I didn't want to follow in my father's footsteps.
I didn't want to frighten you.
I didn't want to get anybody in trouble.
I didn't want to get anyone in trouble.
I didn't want to get caught.
I didn't want to get grounded.
I didn't want to get hurt.
I didn't want to get in the middle of their problems.
I didn't want to get in trouble again.
I didn't want to get in trouble.
I didn't want to get in your way.
I didn't want to get injured.
I didn't want to get into details.
I didn't want to get into the water until the lifeguard went on duty.
I didn't want to get into the water.
I didn't want to get into trouble.
I didn't want to get involved in the fight, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to get involved.
I didn't want to get married until I was in my thirties.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents forced me to.
I didn't want to get married, but my parents really wanted me to, so I got married.
I didn't want to get married.
I didn't want to get my clothes wet.
I didn't want to get out of bed this morning.
I didn't want to get out of bed.
I didn't want to get up early.
I didn't want to get up so early.
I didn't want to give Tom any money.
I didn't want to give a speech.
I didn't want to give it up.
I didn't want to give up.
I didn't want to give you the wrong idea.
I didn't want to go and Tom didn't either.
I didn't want to go any further.
I didn't want to go anyway.
I didn't want to go anywhere else.
I didn't want to go back home.
I didn't want to go back out in the rain.
I didn't want to go back to him.
I didn't want to go back to jail.
I didn't want to go by myself.
I didn't want to go camping last weekend.
I didn't want to go camping with Tom.
I didn't want to go either.
I didn't want to go home.
I didn't want to go on this mission, but I was ordered to.
I didn't want to go on this stupid trip anyway.
I didn't want to go outside.
I didn't want to go overboard.
I didn't want to go swimming with Tom, but I did.
I didn't want to go swimming with Tom.
I didn't want to go swimming without Tom.
I didn't want to go swimming.
I didn't want to go there after dark.
I didn't want to go there alone.
I didn't want to go there anyway.
I didn't want to go there by bus.
I didn't want to go there by myself.
I didn't want to go there with Tom.
I didn't want to go there.
I didn't want to go to Australia last month, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to go to Australia with Tom.
I didn't want to go to Australia without Tom.
I didn't want to go to Australia, but I had to.
I didn't want to go to Australia.
I didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
I didn't want to go to Boston last week, but my boss said I had to.
I didn't want to go to Boston last week, but my boss said that I had to.
I didn't want to go to Boston last weekend, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I didn't want to go to Boston without Tom.
I didn't want to go to Boston, but I had to.
I didn't want to go to Boston.
I didn't want to go to Kabylie.
I didn't want to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I didn't want to go to Tom's party.
I didn't want to go to bed.
I didn't want to go to church.
I didn't want to go to kindergarten, but my mother made me.
I didn't want to go to my room.
I didn't want to go to school.
I didn't want to go to the circus with Tom.
I didn't want to go to the dance with Tom.
I didn't want to go to the hospital.
I didn't want to go to the lake.
I didn't want to go to the park.
I didn't want to go to the party.
I didn't want to go to the reception.
I didn't want to go to work today, so I didn't.
I didn't want to go to your wedding.
I didn't want to go with Tom.
I didn't want to go with you.
I didn't want to go, but I did.
I didn't want to go, but I had to.
I didn't want to go, but I needed to.
I didn't want to go, but Tom made me go.
I didn't want to go, but she had been so kind to me that I couldn't but accept the invitation.
I didn't want to go.
I didn't want to go; I preferred to stay home, enjoying my solitude.
I didn't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
I didn't want to have any more children.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that again.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that today.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't want to help Tom do that again.
I didn't want to help Tom do that today.
I didn't want to help Tom do that.
I didn't want to help Tom.
I didn't want to help clean up after the party, but I had to.
I didn't want to help.
I didn't want to hit Tom.
I didn't want to hug her.
I didn't want to humiliate Tom.
I didn't want to humiliate her.
I didn't want to humiliate him.
I didn't want to humiliate them.
I didn't want to humiliate you.
I didn't want to hurt Tom's feelings.
I didn't want to hurt Tom.
I didn't want to hurt Tom. It was just self-defense.
I didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings.
I didn't want to hurt anyone, and I didn't want to hurt myself.
I didn't want to hurt anyone.
I didn't want to hurt her feelings.
I didn't want to hurt her.
I didn't want to hurt his feelings.
I didn't want to hurt you.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings, and I regret that I did.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings.
I didn't want to insult Tom.
I didn't want to insult her.
I didn't want to insult him.
I didn't want to insult them.
I didn't want to insult you.
I didn't want to interfere.
I didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was talking.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they were talking.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom while he was talking.
I didn't want to interrupt the discussion.
I didn't want to interrupt.
I didn't want to intrude.
I didn't want to invite Tom to my party.
I didn't want to involve Tom.
I didn't want to involve her.
I didn't want to involve him.
I didn't want to involve them.
I didn't want to involve you.
I didn't want to irritate Tom, so I kept my mouth shut.
I didn't want to join that group.
I didn't want to join the Navy because I thought everybody would think I was gay.
I didn't want to join this tournament, but they persuaded me.
I didn't want to jump into the cold water.
I didn't want to keep Tom waiting.
I didn't want to keep my friend waiting too long.
I didn't want to kill Tom.
I didn't want to kill anybody.
I didn't want to kill anyone.
I didn't want to kill her.
I didn't want to kill him.
I didn't want to kill them.
I didn't want to kiss Tom.
I didn't want to know what Tom was planning to do.
I didn't want to know what was going to happen.
I didn't want to know.
I didn't want to lead him on.
I didn't want to learn Berber.
I didn't want to learn French, but my parents made me.
I didn't want to leave Australia.
I didn't want to leave Boston.
I didn't want to leave Tom behind.
I didn't want to leave before the work was completed.
I didn't want to leave early.
I didn't want to leave empty-handed.
I didn't want to leave the house.
I didn't want to leave today, but I had to.
I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye.
I didn't want to leave without saying thank you.
I didn't want to leave without seeing you.
I didn't want to leave you there.
I didn't want to leave.
I didn't want to let Tom down.
I didn't want to let Tom go.
I didn't want to let Tom into my house.
I didn't want to let people down.
I didn't want to let you down.
I didn't want to listen to Tom and Mary arguing.
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.
I didn't want to listen to Tom, so I left.
I didn't want to listen to what Tom and Mary were saying.
I didn't want to listen to what Tom had to say.
I didn't want to listen to what Tom was saying.
I didn't want to listen to what he had to say.
I didn't want to live in Australia anymore, so I moved to New Zealand.
I didn't want to live in Australia.
I didn't want to live in Boston anymore, so I moved to Chicago.
I didn't want to live in Boston.
I didn't want to live there.
I didn't want to live with Tom.
I didn't want to look foolish.
I didn't want to look for a girl, but my friends laughed at me.
I didn't want to look like a tourist.
I didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends.
I didn't want to look stupid, so, I pretended like I knew what was going on.
I didn't want to look stupid.
I didn't want to look too forward.
I didn't want to look, but I couldn't help myself.
I didn't want to look.
I didn't want to lose Tom.
I didn't want to lose her.
I didn't want to lose him.
I didn't want to lose them.
I didn't want to lose.
I didn't want to make Tom wait.
I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
I didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
I didn't want to make a fool of myself.
I didn't want to make a scene in front of everyone.
I didn't want to make a scene.
I didn't want to make a speech.
I didn't want to make any noise.
I didn't want to make my mother and father worry.
I didn't want to make the same mistake twice.
I didn't want to make the same mistakes as Tom did.
I didn't want to make the same mistakes that Tom did.
I didn't want to make you even more upset and make the situation worse.
I didn't want to make you feel uncomfortable.
I didn't want to make you uncomfortable.
I didn't want to mess it up.
I didn't want to mislead anyone.
I didn't want to miss anything.
I didn't want to miss that.
I didn't want to miss the party.
I didn't want to move here.
I didn't want to move to Australia.
I didn't want to move to Boston.
I didn't want to offend anybody.
I didn't want to offend anyone.
I didn't want to paint a picture.
I didn't want to pass up the chance of seeing Hong Kong, so I agreed to go on the trip.
I didn't want to pay that much.
I didn't want to play God.
I didn't want to play golf.
I didn't want to play tennis with Tom.
I didn't want to play with Tom.
I didn't want to postpone our meeting.
I didn't want to pry.
I didn't want to pursue that.
I didn't want to push my luck.
I didn't want to put it down.
I didn't want to put you in danger.
I didn't want to read that book.
I didn't want to respond.
I didn't want to reveal too much.
I didn't want to risk a misunderstanding.
I didn't want to risk breaking my leg.
I didn't want to risk missing the train, so I arrived at the station an hour early.
I didn't want to ruin the day for you.
I didn't want to ruin the party.
I didn't want to rush into anything.
I didn't want to say anything in Tom's presence.
I didn't want to say anything in front of Tom.
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom angry.
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom cry.
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom mad.
I didn't want to say anything that might upset Tom.
I didn't want to say anything that would make Tom angry.
I didn't want to say anything to Tom about that.
I didn't want to say anything to anyone.
I didn't want to say anything to make Tom angry.
I didn't want to say anything, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to say anything.
I didn't want to say anything in front of the children.
I didn't want to say anything in front of the kids.
I didn't want to say too much.
I didn't want to scare Tom.
I didn't want to scare her.
I didn't want to scare him.
I didn't want to scare them.
I didn't want to scare you.
I didn't want to see Tom again.
I didn't want to see Tom get hurt again.
I didn't want to see Tom get hurt.
I didn't want to see Tom leave.
I didn't want to see Tom suffer.
I didn't want to see Tom's face.
I didn't want to see Tom.
I didn't want to see anybody.
I didn't want to see anyone.
I didn't want to see her again.
I didn't want to see her.
I didn't want to see him again.
I didn't want to see him.
I didn't want to see that happen.
I didn't want to see them again.
I didn't want to see them.
I didn't want to seem desperate.
I didn't want to seem pushy.
I didn't want to seem too forward.
I didn't want to sell any of my paintings.
I didn't want to sell my car, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to sell my car, but I needed the money.
I didn't want to sell my farm.
I didn't want to sell my house.
I didn't want to sell my land.
I didn't want to share my lunch with Tom.
I didn't want to shoot Tom.
I didn't want to shoot my dog.
I didn't want to show Tom how to do that.
I didn't want to show it to Tom.
I didn't want to sing any of the songs Tom requested.
I didn't want to sing anymore.
I didn't want to sing, but Tom asked me to, so I did.
I didn't want to sing, but Tom made me.
I didn't want to sing.
I didn't want to sit beside Tom.
I didn't want to sit next to Tom, so I chose a different seat.
I didn't want to sit next to Tom.
I didn't want to sit with Tom.
I didn't want to speak French.
I didn't want to speak in French.
I didn't want to speak to anyone.
I didn't want to speak with Tom.
I didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
I didn't want to spend all day doing that.
I didn't want to spend any more time alone.
I didn't want to spend any more time arguing with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
I didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
I didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't want to spend any more time in bed.
I didn't want to spend any more time in jail.
I didn't want to spend any more time looking for my keys.
I didn't want to spend any more time swimming laps.
I didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family.
I didn't want to spend any more time trying to convince Tom to study French.
I didn't want to spend any more time with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time working on that project.
I didn't want to spend as much money as I did.
I didn't want to spend my whole life there.
I didn't want to spend that much for a meal.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in jail.
I didn't want to spend the rest of my life in prison.
I didn't want to spend the winter break in a cabin.
I didn't want to split up with Mary.
I didn't want to stand in line.
I didn't want to stay as long as Tom did.
I didn't want to stay at home.
I didn't want to stay home all day.
I didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
I didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
I didn't want to stay in Boston.
I didn't want to stay inside all day.
I didn't want to stay there for a long time.
I didn't want to stay.
I didn't want to stop doing what I was doing.
I didn't want to stop.
I didn't want to study French, but I had to.
I didn't want to study French.
I didn't want to surprise you.
I didn't want to swim.
I didn't want to take a chance.
I didn't want to take a taxi.
I didn't want to take all the money.
I didn't want to take any chances.
I didn't want to take any pictures.
I didn't want to take over the family business.
I didn't want to take that chance.
I didn't want to take that kind of risk.
I didn't want to take that risk.
I didn't want to talk about Tom.
I didn't want to talk about it.
I didn't want to talk about my family.
I didn't want to talk about my private life.
I didn't want to talk about my problems.
I didn't want to talk about myself.
I didn't want to talk about school.
I didn't want to talk about sports.
I didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
I didn't want to talk about that.
I didn't want to talk about the weather.
I didn't want to talk about what had happened.
I didn't want to talk about work.
I didn't want to talk to Tom about work.
I didn't want to talk to Tom, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to talk to Tom, but I had to.
I didn't want to talk to Tom.
I didn't want to talk to anybody.
I didn't want to talk to anyone.
I didn't want to talk to him, so I pretended that I didn't see him wave at me.
I didn't want to talk to the police.
I didn't want to talk to you either.
I didn't want to talk with Tom.
I didn't want to talk with him.
I didn't want to tell Tom about it.
I didn't want to tell Tom about the accident.
I didn't want to tell Tom about this.
I didn't want to tell Tom about what had happened.
I didn't want to tell Tom about what happened.
I didn't want to tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't want to tell Tom anything.
I didn't want to tell Tom everything.
I didn't want to tell Tom how much I weighed.
I didn't want to tell Tom how much money I lost gambling.
I didn't want to tell Tom how old I was.
I didn't want to tell Tom the truth, but I did.
I didn't want to tell Tom the truth.
I didn't want to tell Tom where I'd been.
I didn't want to tell anybody about what I had done.
I didn't want to tell anybody anything.
I didn't want to tell anyone anything.
I didn't want to tell anyone until I was certain.
I didn't want to tell him; it slipped off my tongue.
I didn't want to tell my parents about what happened.
I didn't want to tell you about this on the phone.
I didn't want to tell you on the phone.
I didn't want to tell you over the phone.
I didn't want to tell you that on the phone.
I didn't want to tell you this.
I didn't want to tell you yet.
I didn't want to tell you.
I didn't want to testify against Tom.
I didn't want to testify.
I didn't want to think about it.
I didn't want to think about the situation.
I didn't want to throw it away, but I had to.
I didn't want to throw it out.
I didn't want to throw that away, but my mother told me to.
I didn't want to throw that out.
I didn't want to touch it.
I didn't want to trap that animal.
I didn't want to travel alone.
I didn't want to turn myself in, but my lawyer told me it would be better if I did.
I didn't want to upset Tom.
I didn't want to upset her.
I didn't want to upset him.
I didn't want to upset them.
I didn't want to upset you.
I didn't want to use the phone.
I didn't want to visit Boston.
I didn't want to wait any longer.
I didn't want to wait for Tom, but Mary said that we should wait.
I didn't want to wait for Tom, but Mary said we should wait.
I didn't want to wait for anything.
I didn't want to wait.
I didn't want to wake Tom up, so I tiptoed past his room.
I didn't want to wake the children up.
I didn't want to wake the kids up.
I didn't want to wake up from my dream.
I didn't want to wake up the children.
I didn't want to wake up the kids.
I didn't want to wake you up.
I didn't want to wake you.
I didn't want to walk here, but my car wouldn't start this morning and I had no choice.
I didn't want to walk home alone, so I asked Tom to walk with me.
I didn't want to walk to school yesterday because it was raining.
I didn't want to waste any time.
I didn't want to waste it.
I didn't want to waste my time.
I didn't want to waste so much time.
I didn't want to waste time arguing.
I didn't want to watch TV.
I didn't want to watch a movie, so I read a book.
I didn't want to wear out my welcome, so I only stayed for a few minutes.
I didn't want to work late, but the boss told me that I had to.
I didn't want to work outside, but I didn't have any choice.
I didn't want to work overtime.
I didn't want to work there.
I didn't want to work under those conditions.
I didn't want to work with Tom, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to work with him, but I made the best of it.
I didn't want to worry Tom.
I didn't want to worry her.
I didn't want to worry him.
I didn't want to worry them.
I didn't want to worry you.
I didn't want to write about what had happened.
I didn't want to yank her out of this environment because she loves it here.
I didn't want to, but he insisted.
I didn't want to.
I didn't want you at my party.
I didn't want you involved in this.
I didn't want you lurking around me anyway.
I didn't want you to be here.
I didn't want you to change your plans.
I didn't want you to do that again.
I didn't want you to do that for me.
I didn't want you to do that.
I didn't want you to do this.
I didn't want you to feel you were alone.
I didn't want you to find out like this.
I didn't want you to get involved.
I didn't want you to get nervous.
I didn't want you to give Tom any money.
I didn't want you to go away.
I didn't want you to hate me.
I didn't want you to hear that.
I didn't want you to know about the broken vase.
I didn't want you to know.
I didn't want you to leave me.
I didn't want you to leave.
I didn't want you to make a fuss.
I didn't want you to miss your bus.
I didn't want you to read that.
I didn't want you to see me cry.
I didn't want you to see me crying.
I didn't want you to see me.
I didn't want you to see this.
I didn't want you to tell Tom about the party.
I didn't want you to tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't want you to tell Tom that.
I didn't want you to tell him the truth.
I didn't want you to think I was not happy with your decision.
I didn't want you to worry.
I didn't warn Tom about what might happen.
I didn't warn Tom that this might happen.
I didn't warn you.
I didn't wash my car.
I didn't wash my hair.
I didn't wash my hands.
I didn't wash the dishes.
I didn't watch Star Wars episode 1.
I didn't watch TV last night.
I didn't watch TV very much when I was a child.
I didn't watch TV very much when I was a kid.
I didn't watch TV yesterday.
I didn't watch much television when I was a kid.
I didn't watch television yesterday.
I didn't watch the clown show.
I didn't water the flowers.
I didn't wear a new dress yesterday.
I didn't wear a suit to my graduation ceremony.
I didn't wear a tie to work yesterday.
I didn't wear jeans yesterday.
I didn't wear that Kabyle dress.
I didn't wear the bowler at At Hadda.
I didn't wear the shirt Tom told me to wear.
I didn't wear the shirt Tom wanted me to wear.
I didn't weigh their bags.
I didn't win the contest.
I didn't win the match.
I didn't win the prize.
I didn't win, but at least I got a consolation prize.
I didn't win.
I didn't wind the clock last night.
I didn't wish to draw your attention to myself.
I didn't witness anything.
I didn't work Monday night.
I didn't work any more hours last week than I usually do.
I didn't work as hard as Tom did.
I didn't work as many hours today as I usually do.
I didn't work for a few days after that.
I didn't work for them.
I didn't work last Monday.
I didn't work on Monday.
I didn't work yesterday.
I didn't work.
I didn't worry about it too much.
I didn't worry about that.
I didn't write Tom back.
I didn't write a letter.
I didn't write a single sentence this week. I think I have writer's block.
I didn't write anything in my notebook.
I didn't write anything.
I didn't write back to Tom.
I didn't write back.
I didn't write even one letter to Tom while I was away.
I didn't write everything down.
I didn't write it down.
I didn't write that down.
I didn't write that letter.
I didn't write that.
I didn't write the letter.
I didn't write them.
I didn't write this letter.
I didn't write this sentence.
I didn't write this.
I didn't write to Tom.
I didn't write to them.
I didn't yell at Tom.
I didn't yell.
I didn't yet have everything I needed, so I went into the store to buy a few other things.
I didn't yet know the truth at that time.
I didn't.
I didn’t agree to help Tom.
I didn’t agree to meet Tom.
I didn’t agree to pay Tom that much.
I didn’t aim my remarks at you.
I didn’t answer your letter, because I was busy.
I didn’t arrive in Harbin until very late, and the queue for taxis was already extremely long.
I didn’t ask for a table here.
I didn’t attend his funeral.
I didn’t attend the meeting, and he didn’t either.
I didn’t bargain for Mary’s coming so soon.
I didn’t believe him at first.
I didn’t blame you for hitting him.
I didn’t borrow money only from Tom, but also from his wife.
I didn’t bring this topic up with her.
I didn’t buy anything at that store.
I didn’t buy anything at the duty-free shops.
I didn’t buy that book.
I didn’t call on him because I had a cold.
I didn’t call on him because I wanted to.
I didn’t call on you for fear of disturbing you.
I didn’t care about going out.
I didn’t catch the meaning.
I didn’t catch what he said.
I didn’t catch your last name.
I didn’t commit myself to attend the meeting.
I didn’t consider the subject seriously.
I didn’t do it on purpose.
I didn’t do much work today.
I didn’t do my homework.
I didn’t do well on the test so my parents chewed me out.
I didn’t dream last night.
I didn’t eat dinner last night.
I didn’t eat everything that she served me.
I didn’t enjoy every minute of the party.
I didn’t enjoy it very much.
I didn’t enjoy the party at all.
I didn’t envision him as a Klingon speaker; his forehead was too smooth.
I didn’t even call the school to inform them.
I didn’t even glance at him.
I didn’t expect his behavior to descend to such a disagreeable level.
I didn’t expect it.
I didn’t expect such a nice present from you.
I didn’t expect that Mary would come so soon.
I didn’t expect that to come from you.
I didn’t expect to succeed, but somehow I managed to carry it off.
I didn’t expect us to be in this situation again.
I didn’t expect you to get here so soon.
I didn’t expect you to turn up here.
I didn’t factor those variables into the equation.
I didn’t feel like buying a car.
I didn’t feel like going out this evening.
I didn’t feel like scolding her for being late.
I didn’t feel like studying because the noise outside was getting on my nerves.
I didn’t feel uneasy when I read the letter.
I didn’t feel well, but I went to work.
I didn’t find the book in the library, so I decided to buy it. Unfortunately it was too expensive. However I found it on the Internet.
I didn’t for a moment believe them.
I didn’t foresee this turn of events.
I didn’t forget your words.
I didn’t get a chance to introduce myself to her.
I didn’t get along with her.
I didn’t get anywhere with him.
I didn’t get his joke.
I didn’t get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
I didn’t get the joke.
I didn’t get the point of his speech.
I didn’t get what you wrote.
I didn’t get your last name.
I didn’t get your name.
I didn’t give up for lack of hope.
I didn’t go anywhere during the holiday.
I didn’t go but stayed.
I didn’t go into details.
I didn’t go on account of illness.
I didn’t go out at all because you told me not to.
I didn’t go out because it was very cold.
I didn’t go out for fear of catching cold.
I didn’t go out last Sunday.
I didn’t go skiing for fear of catching cold.
I didn’t go there because I wanted to.
I didn’t go to school last Monday.
I didn’t go to school last month.
I didn’t go to the park because it rained.
I didn’t go to the party because I was sick.
I didn’t go, but stayed at home.
I didn’t greet you because I mistook you for somebody else.
I didn’t have a good time last Sunday.
I didn’t have a good time last night.
I didn’t have any accidents or other problems.
I didn’t have any faith in myself at the time.
I didn’t have any idea of what I’m capable of.
I didn’t have breakfast this morning.
I didn’t have enough space to fit my lunch in the bag.
I didn’t have lunch today.
I didn’t have more than 1,000 yen.
I didn’t have much time so I just skimmed through the article.
I didn’t have the courage to tell her the fact.
I didn’t have the courage to tell her the truth.
I didn’t have the heart to eat the cake she made me.
I didn’t have the heart to tell him the truth.
I didn’t have the sense to do so.
I didn’t have time to recover before I came down with another horrible cold.
I didn’t have time to think. I had to make a judgment call.
I didn’t have time to watch TV yesterday.
I didn’t have to open the letter. I knew exactly what it said.
I didn’t have to study yesterday.
I didn’t hear Tom leave.
I didn’t hear anything.
I didn’t hear it.
I didn’t hear what you said.
I didn’t hear you come in.
I didn’t hear you.
I didn’t hide my face to insults.
I didn’t intend to hurt Tom’s feelings.
I didn’t invite him to the party. I feel guilty about it.
I didn’t just make the plan, I carried it out.
I didn’t know about his plan.
I didn’t know about it until I read the paper.
I didn’t know about that until quite recently.
I didn’t know about your plan.
I didn’t know anything.
I didn’t know apple trees grow from seeds.
I didn’t know for certain which train to take.
I didn’t know he drank so much.
I didn’t know he had a weak heart.
I didn’t know he had decided to leave his job.
I didn’t know he had decided to leave.
I didn’t know he spoke five languages.
I didn’t know how to answer his question.
I didn’t know how to express myself.
I didn’t know hummingbirds could even fly upside down when frightened.
I didn’t know if I was coming or going the week before I got married.
I didn’t know she was ill.
I didn’t know she was married.
I didn’t know that Mr. Williams fought in the Vietnam War.
I didn’t know that dogs swim well.
I didn’t know that he could speak English.
I didn’t know that he was Japanese.
I didn’t know that he was there.
I didn’t know that most birds can’t see at night.
I didn’t know that she had a child.
I didn’t know that she was ill.
I didn’t know that song.
I didn’t know that woman at all.
I didn’t know that you were in this town.
I didn’t know that you were sick, so I didn’t visit you in the hospital.
I didn’t know that.
I didn’t know the actor until I saw the movie.
I didn’t know the city, and what’s more, I couldn’t speak a word of the language.
I didn’t know the performer, but eventually found out who she was.
I didn’t know the reason why she began to cry.
I didn’t know the woman at all.
I didn’t know what to do because I was suddenly spoken to by a foreigner.
I didn’t know what to do first.
I didn’t know what to do then.
I didn’t know what to do.
I didn’t know what to say to him.
I didn’t know what to say.
I didn’t know what was what. The inside of my head had gone to panic mode and I couldn’t get things straight.
I didn’t know when Bob had come to Japan.
I didn’t know when to switch the machine off.
I didn’t know where I should wait for her.
I didn’t know where it came from.
I didn’t know where to get the bus.
I didn’t know where to go, or what to do.
I didn’t know where to go.
I didn’t know whether I wanted to go to university.
I didn’t know whether to get angry or to laugh.
I didn’t know whether to stay here or go to London.
I didn’t know which to take. I looked for a station attendant but didn’t find one.
I didn’t know you cared!
I didn’t know you had a week off last month.
I didn’t know you were coming here either.
I didn’t know you were seeing someone.
I didn’t know you were such a good cook.
I didn’t know you were such a wanker.
I didn’t know you were that kind of a person.
I didn’t let on to my parents that I got a C on the English test.
I didn’t like beer at that time.
I didn’t like her at first, but now I do.
I didn’t like him much, in fact I hated him.
I didn’t like him much; in fact I hated him.
I didn’t like it.
I didn’t like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
I didn’t literally translate from English into Japanese.
I didn’t make it myself.
I didn’t marry her because I loved her.
I didn’t marry him because he is rich.
I didn’t mean it.
I didn’t mean that.
I didn’t mean to do that.
I didn’t mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
I didn’t mean to eavesdrop on your talk.
I didn’t mean to eavesdrop, but I did overhear you.
I didn’t mean to give that impression.
I didn’t mean to give you that impression.
I didn’t mean to hurt you.
I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.
I didn’t mean to keep it secret.
I didn’t mean to put that on there.
I didn’t mean to sound so harsh.
I didn’t mean to step on your foot.
I didn’t mean to trouble you, I wanted to help you.
I didn’t mean to!
I didn’t meet any of my friends.
I didn’t meet anyone there.
I didn’t meet anyone.
I didn’t miss my watch till I got home.
I didn’t need to paint the fence.
I didn’t need to pay for the food.
I didn’t need to take an umbrella with me.
I didn’t need to tell him.
I didn’t notice her going out of the room.
I didn’t notice him go out.
I didn’t notice it.
I didn’t notice my earphones were off.
I didn’t notice the light turn red.
I didn’t notice when he left the room.
I didn’t participate in the conversation.
I didn’t prepare a presentation. So I just blagged it.
I didn’t quite catch the name of that designer.
I didn’t quite catch your words.
I didn’t quite make out what he said.
I didn’t read it all.
I didn’t realise.
I didn’t realize the difference between them.
I didn’t realize till I visited Australia how small Japan really is.
I didn’t really feel like going out.
I didn’t receive even one letter from her.
I didn’t recognise the tune.
I didn’t recognize him at first on the train.
I didn’t recognize him at first.
I didn’t remember his name until afterward.
I didn’t request you to do that.
I didn’t resist the pressure they forced on me.
I didn’t say a word for fear I should annoy him.
I didn’t say anything at all about our plan.
I didn’t say anything to hurt his feelings.
I didn’t say it like that.
I didn’t say it wasn’t OK to eat.
I didn’t say it.
I didn’t say my last word!
I didn’t say such a thing of my own will.
I didn’t see a doctor last year.
I didn’t see anybody.
I didn’t see anything.
I didn’t see either boy.
I didn’t see it.
I didn’t sleep a wink last night.
I didn’t sleep much yesterday, so it was inevitable that I was sleepy all day today.
I didn’t stay home because it was raining.
I didn’t study at all yesterday.
I didn’t study at all.
I didn’t study either of the languages.
I didn’t study math at all.
I didn’t take part in the conversation.
I didn’t take that bus, so I’m not at home right now.
I didn’t take you for such a selfless person.
I didn’t tell him the truth because I was afraid of hurting his feelings.
I didn’t tell him the truth for fear he would get angry.
I didn’t tell the truth to the police.
I didn’t think I’d meet you here.
I didn’t think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside.
I didn’t think anyone could fix this watch.
I didn’t think he would come.
I didn’t think that your wife was so old.
I didn’t think this was your seat.
I didn’t think you were going to make it.
I didn’t turn off the light.
I didn’t understand anything at today’s seminar.
I didn’t understand because they spoke in a low voice.
I didn’t understand in the least what he said.
I didn’t understand the meaning of the last line but one.
I didn’t understand what you said.
I didn’t understand.
I didn’t use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
I didn’t use to like wine, but now I’m quite fond of it.
I didn’t used to smoke.
I didn’t visit the headquarters of Twitter.
I didn’t vote in the last election.
I didn’t want his help, but I had to accept it.
I didn’t want it!
I didn’t want that to happen.
I didn’t want that.
I didn’t want the baby to catch a cold, so I closed the window.
I didn’t want this to happen.
I didn’t want to alarm you.
I didn’t want to be defeated in front of my friends.
I didn’t want to be rude, but it was necessary.
I didn’t want to bring you in.
I didn’t want to call the police.
I didn’t want to catch a cold, so I didn’t go out.
I didn’t want to catch a cold, so I didn’t go skiing.
I didn’t want to get up early.
I didn’t want to go, but she had been so kind to me that I couldn’t but accept the invitation.
I didn’t want to go; I preferred to stay home, enjoying my solitude.
I didn’t want to spend any more time alone.
I didn’t want to spend any more time arguing with Tom.
I didn’t want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
I didn’t want to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn’t want to spend any more time in bed.
I didn’t want to spend any more time in jail.
I didn’t want to spend any more time looking for my keys.
I didn’t want to spend any more time swimming laps.
I didn’t want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family.
I didn’t want to spend any more time trying to convince Tom to study French.
I didn’t want to spend any more time with Tom.
I didn’t want to spend any more time working on that project.
I didn’t want to work with him, but I made the best of it.
I didn’t watch Star Wars episode 1.
I didn’t win, but at least I got a consolation prize.
I died from emotional damage.
I died immediately.
I died last week.
I died of embarrassment when my mother kissed me near my friends.
I died of hunger.
I died three years ago.
I died yesterday, and I'm coming back to haunt you.
I died yesterday.
I died.
I differ from you on that point.
I dimmed the lights.
I dine at seven.
I dipped a piece of the fried fish in the mayonnaise.
I dipped into his book.
I dipped my finger into the honey.
I dipped the pen into the ink.
I directed my boy to the store.
I directly asked him if he wanted to have sex with me.
I dirtied one.
I disagree completely.
I disagree strongly.
I disagree vehemently with his views.
I disagree vehemently with their views.
I disagree vehemently.
I disagree with Tom on this.
I disagree with Tom views.
I disagree with Tom's statement.
I disagree with Tom.
I disagree with almost everything Tom has just said.
I disagree with almost everything Tom just said.
I disagree with basically everything he says.
I disagree with her.
I disagree with him.
I disagree with it.
I disagree with just about everything Tom just said.
I disagree with more or less everything Tom has just said.
I disagree with that comment.
I disagree with that statement.
I disagree with that.
I disagree with the decision.
I disagree with the idea of keeping our enemies close. We should keep them far away.
I disagree with the verdict.
I disagree with them.
I disagree with this absolutely.
I disagree with this completely.
I disagree with this decision.
I disagree with what you say.
I disagree with you on that.
I disagree with you on the matter.
I disagree with you on this.
I disagree with you there.
I disagree with you, Tom.
I disagree with you.
I disagree with your argument on every point.
I disagree with your methods.
I disagree with your point of view.
I disagree with your premise.
I disagree.
I disagree. I don't think the usage of the word "race" is racist.
I disagree. It's not racist to use the word "race."
I disagreed with Tom on that point.
I disagreed with Tom.
I disagreed with him on the subject.
I disagreed.
I disappointed Tom.
I disappointed her.
I disappointed him.
I disappointed my parents.
I disappointed my teachers.
I disapprove of Tom's behavior.
I disapprove of his behavior.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
I disapprove of what you say.
I disapprove.
I disassembled one.
I disassembled the engine.
I discarded the food.
I discerned the potential of great things in him.
I discharged one of my servants.
I disconnected from the internet.
I discouraged him from going swimming as it was likely to rain.
I discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain.
I discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain.
I discouraged him from marrying me.
I discouraged my sister from going out with the leader of the pack.
I discover something new every time I read this book.
I discovered Algeria's natural splendors.
I discovered American music.
I discovered Tom's secret.
I discovered Troy's perfidious plans.
I discovered a new game this summer.
I discovered a new podcast that I can’t stop listening to.
I discovered a really great place today.
I discovered a serious mistake.
I discovered a very nice place today.
I discovered an empty cave.
I discovered her secret.
I discovered hidden strengths and talents within myself.
I discovered him in bed with my closest friend.
I discovered him this way in another place.
I discovered his secret.
I discovered important things in my life.
I discovered my brother in the lane.
I discovered my destiny.
I discovered my father collected 30 years of newspapers.
I discovered my love of coffee there.
I discovered one.
I discovered poetry.
I discovered something amazing.
I discovered that I have one more available place.
I discovered that she was better at math than I.
I discovered that speaking English was pretty easy.
I discovered that that box was empty.
I discovered that the magic treasures were nothing more than ordinary stones.
I discovered that there was a court case.
I discovered that.
I discovered the secret of the matter.
I discovered the splendors of Algeria.
I discovered the truth.
I discovered the universe.
I discovered them.
I discovered this in the contract.
I discovered this.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
I discuss my concerns openly with my mother.
I discussed baby names with my pregnant sister.
I discussed business with her.
I discussed it with Tom.
I discussed it with her.
I discussed it with him.
I discussed it with my father and decided to change my job.
I discussed it with them.
I discussed that with Tom already.
I discussed that with Tom.
I discussed the matter with Tom.
I discussed the matter with her.
I discussed the matter with him.
I discussed the plan with Tom.
I discussed the problem with Mary.
I discussed the problem with Tom.
I discussed the problem with my friends.
I discussed the problem with my mom.
I discussed.
I disencumbered myself of everything that would hinder me and placed my feet in the best position for a leap.
I disguised myself as a homeless person.
I disguised myself as a nun.
I disguised myself as a policeman.
I disguised myself as a repairman.
I disguised myself as a woman so that Tom couldn't recognise me.
I disguised myself as a woman so that Tom wouldn't recognize me.
I dislike Chris because he is very rude and insensitive.
I dislike Mina.
I dislike Mondays.
I dislike Tom.
I dislike all of them.
I dislike arguing, but sometimes I can't avoid it.
I dislike asking for attention.
I dislike attention.
I dislike being alone.
I dislike big cities.
I dislike calling people unpleasant names.
I dislike coffee.
I dislike cold weather.
I dislike cowards.
I dislike cruelty, even cruelty to other people, and should therefore like to see all cruel people exterminated.
I dislike doing that.
I dislike doing this.
I dislike eggs.
I dislike fast food.
I dislike going through customs at the airport because it takes so long.
I dislike her unfriendly attitude.
I dislike him.
I dislike homework.
I dislike how he smiles.
I dislike living in such a noisy place.
I dislike noise. My ears are sensitive.
I dislike people.
I dislike propaganda.
I dislike risks.
I dislike seeing her picture.
I dislike shopping every day but I must do so.
I dislike speaking in public.
I dislike spending all day in the sun tanning.
I dislike studying.
I dislike stuff that supports violence.
I dislike such people.
I dislike swimming alone.
I dislike swimming.
I dislike that!
I dislike the house he is in.
I dislike the tie you have on.
I dislike the way you treat others.
I dislike them all.
I dislike things like that.
I dislike this job.
I dislike those words.
I dislike translating Mr Smith's letters. I can't even understand his French.
I dislike using disparaging terms.
I dislike waiting for people.
I dislike waiting for things to happen.
I dislike waiting.
I dislike working with Tom.
I dislike you.
I dislike your methods.
I dislike your smoking.
I disliked it.
I disliked that teacher.
I disliked the idea of the necessary call, but it had to be done.
I disliked what he had said.
I dislocated my ankle, and I also broke my tibia and fibula bones.
I dislocated my knee.
I dislocated my shoulder three times that year.
I dislocated my shoulder.
I dismissed it as something that's not important.
I dismissed one.
I dismissed the protest.
I dismissed what Mary was saying.
I disobeyed Tom.
I disobeyed him.
I disobeyed you.
I disposed of all the books.
I disposed of my old coat.
I disputed with him about world peace for an hour.
I disregarded it.
I dissected frogs.
I dissent from what he said.
I dissent from you.
I dissociate sometimes.
I distinctly remember hearing the clock on the mantelpiece strike two.
I distinctly remember my Kindergarten teacher talking about her husband in class. Child abuse! Grooming!
I distracted myself from the boredom of my long journey by reading mysteries.
I distrust you.
I disturbed Mina.
I ditched Tom.
I ditched him.
I ditched school.
I dive almost every day.
I dived into the river.
I dived into the water.
I divide all literary works into two categories: those I like and those I don't like. No other criterion exists for me.
I divided it.
I divided my funding into three equal parts.
I divided the bread into two pieces.
I divided them.
I divorced him.
I do a good job with my work.
I do a lap around the lake every morning.
I do a lot around here.
I do a lot in parallel, therefore I do not only read Akutagawa. At the moment, I am reading more and more in English. I am also reading a bit in German every day.
I do a lot less reading nowadays than I used to.
I do a lot of business with Tom.
I do a lot of cooking.
I do a lot of online shopping.
I do a lot of reading.
I do a lot of skiing.
I do a lot of stuff by myself.
I do a lot of stuff my mother doesn't know I do.
I do a lot of stuff my mother doesn't know that I do.
I do a lot of stuff that my mother doesn't know I do.
I do a lot of stuff that my mother doesn't know that I do.
I do a lot of stuff with Tom.
I do a lot of stuff.
I do a lot of swimming.
I do a lot of things.
I do a lot of work on the school newspaper.
I do a lot of worrying.
I do a training at Ford.
I do acknowledge your recent efforts, but you need to do more.
I do agree with Tom.
I do agree with you entirely, Sir.
I do agree with you.
I do all of my reading on my phone.
I do all of my reading on the internet.
I do all the work.
I do almost everything better than Tom and Mary do.
I do almost everything better than Tom does.
I do almost the same thing as Tom does.
I do anything I feel like.
I do apologize.
I do appreciate that.
I do appreciate your trust in me.
I do as I'm told.
I do as little as I can to get by.
I do basically the same thing as Tom and Mary do.
I do basically the same thing as Tom does.
I do believe animals know when you're trying to help them.
I do believe in ghosts.
I do believe in miracles.
I do believe it's called a leek.
I do believe it's for the greater good.
I do believe people that waste their time learning Klingon, are, as a matter of fact, dorks.
I do believe that being gay can be cured.
I do believe that he's your friend.
I do believe that you are suspicious of me.
I do believe that.
I do believe you're jealous.
I do believe you're right.
I do believe you're wrong.
I do believe you, but I have to tell your mother.
I do believe you.
I do beseech you, hear me through.
I do break rules sometimes.
I do business here.
I do business on the internet.
I do care what you think.
I do care.
I do cocaine!
I do come home at Christmas. We all do, or we all should. We all come home, or ought to come home, for a short holiday — the longer, the better — from the great boarding-school, where we are forever working at our arithmetical slates, to take, and give a rest.
I do cook, but not because I like to.
I do drugs.
I do everything alone and it's very hard for me to ask or look for help.
I do everything around the house. My husband just lies on the couch and watches sports.
I do everything by hand.
I do everything for my family.
I do everything for myself.
I do everything for the kid and parent. This is a bad amount.
I do everything so that you're happy, but it seems that's not enough.
I do everything wrong.
I do everything wrong. I'm good for nothing.
I do exercises in English composition every day.
I do exercises in the morning.
I do feel a bit hungry.
I do feel a little guilty.
I do feel a little hungry.
I do feel motivated.
I do feel on the mend.
I do feel pretty good today.
I do feel pretty good.
I do feel sorry for Tom.
I do feel the cold.
I do find his response sad.
I do find it interesting.
I do find that unfortunate.
I do forget a lot these days.
I do forgive Tom.
I do good things.
I do graphic design for some T-shirt sites.
I do gravitate towards the second option, although I wouldn’t mind the former either.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual. He already has a lovely wife, anyways.
I do have a parting query.
I do have a plan.
I do have a radio at home, but it isn't working.
I do have a radio at home, but it’s not working.
I do have a theory.
I do have concerns.
I do have confidence in Tom.
I do have doubts about that.
I do have one final ask of you as your president, the same thing I asked when you took a chance on me eight years ago. I'm asking you to believe, not in my ability to bring about change but in yours.
I do have one problem.
I do have one question.
I do have one request.
I do have one.
I do have some control over it.
I do have some questions.
I do have three seats down towards the other end.
I do have to eat something.
I do hear something.
I do hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
I do hope Tom and Mary do what they say they'll do.
I do hope Tom and Mary get better.
I do hope Tom does what he says he'll do.
I do hope Tom gets better.
I do hope Tom gets well soon.
I do hope Tom is OK.
I do hope Tom is all right.
I do hope Tom is happy.
I do hope Tom isn't going to try to do that by himself.
I do hope Tom wasn't injured.
I do hope everything will go smoothly.
I do hope it won't rain tomorrow.
I do hope it'll clear up.
I do hope so.
I do hope that Tom does what he says he'll do.
I do hope that Tom gets well soon.
I do hope that Tom is OK.
I do hope that Tom is all right.
I do hope that Tom is happy.
I do hope that he will get well soon.
I do hope that it won't rain tomorrow.
I do hope that we can put that behind us and move on.
I do hope that you enjoy the rest of your day.
I do hope that you get well soon.
I do hope there isn't a problem.
I do hope there'll be people I know at the party.
I do hope there's an index in this textbook.
I do hope we can put that behind us and move on.
I do hope we don't lose.
I do hope we get there in time.
I do hope you can come stay with us for a while next summer.
I do hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I do hope you enjoyed the dinner.
I do hope you get well soon.
I do hope you haven't done anything stupid.
I do hope you understand me.
I do hope you understand.
I do hope you will come and visit us soon.
I do hope you will get well soon.
I do hope you won't be offended.
I do hope you'll come again.
I do hope you'll come and visit us soon.
I do hope you'll come back again.
I do hope you'll get well soon.
I do hope you'll succeed.
I do hope you're feeling well.
I do hope you're right.
I do hope you’ll come again.
I do hope you’ll succeed.
I do indeed know quite a lot, but I'd like to know everything.
I do it all the time.
I do it as I was instructed.
I do it because I can.
I do it because I enjoy it.
I do it because I have to.
I do it because I like to do it.
I do it because I want to.
I do it because it makes me feel powerful and good.
I do it because of the only thing that motivates me: social gratification.
I do it every Saturday morning.
I do it every Sunday morning.
I do it for money.
I do it for the applause.
I do it for you.
I do it just as a hobby.
I do it mainly for myself.
I do it not just for the money.
I do it once a year.
I do it without any problems.
I do it, too.
I do it.
I do judo.
I do kind of like Anna.
I do know how it's going to end.
I do know how to find them.
I do know it isn't right.
I do know it's not right.
I do know that it isn't right.
I do know that it's not right.
I do know that you're not asleep.
I do know that.
I do know this is my own fault.
I do know when your plane will land, but not when it takes off.
I do know where Waddinxveen is. I live in Amsterdam myself, have you ever been there?
I do learn things, and I guess that's what's important.
I do like Algiers.
I do like Tom a lot.
I do like Tom very much.
I do like Tom.
I do like Tom. I just don't want to have dinner with him four nights in a row.
I do like a challenge.
I do like classical music!
I do like fish.
I do like her, even though I have not met her.
I do like him, even though I have never met him.
I do like him.
I do like hot dogs.
I do like how Tom thinks.
I do like ice cream.
I do like the way you think.
I do like to have fun.
I do like to think that our town is safe.
I do like tomato sauce with my chips.
I do like travelling.
I do like watching him when he is asleep.
I do like you.
I do lots of sports, dance, gym or other physical activities.
I do love Finland, but I can't stand the Finns.
I do love Halloween.
I do love Tom.
I do love animals.
I do love doing that.
I do love flowers.
I do love her.
I do love singing with Tom.
I do love swimming.
I do love them.
I do love you.
I do love your car, I love it.
I do make mistakes.
I do many things at the same time, so not only am I reading things by Akutagawa, I've also increased the amount of time I spend reading in English and I also read a little in German every day.
I do mean that.
I do mind.
I do miss Boston.
I do miss Kabylie.
I do miss Tom.
I do more than a hundred kilometres a day.
I do much to prevent making mistakes.
I do my English homework in Latin, my Latin in Economics, and my Economics before school.
I do my best proofreading after I hit 'send'.
I do my best to avoid creating content.
I do my best to avoid talking about politics.
I do my best to not to go bankrupt.
I do my best.
I do my homework after school.
I do my homework as soon as I get home.
I do my job well.
I do my own cooking.
I do my own stunts.
I do my own taxes.
I do my own thing.
I do my research whenever I donate to a charity.
I do my work well.
I do need a drink.
I do need a vacation!
I do need a vacation.
I do need help.
I do need one favor.
I do need to do that today.
I do need you.
I do need your help.
I do not accept your excuse.
I do not accept your suggestion.
I do not agree with this decision.
I do not agree with you at all.
I do not agree with you on this.
I do not agree with you.
I do not agree.
I do not allow sleeping in class.
I do not altogether agree with you, but that is a fair point you have raised.
I do not always return home on Sundays.
I do not and never will feed my dog raw fish.
I do not appear to be getting any younger.
I do not argue with obstinate men. I act in spite of them.
I do not ask myself this question.
I do not ask you for your opinion.
I do not become sad when I do not talk to people. Buddhists practice nonattachment. And Animists may prefer the company of trees and squirrels.
I do not believe him.
I do not believe in Allah.
I do not believe in God anymore.
I do not believe in God.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
I do not believe in a personal God and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it.
I do not believe in centrism.
I do not believe in conservatism.
I do not believe in liberalism.
I do not believe in libertarianism.
I do not believe in magic spells.
I do not believe in miraculous transformations.
I do not believe in pacifism.
I do not believe in socialism.
I do not believe in that.
I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any church that I know of.
I do not believe in the existence of God.
I do not believe in this theory.
I do not believe in you.
I do not believe it.
I do not believe progress is possible if our desire to preserve our identities gives way to an impulse to dehumanize or dominate another group. If our religion leads us to persecute those of another faith, if we jail or beat people who are gay, if our traditions lead us to prevent girls from going to school, if we discriminate on the basis of race or tribe or ethnicity, then the fragile bonds of civilization will fray.
I do not believe that God exists.
I do not believe that he can speak Hebrew.
I do not believe that he is a lawyer.
I do not believe that humanity is the centre of creation.
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew.
I do not believe that the hornet returns the stolen honey to the bees.
I do not believe that there is a ghost here at all.
I do not believe that there was ever in Spain a Minister so highly favoured by the reigning Prince, so powerful as I became.
I do not believe that you can speak Hebrew.
I do not believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
I do not believe there is an easy language. For me, all of them are difficult.
I do not believe this at all.
I do not believe what I hear.
I do not believe you.
I do not belong here.
I do not care about Tom's opinion: it has no value to me.
I do not care at all.
I do not care for earthly matters.
I do not care for fame.
I do not care for him.
I do not care for lore and plot. Gameplay is paramount.
I do not care for such a novel.
I do not care if our team wins or loses.
I do not cling to life sufficiently to fear death.
I do not come as an enemy, but as a friend.
I do not come to work to be spoken to like that.
I do not condone acts of violence.
I do not consider her choice of music a happy one.
I do not consider myself able to translate, reasonably well, any sentence into Toki Pona.
I do not cut their hair.
I do not dare to promise something.
I do not degrade you. I purify you.
I do not deny but that it is true.
I do not desert.
I do not deserve it.
I do not deserve to be misunderstood in this way, for I never did a dishonorable act in my life.
I do not desire to retaliate.
I do not dictate your lessons.
I do not dismiss the many forms of Animism, including Shinto and Dao, as well as other Native around this world.
I do not do sports.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I do not doubt that he is sincere.
I do not doubt that you will soon repent of this thing.
I do not drink a lot of wine.
I do not drink alcohol.
I do not drink coffee.
I do not eat breakfast.
I do not eat meat, fish, shellfish, poultry or broth.
I do not eat panettone, because I do not like candied fruits.
I do not envy the people at the White House.
I do not eschew an elevated style of speech, especially when my interlocutors are themselves well read.
I do not even have a penny.
I do not even know what to say to that.
I do not even know where to start.
I do not ever want to do anything bad again.
I do not exist.
I do not expect anything from anyone.
I do not expect details.
I do not expect the end of the world, but the end of darkness.
I do not expect you to subscribe to my opinion.
I do not fancy his appearance.
I do not fancy romantic comedies.
I do not fear death, but dying.
I do not fear death.
I do not fear terrorists but those who want to make us fear terrorists to be able to reduce our freedom.
I do not feel any anger after what you said.
I do not feel free!
I do not feel great.
I do not feel guilty.
I do not feel like doing it.
I do not feel like drinking beer tonight.
I do not feel like it anymore.
I do not feel like sleeping every night.
I do not feel like walking.
I do not feel myself equal to the task.
I do not feel obligated.
I do not feel sad.
I do not feel well today.
I do not for a moment think you are wrong.
I do not forgive you at all.
I do not get up early.
I do not give Tom permission to do that again.
I do not go to school.
I do not have American nationality.
I do not have a Japanese friend.
I do not have a bicycle.
I do not have a car, just a cycle.
I do not have a cat.
I do not have a family.
I do not have a lot of money.
I do not have a mother tongue.
I do not have a red cent to my name.
I do not have a sister.
I do not have a stamp.
I do not have a telly at home.
I do not have access to his safety deposit box.
I do not have an account in these forums.
I do not have an explanation for that.
I do not have any change at all.
I do not have any evidence.
I do not have any money to buy a new bicycle.
I do not have any money.
I do not have any more subjects.
I do not have any more time.
I do not have any stomach problems.
I do not have anyone to talk to.
I do not have anything I do not like.
I do not have anything I need to say to Tom.
I do not have anything in my bag.
I do not have enemies.
I do not have money with me at the moment.
I do not have much money on hand.
I do not have much time.
I do not have the bandwidth to talk to you right now.
I do not have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
I do not have the courage to fight them.
I do not have the courage to walk close to him.
I do not have the foggiest idea.
I do not have the habit of buying sweets.
I do not have the key.
I do not have the keys.
I do not have the time to discuss this nonsense.
I do not have the time to discuss this now.
I do not have time for dying.
I do not have to listen to that.
I do not have to study Japanese.
I do not have to take your insults!
I do not have what you are asking for.
I do not hold a grudge against you.
I do not hug her.
I do not intend on ever having children.
I do not intend to do so.
I do not intend to make friends in Latvia.
I do not intend to quit at all.
I do not intend to repeat myself.
I do not interfere there.
I do not know Berber at all.
I do not know any of them.
I do not know any reading more easy, more fascinating, more delightful than a catalogue.
I do not know anybody.
I do not know anyone from the German delegation.
I do not know anything about him.
I do not know anything about his escape to another country.
I do not know anything about their escape to another country.
I do not know every one of them.
I do not know exactly.
I do not know for certain what she is going to do.
I do not know for certain when he will come.
I do not know him as a thief.
I do not know how Brazilians say 'aardvark' in their mother tongue.
I do not know how far Sherlock Holmes took any sleep that night, but when I came down to breakfast I found him pale and harassed, his bright eyes the brighter for the dark shadows round them.
I do not know how much it can cost now.
I do not know how much water there is here. I do not see the bottom.
I do not know how she manages to live telling lies.
I do not know how to distinguish between our waking life and a dream. Are we not always living the life that we imagine we are?
I do not know how to drive a car.
I do not know how to drive.
I do not know how to read nor write.
I do not know how to talk in front of people.
I do not know how to translate the phrase "pastry cutters for Christmas cookies".
I do not know how to use it.
I do not know if I did well enough to get accepted.
I do not know if I will be on Skype for a while.
I do not know if he is Spanish or Argentinian.
I do not know if it is love.
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
I do not know if there is a hospital around here.
I do not know if we need this.
I do not know if, to use your manner of speech, he loves you; but I know that he will return.
I do not know it well.
I do not know my address.
I do not know that dance.
I do not know that gentleman.
I do not know that lady.
I do not know the combination.
I do not know the contents of the box.
I do not know the contents of the crate.
I do not know the direction they took.
I do not know the meaning of hatred.
I do not know the name of the composer who wrote this music.
I do not know the rest, because it is in Chinese.
I do not know the synonym of this word.
I do not know the train schedules, could you find out for me?
I do not know the truth.
I do not know the woman talking to our teacher.
I do not know this lady.
I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
I do not know what I will do.
I do not know what Tom has against Boston.
I do not know what he had done.
I do not know what is going on between them.
I do not know what is in the box.
I do not know what is in the crate.
I do not know what is to become of me; I think I shall go mad, I am so much in love with that girl, and I have no means of finding out who she is.
I do not know what kind of men they are.
I do not know what might help you.
I do not know what my weight is in kilograms. I only know it in pounds.
I do not know what other people do to this.
I do not know what reason there was why you did not send me a letter.
I do not know what she is going to say.
I do not know what the baby laughs about.
I do not know what these bright spots are on Ceres, but when they find out, most likely it will not turn out to be anything impressive ... Just rocks and dust.
I do not know what to buy her for her birthday.
I do not know what to do in such cases.
I do not know what to do now.
I do not know what to do to get through this month.
I do not know what to think of all that.
I do not know what to think.
I do not know what to write in this sentence.
I do not know what we are going to do with that child.
I do not know what you mean.
I do not know what you want from me.
I do not know when she can come.
I do not know when she will come back.
I do not know where I left the keys.
I do not know where I'm going.
I do not know where Mary lives.
I do not know where that guy came from. He just popped up out of nowhere.
I do not know where to drive in the street.
I do not know where to start.
I do not know where to wait for her.
I do not know whether it is good or not.
I do not know whether that is what Tom wants or not.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
I do not know whether to go home.
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
I do not know who else loves you more than I do.
I do not know who he is.
I do not know who is good enough for him.
I do not know who she is.
I do not know who these men are.
I do not know why I am angry.
I do not know why I am here.
I do not know why I said that.
I do not know why everything is wet.
I do not know why she thinks of herself as a burden.
I do not know.
I do not like Mary's living there alone.
I do not like Mary, nor will I ever like her.
I do not like Mary’s living there alone.
I do not like a big desk lamp.
I do not like any kind of sports.
I do not like any of these desserts.
I do not like any of these hats.
I do not like anyone to intrude when I am working.
I do not like beer.
I do not like both of them.
I do not like broccoli and I haven’t liked it since I was a little kid and my mother made me eat it.
I do not like cats and my brother does not either.
I do not like conflicts.
I do not like either of them.
I do not like green tea.
I do not like him either.
I do not like him, but I like her.
I do not like his inflated poetry or his vacuous comments on literature.
I do not like ice cream.
I do not like it when people talk about me behind my back.
I do not like it when someone drives in front of me.
I do not like jam.
I do not like making mistakes.
I do not like mathematics very much.
I do not like music.
I do not like people staring at me.
I do not like playing sports at all.
I do not like profanity.
I do not like reading beer labels.
I do not like red meat, but I love chicken.
I do not like science.
I do not like seeing animals get eaten alive.
I do not like spring.
I do not like tattoos on girls.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I do not like that thought.
I do not like that.
I do not like the fish.
I do not like the habit certain tennis players have when they bounce the ball excessively before serving, especially on important points. Bouncing the ball more than, say, 10 times should be penalised for deliberately delaying the play.
I do not like the house.
I do not like the rain.
I do not like the rich.
I do not like the smell of garlic.
I do not like the way he talks.
I do not like the way he treats others.
I do not like this girl.
I do not like this music myself, but there is no arguing about taste.
I do not like this song.
I do not like this store.
I do not like to be alone in the dark.
I do not like to be yelled at!
I do not like to eat tomatoes.
I do not like to make mistakes.
I do not like to perform in front of others.
I do not like to share my ice cream with you.
I do not like to sit idle.
I do not like to take on any more work.
I do not like wearing anybody else's clothes.
I do not like wearing anybody else’s clothes.
I do not like work even when someone else is doing it.
I do not like you!
I do not like you.
I do not like your arrogant tone!
I do not live to eat, but eat to live.
I do not look my age.
I do not love him any longer.
I do not love him anymore.
I do not love him the less for his faults.
I do not make much of that discovery.
I do not mean to ask you to accept anything without reasonable ground for it.
I do not mince words.
I do not mind what people say.
I do not mind what you do.
I do not mind.
I do not mistrust the future; I do not fear what is ahead. For our problems are large, but our heart is larger. Our challenges are great, but our will is greater. And if our flaws are endless, God's love is truly boundless.
I do not much care for this kind of drink.
I do not need a car, just so that I could go to some uninteresting place.
I do not need a lawyer.
I do not need a loan anymore.
I do not need a residence permit because I am from Iceland.
I do not need anybody.
I do not need anyone.
I do not need anything from you.
I do not need money now.
I do not need to go to the office on Saturday.
I do not need to work anymore.
I do not object to your learning English for the sake of acquiring knowledge or for the sake of earning your livelihood but I object to your giving so much importance to English and giving a low place to your national language, Hindi. I do not think it is right on your part to use in your conversation with your friends and relatives any other language than your national language or your mother tongue. Have love for your own language.
I do not opine that Hinduism is like a messianic complex.
I do not pay their wages.
I do not perceive any taste.
I do not plan on ever having children.
I do not plan on participating in the horrors of war.
I do not plan their work.
I do not play tennis as much as I used to.
I do not play the piano.
I do not program their integrated circuits.
I do not purport to be an expert on this topic.
I do not put my complete confidence in him.
I do not put sugar in the coffee.
I do not quite agree with you.
I do not quite understand what you mean.
I do not react well to surprises.
I do not read books.
I do not read his novels.
I do not read his stories.
I do not read.
I do not really prefer English text. The badly distorted grapheme-to-phoneme relationships are really ugly. Silent letters, double letters, distorted diphthongs, awkward letter sequences, mumbled syllables, etc. are really disorganization. Because, being a linguist, I can compare with other languages, I am aware of these things.
I do not really remember that girl anymore.
I do not really treat languages by anthropomorphism or anthropocentrism. An algebra is not a person. A calculus is not a person.
I do not recommend any movies to them.
I do not recommend this art gallery.
I do not recommend this cafe.
I do not regret having lived, since I have lived well.
I do not regret meeting you.
I do not regret what happened last night.
I do not reject anyone but I value what belongs to me.
I do not remember any of it.
I do not remember if I have already added salt.
I do not remember many things any more.
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
I do not remember where I met Tom the first time.
I do not remember where I saw the man over there.
I do not remember you.
I do not remember.
I do not rent out my garages to them.
I do not respect her.
I do not respect him.
I do not respect the law.
I do not scream!
I do not see camachiles, also known as monkeypods, in fruit markets in North America.
I do not see men here.
I do not see snake fruits in fruit markets in North America.
I do not see women here.
I do not see your mirror, but I see my chain.
I do not see your son.
I do not sharpen your swords.
I do not show them.
I do not sing.
I do not skim their milk.
I do not sleep well.
I do not speak Arabic.
I do not speak Armenian.
I do not speak Berber but I will do my best to pronounce these names properly.
I do not speak Berber.
I do not speak Chinese.
I do not speak English.
I do not speak English. I speak Globish.
I do not speak French fluently enough.
I do not speak Greek.
I do not speak Japanese.
I do not speak Latvian.
I do not speak Polish.
I do not speak spanish.
I do not speak to him about this thing.
I do not spit on you.
I do not submit to the law. I am the law!
I do not suffer from megalomania. Great people never have it.
I do not suggest you do this.
I do not support the theory that one has to study Latin in order to understand English better.
I do not suspect that his opinion is any different from ours.
I do not take kindly to ignorant people.
I do not take kindly to those who abuse their power.
I do not take kindly to those who take advantage of the powerless.
I do not take other people's things.
I do not take shit home, I tell straight away. Fuck off!
I do not talk about politics.
I do not think German is difficult.
I do not think Tom has a dog.
I do not think about England, whilst I write in English.
I do not think he will ever get over the loss of his wife.
I do not think it will rain this afternoon.
I do not think it will rain tomorrow.
I do not think of you.
I do not think so.
I do not think that he will come.
I do not think that requires much comment.
I do not think that she is at home.
I do not think that you need to live in a country where people speak your target language in order to be able to speak it, but certainly you need real contact with the language in order to have perfect command of it.
I do not think their plan will work out.
I do not think there will be rain tomorrow.
I do not think they will accept these terms and conditions.
I do not think they would do it, they're not stupid.
I do not tolerate being looked down upon in any capacity.
I do not tolerate disobedience.
I do not tolerate insubordination.
I do not trust a single word that comes out of their mouths.
I do not trust governments.
I do not trust him any longer.
I do not trust my government.
I do not trust my memory, so I write everything down.
I do not trust talkative people.
I do not understand Polish.
I do not understand Tom's ostensible contempt for the sartorial concerns of his peers.
I do not understand anything.
I do not understand everything, but it seems to me interesting.
I do not understand her.
I do not understand how Victor and David can get on so well.
I do not understand that word in isolation. Could you give me some context?
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
I do not understand the news.
I do not understand the problem; I could make neither head nor tail of it.
I do not understand the sentence.
I do not understand these words.
I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do.
I do not understand what you are trying to say.
I do not understand why you are so negative and annoyed about this. Let us be happy with each other! Let us be optimistic! Let us say: The Netherlands can do it again! The VOC mentality, looking over borders, powerful! Hmm?
I do not understand you very well.
I do not understand you.
I do not understand your English.
I do not understand your question.
I do not understand.
I do not understand. What's the point of this task?
I do not urinate much.
I do not vote. The politicians are all unlikeable.
I do not want any bananas at all.
I do not want any milk at all.
I do not want any money.
I do not want any one to read my book carelessly.
I do not want any sandwiches.
I do not want any.
I do not want anybody at all.
I do not want anybody else.
I do not want anyone for this job.
I do not want anything from anybody.
I do not want anything from you.
I do not want everybody to think like me.
I do not want her to worry.
I do not want him to be careless.
I do not want him to worry.
I do not want just bread but cookies.
I do not want money. I just want love.
I do not want them to worry.
I do not want to argue with you.
I do not want to ask for wine.
I do not want to be with anybody.
I do not want to bother.
I do not want to catch a cold.
I do not want to cause you any trouble.
I do not want to clean up dog poop.
I do not want to come.
I do not want to cut my wrists.
I do not want to disappoint you.
I do not want to drink your tea.
I do not want to eat.
I do not want to examine the cause, because then I would have to cross into politics. I would like to avoid that. I'm just telling the truth as it is.
I do not want to exert myself in vain.
I do not want to fight Theodore Roosevelt.
I do not want to get up early to work hard.
I do not want to get you in trouble.
I do not want to go anywhere.
I do not want to go to jail.
I do not want to go to school today.
I do not want to go to the cellar.
I do not want to go to the theater.
I do not want to hear any "ifs" or "buts" right now.
I do not want to hear your complaints again.
I do not want to hurt you.
I do not want to imitate the many who first use up their health to seek money and then use up their money to seek health.
I do not want to interfere, but I can not leave it at that.
I do not want to know this.
I do not want to know you.
I do not want to leave this job.
I do not want to make a mistake.
I do not want to pay.
I do not want to rack my brain to understand.
I do not want to reject this claim.
I do not want to reply to his letter.
I do not want to see anyone today.
I do not want to see their perverted smirks.
I do not want to stay here.
I do not want to take revenge.
I do not want to talk about it anymore.
I do not want to talk about that now.
I do not want to talk to virgins over forty years old.
I do not want to travel this year.
I do not want to waste the best years of my life for you.
I do not want to work.
I do not want you for your cooking only.
I do not want you to keep me company.
I do not want you to serve me.
I do not want you to worry!
I do not want you to worry.
I do not want your houses.
I do not wash myself.
I do not watch television.
I do not wish to answer.
I do not wish to get even.
I do not wish to know that.
I do not wish to recall this bad time nor the worse that ante-dated my departure, when I was at the mercy of venal doctors and indifferent nurses, dependent on grudged bad service and overpaid inattention, taking a so-called rest cure.
I do not work for free.
I do not work on Sunday.
I do not work on weekends.
I do not work so you can be lazy and rest all day long!
I do not work with Tom.
I do not work.
I do not write sentences about Tom or Mary as I find them to be too repetitive.
I do nothing of the kind.
I do nothing.
I do notice it.
I do occasionally sleep very well.
I do odd jobs right and left.
I do odd jobs.
I do only what I have to do.
I do only what I need to do.
I do only what I want to do.
I do other people's work.
I do owe Tom a favor.
I do plainly and ingenuously confess that I am guilty of corruption, and do renounce all defense. I beseech your Lordships to be merciful to a broken reed.
I do pray sometimes.
I do pretty well for myself.
I do pretty well.
I do profess to be no less than I seem.
I do push-ups and pull-ups on the horizontal bar.
I do read those books you gave me.
I do realise that.
I do realize different people have different opinions. However, I also realize that, strangely enough, my opinions all just so happen to be correct without fail, while those held by others are always wrong.
I do realize that.
I do really want to watch this match, but I'm not sure if I have the time.
I do remember doing that.
I do remember it.
I do remember meeting you before.
I do remember our house in Kabylie.
I do remember seeing Sami a bit fat, but I have never imagined that he would get as fat as this.
I do remember that.
I do remember the day very well.
I do remember the incident quite well.
I do remember this one very well.
I do remember you were in Boston for a short while.
I do remember.
I do run.
I do see some local East Indians tending more towards blue Interlingua.
I do see them.
I do serve you in this business.
I do so much for you, but you do nothing for me.
I do so recognizing that change cannot happen overnight.
I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.
I do some light exercise every morning.
I do some work for Tom from time to time.
I do something else.
I do sports almost every day.
I do sports every day for one hour.
I do sports every day.
I do sports in order to stay healthy.
I do still love you, Mary, even if you are getting old.
I do study a lot.
I do swim almost every day.
I do sympathize with you.
I do talk a lot.
I do tend to babble at times.
I do that a lot.
I do that about three hours every day.
I do that after school sometimes.
I do that all the time.
I do that almost every day.
I do that as much as Tom does.
I do that as much as Tom.
I do that as often as I can.
I do that as often as Tom does.
I do that as often as Tom.
I do that as well as Tom does.
I do that as well as Tom.
I do that at least once a day.
I do that at least once a week.
I do that because I have to.
I do that because I like to.
I do that because I want to.
I do that differently.
I do that every Monday morning.
I do that every chance I get.
I do that every chance that I get.
I do that every day at 2:30.
I do that every day for my health.
I do that every day.
I do that every now and then.
I do that every week.
I do that for Tom.
I do that for a living.
I do that for the money.
I do that from time to time.
I do that here.
I do that in a different way.
I do that more than once a week.
I do that more than you do.
I do that occasionally.
I do that off and on.
I do that often, but not every day.
I do that on Mondays, too.
I do that on Mondays.
I do that once a week.
I do that once a year.
I do that quite a lot.
I do that several times a year.
I do that sometimes.
I do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
I do that the same way Tom does.
I do that this way.
I do that three hours every day.
I do that three times a year.
I do that twice a week.
I do that unconsciously, I guess.
I do that very often.
I do that whenever I can.
I do that whenever I get a chance to.
I do that whenever I get the chance to.
I do that whenever I get the chance.
I do that whenever I have a chance to.
I do that whenever I have a chance.
I do that whenever I have free time.
I do that whenever the opportunity presents itself.
I do that, too.
I do that.
I do the best I can with what I have available at the time.
I do the best I can.
I do the cleaning with the vacuum, and all the dust and the old apprehensions disappear.
I do the dishes in a hotel.
I do the dishes with my hands.
I do the dragon's voice.
I do the laundry on Sundays.
I do the laundry.
I do the same as he does.
I do the same thing every night.
I do the same with them.
I do the shopping every morning.
I do things at my own pace.
I do things in my own way.
I do things like that.
I do think I understand.
I do think Mary is beautiful.
I do think Tom did that on purpose.
I do think Tom shouldn't ask Mary to do that.
I do think Tom will be there.
I do think it's a pity.
I do think it's possible.
I do think it's wrong of her.
I do think people will use it.
I do think so.
I do think that Tom and Mary are dangerous.
I do think that Tom is dangerous.
I do think that it is a pity.
I do think that it's a pity.
I do think that people will use it.
I do think that there still is a chance that that'll happen.
I do think that there still is a chance that'll happen.
I do think there's hope.
I do think this is understandable.
I do think this isn't good.
I do thirty pushups a day.
I do this after school.
I do this all the time!
I do this almost every day.
I do this because I like you.
I do this every Monday morning.
I do this every day.
I do this for a living.
I do this for the fun of it.
I do this for the money.
I do this in my spare time.
I do this job not for the money, but rather for my happiness.
I do this only in the summer.
I do this too!
I do this too.
I do this with you all the time.
I do this work for free, simply for the pleasure of doing it.
I do this.
I do too.
I do travel quite a bit.
I do trust you, Tom.
I do try not to be in the same place Tom is more than I have to.
I do try not to come here more often than I have to.
I do try not to do that more than I have to.
I do try not to go there more than I have to.
I do try not to talk to Tom more than I have to.
I do try to speak very plainly.
I do understand that it isn't so easy.
I do understand.
I do very much. Thank you.
I do want it.
I do want this dress but not the other one.
I do want to be remembered.
I do want to be your friend.
I do want to do that again.
I do want to do that at least once again.
I do want to do that at least one more time.
I do want to do that.
I do want to do the sights of Boston.
I do want to do the sights of Kyoto.
I do want to go on the trip, but I'll hold off this time.
I do want to go to Australia.
I do want to go to Italy.
I do want to go with you.
I do want to know Warsaw.
I do want to know what you found out.
I do want to learn!
I do want to lend you money.
I do want to open it.
I do want to see you.
I do want to travel to the mountains, but on another occasion.
I do weird stuff sometimes.
I do what I can.
I do what I enjoy.
I do what I have to do.
I do what I like.
I do what I think is right.
I do what I want to do.
I do what I want when I want!
I do what I want, where I want and when I want.
I do what I want.
I do what I'm told to do.
I do what I'm told.
I do what everybody else does.
I do what is best for my country.
I do what is required.
I do what makes me happy.
I do what other people won't do.
I do what other people won't.
I do what's best for my country.
I do whatever I feel like.
I do whatever I want.
I do whatever Tom asks.
I do whatever the heck I want.
I do wish Tom and Mary would quit arguing.
I do wish Tom would stop calling me that.
I do wish that Tom and Mary would quit arguing.
I do wish we could finish today.
I do wonder - why is he late?
I do work hard.
I do work related to computers.
I do worry about Tom's health.
I do worry about it.
I do worry.
I do yoga every morning.
I do yoga in the park.
I do, unfortunately.
I documented those death threats and called the police.
I don' think Tom expected to be here for so long.
I don't Tom would be stupid enough to do that by himself.
I don't accept any kind of comment during my class.
I don't accept charity, even when the intentions are good.
I don't accept friendship from people I don't know.
I don't accept gifts.
I don't accept it.
I don't accept that diagnosis.
I don't accept that.
I don't accept the existence of Satan.
I don't accept the existence of the Devil.
I don't accept the invitation!
I don't accept the legitimacy of this government.
I don't accept the proposal! And that's it!
I don't accept them.
I don't accept your apology.
I don't accept your arguments.
I don't accept your excuse.
I don't accompany the children to school.
I don't act anymore.
I don't act like you.
I don't actively check sentences most of the time anymore, as a few malicious people's personal attacks burned me out on the task. Lack of moderation leads to lower quality sentences.
I don't actually believe that.
I don't actually do most of those things.
I don't actually do that much.
I don't actually have a plan yet.
I don't actually have any money.
I don't actually have that much money.
I don't actually have them.
I don't actually have to do that.
I don't actually know what to do.
I don't actually live in Australia anymore.
I don't actually live in Australia now.
I don't actually live in Australia.
I don't actually live in Boston anymore.
I don't actually live in Boston now.
I don't actually live in Boston.
I don't actually live inside Boston city limits.
I don't actually live within Boston city limits.
I don't actually live within Boston's city limits.
I don't actually need to do that again.
I don't actually need to do that anymore.
I don't actually need to do that today.
I don't actually need to do that.
I don't actually need your help.
I don't actually own a fursuit.
I don't actually remember how I did that.
I don't actually remember that at all.
I don't actually remember what happened.
I don't actually speak much French.
I don't actually view my work that way.
I don't actually want to do that.
I don't actually work here.
I don't add sentences in Japanese.
I don't add sugar to my coffee.
I don't adhere to any particular political tendency.
I don't adore them.
I don't advise them to buy this car.
I don't agree and I will tell you why.
I don't agree and I'm going to tell you why.
I don't agree at all.
I don't agree to a young lady going there alone.
I don't agree to write this kind of letters.
I don't agree with Ted Kaczynski.
I don't agree with Tom at all.
I don't agree with Tom on much.
I don't agree with Tom on that point.
I don't agree with Tom.
I don't agree with either of you.
I don't agree with everything Tom says.
I don't agree with everything you said.
I don't agree with her.
I don't agree with him at all.
I don't agree with him.
I don't agree with hospitals being run like businesses.
I don't agree with it either, but rules are rules.
I don't agree with it.
I don't agree with most of Tom's thoughts, but I aspire to be able to write something that reads as fluently as his compositions.
I don't agree with segregation of people by race.
I don't agree with that at all.
I don't agree with that myself.
I don't agree with that opinion.
I don't agree with that statement.
I don't agree with that.
I don't agree with the content of this sentence; however, that is not a reason yet to delete it.
I don't agree with the critics.
I don't agree with the decision.
I don't agree with the government's policy on education.
I don't agree with the interpretation of many Christian dogmas.
I don't agree with the premise of your argument.
I don't agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English.
I don't agree with their Islamophobic policies.
I don't agree with their present policy.
I don't agree with them.
I don't agree with these actions.
I don't agree with this assessment.
I don't agree with this.
I don't agree with those rules and I don't care about them.
I don't agree with violation of human rights.
I don't agree with what Tom just said.
I don't agree with what Tom said.
I don't agree with what you just said.
I don't agree with what you're saying.
I don't agree with you at all.
I don't agree with you completely.
I don't agree with you either.
I don't agree with you on that point.
I don't agree with you on that.
I don't agree with you on the matter.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I don't agree with you on this.
I don't agree with you smoking.
I don't agree with you.
I don't agree with your analyses.
I don't agree with your conclusions.
I don't agree with your ideas.
I don't agree with your methods at all.
I don't agree with your point of view.
I don't agree, but I don't care enough to argue.
I don't agree.
I don't allow Tom to do that.
I don't allow Tom to eat candy.
I don't allow Tom to go out much.
I don't allow anyone to disrespect me like that.
I don't allow dogs in my house.
I don't allow him to approach me.
I don't allow it.
I don't allow my children to drink wine.
I don't allow my children to eat candy.
I don't allow my children to eat cookies.
I don't allow my children to eat ice cream.
I don't allow my children to eat junk food.
I don't allow my children to go out after dark.
I don't allow my children to play with Tom anymore.
I don't allow my children to play with Tom.
I don't allow my children to watch TV on school nights.
I don't allow my children to watch more than one hour of TV a day.
I don't allow my kids to watch TV on school nights.
I don't allow myself to have sweets.
I don't allow others to enter my hermetic world.
I don't allow sleeping in class.
I don't allow them to use my Husqvarna chainsaw.
I don't allow you to refer to me as "you".
I don't allow you to smoke.
I don't always approve of his methods.
I don't always arrive on time, but Tom usually does.
I don't always brush my teeth after I eat.
I don't always come home this late.
I don't always contradict myself. But when I do, I don't.
I don't always do it that way.
I don't always do that that way.
I don't always do that.
I don't always do the right thing.
I don't always do this this way.
I don't always do this.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do, but I try to.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to do.
I don't always do what I'm supposed to.
I don't always do what I'm told.
I don't always do what Tom asks me to do, but I try to.
I don't always do what Tom tells me to do, but I usually do.
I don't always do what Tom tells me to do.
I don't always do what my mother tells me to do.
I don't always do what others expect.
I don't always do what's right.
I don't always dress like this.
I don't always eat properly.
I don't always express myself well.
I don't always feel as connected to my boyfriend as I would like to.
I don't always feel this way.
I don't always follow instructions.
I don't always follow traffic regulations.
I don't always get here on time, but I try to.
I don't always get my homework done on time.
I don't always get my homework done.
I don't always get my way.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom and Mary do.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom does.
I don't always get up early, but I usually get up before Tom does.
I don't always get up early.
I don't always go to bed before midnight.
I don't always have Sundays free.
I don't always have access to electricity, so I use a portable acetylene torch for welding.
I don't always have time for breakfast.
I don't always kiss my children goodnight.
I don't always know what I'm talking about, but I know I'm right.
I don't always obey my parents.
I don't always obey the rules.
I don't always put sugar in my tea.
I don't always read the newspaper before going to work.
I don't always sleep so well.
I don't always tell the truth.
I don't always understand everything that you say.
I don't always understand everything you say.
I don't always understand everything you write.
I don't always understand everything you're saying.
I don't always understand what they're saying.
I don't always understand what you say.
I don't always understand what's going on.
I don't always wear a hat.
I don't always wear a tie to work.
I don't always wear sunscreen.
I don't always win, but I often do.
I don't always win.
I don't amuse children.
I don't and never will feed my dog raw fish.
I don't answer stupid questions.
I don't answer the phone when I'm working.
I don't anticipate a problem.
I don't anticipate any problems.
I don't anticipate it stopping.
I don't anticipate that happening.
I don't anticipate that to be a problem.
I don't apologize for anything.
I don't apologize for that.
I don't applaud her.
I don't applaud him.
I don't appreciate Tom's absurd humor.
I don't appreciate Tom's humor.
I don't appreciate Tom's random humor.
I don't appreciate being interrupted.
I don't appreciate being lied to.
I don't appreciate being set up.
I don't appreciate it that you are mocking me!
I don't appreciate meddling in his problems.
I don't appreciate unpunctuality.
I don't appreciate your attitude.
I don't appreciate your behavior.
I don't appreciate your frivolous comments.
I don't appreciate your humor.
I don't appreciate your ignoring me.
I don't appreciate your way of speaking.
I don't approve of his conduct.
I don't approve of his decision.
I don't approve of it.
I don't approve of such goings-on.
I don't approve of that.
I don't approve of the way Tom has been behaving.
I don't approve of the way he bullies others.
I don't approve of them dating each other.
I don't approve of them.
I don't approve of what Tom and Mary have done.
I don't approve of what Tom has done.
I don't approve of your going out with him.
I don't approve of your wasting time.
I don't approve your decision.
I don't ask myself this question as often as I should.
I don't ask questions.
I don't ask them for help.
I don't ask you for anything.
I don't assemble their computers.
I don't associate with Mr Tanaka any more.
I don't associate with Mr. Tanaka any more.
I don't associate with people like Tom.
I don't associate with those people.
I don't assume anything.
I don't attach as much value to school as the other boys.
I don't attack anybody.
I don't attempt to grasp.
I don't attend more often, not because I'm not interested, but because I can't find the time.
I don't back down from anything.
I don't beat them.
I don't begrudge her success; she worked hard for it.
I don't begrudge the time spent with my kids.
I don't believe Atlantis ever existed.
I don't believe God exists.
I don't believe I can do that by myself.
I don't believe I can do that.
I don't believe I can help.
I don't believe I can walk that far in three hours.
I don't believe I can win.
I don't believe I care for any breakfast.
I don't believe I caught your name.
I don't believe I did that.
I don't believe I gave you any reason to treat me like that.
I don't believe I helped.
I don't believe I know Tom.
I don't believe I know where that is.
I don't believe I know you.
I don't believe I know your parents.
I don't believe I was wrong.
I don't believe I will be accused of malintent.
I don't believe I'll do that.
I don't believe I'll win.
I don't believe I'm even standing here.
I don't believe I'm listening to this.
I don't believe I've ever heard of her.
I don't believe I've ever seen that fellow.
I don't believe I've given you reason to act this way with me.
I don't believe I've had the pleasure.
I don't believe I've heard that name.
I don't believe Mary can do it by herself.
I don't believe Mary can do that by herself.
I don't believe Mary can take care of herself.
I don't believe Mary did what Tom said she did.
I don't believe Mary really did that by herself.
I don't believe Mary. I think she's lying.
I don't believe Naomi. I think she's lying.
I don't believe Santa Claus is imaginary.
I don't believe Tom actually did his homework by himself.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are capable of doing something like that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are qualified.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are spies.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can do it by themselves.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I don't believe Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really have to do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really need to do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really want to do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't believe Tom anymore.
I don't believe Tom appreciates the gravity of his situation.
I don't believe Tom at all.
I don't believe Tom can do it by himself.
I don't believe Tom can do that by himself.
I don't believe Tom can do that without some help.
I don't believe Tom can do that.
I don't believe Tom can help us.
I don't believe Tom can speak French.
I don't believe Tom can take care of himself.
I don't believe Tom can win.
I don't believe Tom did it.
I don't believe Tom did that.
I don't believe Tom did what Mary said he did.
I don't believe Tom did what he said he did.
I don't believe Tom expects me to do that.
I don't believe Tom is a lawyer.
I don't believe Tom is a murderer.
I don't believe Tom is a racist.
I don't believe Tom is a spy.
I don't believe Tom is capable of doing something like that.
I don't believe Tom is psychic.
I don't believe Tom is qualified.
I don't believe Tom is really a lawyer.
I don't believe Tom is really going to do that.
I don't believe Tom is still alive.
I don't believe Tom is the killer.
I don't believe Tom is the murderer.
I don't believe Tom overdosed.
I don't believe Tom really did that by himself.
I don't believe Tom really did that.
I don't believe Tom really has to do that.
I don't believe Tom really needs to do that.
I don't believe Tom really plans on doing that this week.
I don't believe Tom really plans to do that this week.
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that again.
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that today.
I don't believe Tom really wants to do that.
I don't believe Tom really wants to win.
I don't believe Tom was able to build his house for less than three thousand dollars.
I don't believe Tom was really able to build his house for less than three thousand dollars.
I don't believe Tom was really shot at.
I don't believe Tom was telling the truth.
I don't believe Tom will cry.
I don't believe Tom will dance.
I don't believe Tom will do that.
I don't believe Tom will ever get married.
I don't believe Tom will help us.
I don't believe Tom will win.
I don't believe Tom would do something like that.
I don't believe Tom would do that by himself.
I don't believe Tom would do that.
I don't believe Tom would ever do that.
I don't believe Tom would really do that.
I don't believe Tom would really want to do that.
I don't believe Tom's stories about Boston.
I don't believe Tom's story.
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.
I don't believe Tom's version.
I don't believe Tom.
I don't believe Tom. I think he's lying.
I don't believe a rose would be as nice if it was called a thistle or a skunk cabbage.
I don't believe a single word he's saying, and suggest you do likewise.
I don't believe a single word of what you're saying.
I don't believe a single word she says.
I don't believe a thing Tom says.
I don't believe a thing they say.
I don't believe a word Tom said.
I don't believe a word Tom says.
I don't believe a word he says.
I don't believe a word of it!
I don't believe a word of it.
I don't believe a word of what Tom just said.
I don't believe a word of what people have been saying about her.
I don't believe a word of what people say about her.
I don't believe a word people say about her.
I don't believe a word you say.
I don't believe a word you're saying.
I don't believe any of it.
I don't believe any of this.
I don't believe any of you.
I don't believe any other language will replace English as the universal language.
I don't believe anybody will do that.
I don't believe anyone anymore.
I don't believe anyone at all.
I don't believe anyone will do that.
I don't believe anyone.
I don't believe anything I haven't seen with my own eyes.
I don't believe anything Tom said.
I don't believe anything Tom says.
I don't believe anything that Tom says.
I don't believe anything those people say.
I don't believe anything you say anymore.
I don't believe anything you say.
I don't believe anything.
I don't believe black cats cause bad luck.
I don't believe either of you.
I don't believe everything I say.
I don't believe everything Tom and Mary tell me.
I don't believe everything Tom says.
I don't believe everything Tom tells me.
I don't believe everything he says anymore.
I don't believe everything she says anymore.
I don't believe for one second that Tom did those things.
I don't believe half of what I've been told about you.
I don't believe half of what Tom says about himself.
I don't believe he always arrives late.
I don't believe he can do it.
I don't believe he could do that.
I don't believe he did it.
I don't believe he is a lawyer.
I don't believe he knows what a vampire is.
I don't believe he'll pass his test.
I don't believe he's a lawyer.
I don't believe he's lying; I know he is.
I don't believe he's older than forty.
I don't believe her anymore.
I don't believe her.
I don't believe him any longer.
I don't believe him any more.
I don't believe him anymore.
I don't believe him at all.
I don't believe him.
I don't believe his story.
I don't believe his story; do you believe it?
I don't believe in Allah.
I don't believe in God anymore.
I don't believe in God, but I used to.
I don't believe in God.
I don't believe in Quran.
I don't believe in Santa Claus.
I don't believe in Santa.
I don't believe in Satan.
I don't believe in abortion.
I don't believe in alien life.
I don't believe in aliens.
I don't believe in angels.
I don't believe in any form of radicalism.
I don't believe in any of that garbage.
I don't believe in anyone else.
I don't believe in anything else he says.
I don't believe in anything else she says.
I don't believe in anything else they say.
I don't believe in anything else.
I don't believe in anything.
I don't believe in astrology, but that doesn't mean that I don't read my horoscope.
I don't believe in astrology.
I don't believe in atheists.
I don't believe in bankers.
I don't believe in banks.
I don't believe in borders and countries.
I don't believe in campaign promises.
I don't believe in centrism.
I don't believe in coincidence.
I don't believe in coincidences.
I don't believe in conspiracies. I put gold powder on my food so my poop looks pretty.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories and in the existence of Australia either.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories. I just believe in facts like the use of depleted uranium explosives and phosphorus bombs in the Middle East and the annihilation of Iraq and Afghanistan for oil and other strategic goals.
I don't believe in conspiracy theories. I think those are just created by a world government.
I don't believe in copyright.
I don't believe in corporal punishment.
I don't believe in curses.
I don't believe in demons.
I don't believe in destiny anymore.
I don't believe in destiny.
I don't believe in devils.
I don't believe in djinns.
I don't believe in extraterrestrials.
I don't believe in fairies.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
I don't believe in fate.
I don't believe in friendship anymore.
I don't believe in ghosts and goblins.
I don't believe in ghosts.
I don't believe in gods; I believe in one God.
I don't believe in group therapy.
I don't believe in hell.
I don't believe in her religion.
I don't believe in her.
I don't believe in him.
I don't believe in his religion.
I don't believe in hypnosis.
I don't believe in karma.
I don't believe in keeping my feelings bottled up.
I don't believe in life after death.
I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe in lust at first sight.
I don't believe in love.
I don't believe in low-carb diets.
I don't believe in luck.
I don't believe in magic spells.
I don't believe in magic.
I don't believe in miracles.
I don't believe in paying for services I don't use.
I don't believe in psychics.
I don't believe in racism.
I don't believe in reincarnation.
I don't believe in religion.
I don't believe in right-wing libertarianism.
I don't believe in soulmates.
I don't believe in space.
I don't believe in spells and charms.
I don't believe in spirits.
I don't believe in superstitions myself.
I don't believe in superstitions.
I don't believe in that stuff.
I don't believe in that.
I don't believe in the Church.
I don't believe in the Devil.
I don't believe in the existence of God.
I don't believe in the same thing you do.
I don't believe in the supernatural anymore.
I don't believe in the supernatural, but I am fascinated by the literary God.
I don't believe in the system of separation that the Israeli government is implementing.
I don't believe in them anymore.
I don't believe in them.
I don't believe in those superstitions.
I don't believe in true love.
I don't believe in turning the other cheek.
I don't believe in voodoo.
I don't believe in you.
I don't believe in your God.
I don't believe in your religion.
I don't believe in your stories.
I don't believe it any longer.
I don't believe it anymore.
I don't believe it at all.
I don't believe it either.
I don't believe it for a minute!
I don't believe it for a second.
I don't believe it happened that way.
I don't believe it is going to rain tomorrow.
I don't believe it myself.
I don't believe it really happened.
I don't believe it was all in vain.
I don't believe it was an accident.
I don't believe it!
I don't believe it's necessary to clean the windows.
I don't believe it's over.
I don't believe it's possible.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe just anyone.
I don't believe most of what Tom says.
I don't believe much of what Tom says.
I don't believe my eyes.
I don't believe one word of it.
I don't believe people who claim to protect women and children while sheltering international sex traffickers.
I don't believe policies are always honest.
I don't believe she can do it.
I don't believe she would understand it.
I don't believe she would understand.
I don't believe so.
I don't believe such a story.
I don't believe such compromise is possible.
I don't believe such things exist.
I don't believe that God exists.
I don't believe that I can do that by myself.
I don't believe that I can help.
I don't believe that I have such great charm.
I don't believe that I know you.
I don't believe that I know your parents.
I don't believe that Mary is in love.
I don't believe that Mary will return.
I don't believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
I don't believe that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I don't believe that Tom and Mary are happy.
I don't believe that Tom can speak French.
I don't believe that Tom can win.
I don't believe that Tom could have said such a thing.
I don't believe that Tom could've said such a thing.
I don't believe that Tom expects me to do that.
I don't believe that Tom is a djinn.
I don't believe that Tom is a lawyer.
I don't believe that Tom is a murderer.
I don't believe that Tom is guilty.
I don't believe that Tom is happy.
I don't believe that Tom is really from Boston.
I don't believe that Tom is the killer.
I don't believe that Tom is the murderer.
I don't believe that Tom overdosed.
I don't believe that Tom really has to do that.
I don't believe that Tom was really able to build his house for less than three thousand dollars.
I don't believe that Tom will return.
I don't believe that Tom would do something like that.
I don't believe that actually happened.
I don't believe that anymore.
I don't believe that anyway.
I don't believe that at all.
I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
I don't believe that cooking is hard.
I don't believe that either.
I don't believe that for a minute.
I don't believe that for a second.
I don't believe that for one moment.
I don't believe that ghosts exist.
I don't believe that happened the way Tom said it did.
I don't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I don't believe that he can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that he's telling the truth.
I don't believe that if I changed my habits I could become healthier.
I don't believe that it happened.
I don't believe that it is my home.
I don't believe that it really happened.
I don't believe that it's over.
I don't believe that man evolved from apes.
I don't believe that man is able to listen to nature.
I don't believe that really happened.
I don't believe that rumor.
I don't believe that she can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
I don't believe that story.
I don't believe that that actually happened.
I don't believe that that happened the way Tom said it did.
I don't believe that that really happened.
I don't believe that that was ever a possibility.
I don't believe that that'll happen.
I don't believe that that's going to happen.
I don't believe that that's the case.
I don't believe that that's the truth.
I don't believe that that's true.
I don't believe that there are ghosts in the world.
I don't believe that there is any evil person in this world.
I don't believe that to be true.
I don't believe that was ever a possibility.
I don't believe that we can do it.
I don't believe that we can do this.
I don't believe that we did anything wrong.
I don't believe that we've ever had a cup of tea together.
I don't believe that will ever happen.
I don't believe that you can do it.
I don't believe that you can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that you didn't see Tom there.
I don't believe that you only bought that.
I don't believe that you really want to hurt Tom.
I don't believe that you will be able to defeat me, but I don't exclude the possibility that you'll make a brave attempt to do so.
I don't believe that you're mentally unbalanced.
I don't believe that your name is really Tom.
I don't believe that'll ever happen.
I don't believe that'll happen.
I don't believe that's going to happen.
I don't believe that's possible.
I don't believe that's the case.
I don't believe that's the truth.
I don't believe that's true.
I don't believe that's what I meant to say.
I don't believe that's what you meant to say.
I don't believe that.
I don't believe that. Do you?
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
I don't believe the rumor about Tom and Mary.
I don't believe the rumors about Tom.
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
I don't believe the rumours. Do you?
I don't believe the things he says at all.
I don't believe the two of you.
I don't believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
I don't believe them anymore.
I don't believe them.
I don't believe there is any doctor here.
I don't believe there is anything in the whole earth that you can't learn in Berlin except the German language.
I don't believe these claims are valid.
I don't believe these conspiracy theories.
I don't believe they can do it.
I don't believe they understood.
I don't believe they would do that.
I don't believe this can happen, as the year-end festivities don't allow a diet.
I don't believe this is a joke.
I don't believe this is happening to me.
I don't believe this is happening.
I don't believe this is really happening.
I don't believe this is true.
I don't believe this story.
I don't believe this theory.
I don't believe this.
I don't believe those rumors about Tom.
I don't believe we can do it.
I don't believe we can do that.
I don't believe we can do this.
I don't believe we have enough time.
I don't believe we need that.
I don't believe we've been formally introduced.
I don't believe we've been introduced.
I don't believe we've ever had a cup of tea together.
I don't believe we've ever met.
I don't believe we've met before.
I don't believe we've met.
I don't believe we've officially met.
I don't believe what I am seeing.
I don't believe what I am watching.
I don't believe what I heard.
I don't believe what I just saw.
I don't believe what I'm hearing.
I don't believe what I'm seeing.
I don't believe what Tom just said.
I don't believe what Tom said.
I don't believe what Tom says.
I don't believe what Tom told me.
I don't believe what Tom told us.
I don't believe what he says.
I don't believe what you're saying.
I don't believe you anymore.
I don't believe you can do it.
I don't believe you can do that.
I don't believe you did that.
I don't believe you didn't see Tom there.
I don't believe you just said that.
I don't believe you really did that.
I don't believe you really have to do that.
I don't believe you really mean that.
I don't believe you really need to do that.
I don't believe you really want to do that.
I don't believe you really want to hurt Tom.
I don't believe you two are acquainted.
I don't believe you!
I don't believe you'll defeat me, but I don't deny you'll make a brave attempt.
I don't believe you're guilty.
I don't believe you're right.
I don't believe you've met Tom.
I don't believe you've met him.
I don't believe you, and neither will anyone else.
I don't believe you, regardless what you say.
I don't believe you.
I don't believe you. You're always lying.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
I don't believe your boasts.
I don't believe your explanation.
I don't believe your name is really Tom.
I don't believe your stories.
I don't believe your story.
I don't believe!
I don't belong here.
I don't belong in his group of friends.
I don't belong in jail.
I don't belong to any club.
I don't belong to anyone.
I don't belong to the club.
I don't belong to them.
I don't belong to this kind of women.
I don't belong to you.
I don't belong.
I don't bet anymore.
I don't betray my friends.
I don't bite, you know.
I don't bite.
I don't blame Tom a bit.
I don't blame Tom for anything.
I don't blame Tom for being mad at Mary.
I don't blame Tom for being mad.
I don't blame Tom for crying.
I don't blame Tom for doing that.
I don't blame Tom for getting angry.
I don't blame Tom for his decision.
I don't blame Tom for hitting Mary.
I don't blame Tom for losing his temper.
I don't blame Tom for retiring.
I don't blame Tom for that.
I don't blame Tom for this.
I don't blame Tom for what happened.
I don't blame Tom for what he did.
I don't blame Tom one bit.
I don't blame Tom.
I don't blame Yanni one bit.
I don't blame anybody but myself.
I don't blame anybody else.
I don't blame anybody.
I don't blame anyone but myself.
I don't blame anyone.
I don't blame her for that.
I don't blame her for this.
I don't blame her.
I don't blame him for that.
I don't blame him for this.
I don't blame him.
I don't blame them for this.
I don't blame them.
I don't blame you a bit.
I don't blame you for anything.
I don't blame you for being mad.
I don't blame you for doing that.
I don't blame you for getting angry.
I don't blame you for hating me.
I don't blame you for hitting him.
I don't blame you for not knowing this, for you are young and inexperienced.
I don't blame you for not knowing this.
I don't blame you for not wanting to go.
I don't blame you for putting off our trip.
I don't blame you for that.
I don't blame you for the accident. It wasn't your fault.
I don't blame you for the accident; it was not your fault.
I don't blame you for this.
I don't blame you for what happened.
I don't blame you for what you did.
I don't blame you if you hate me.
I don't blame you one bit.
I don't blame you people.
I don't blame you personally.
I don't blame you.
I don't blame you. I blame Tom.
I don't bleed from my nose.
I don't blindly follow the beliefs of others.
I don't borrow them.
I don't bother centipedes and they don't bother me.
I don't bother you anymore.
I don't break anything.
I don't breast-feed their babies.
I don't brush my teeth as many times a day as Tom does.
I don't brush my teeth as often as I should.
I don't brush their hair.
I don't build their cabins.
I don't burden my memory with details that can be found in the dictionary.
I don't burn them.
I don't butcher their cattle.
I don't button their shirts.
I don't buy a lot of candy.
I don't buy a lot of sweets.
I don't buy bread.
I don't buy dairy products because I'm lactose intolerant.
I don't buy into that anymore.
I don't buy into this whole thing of being normal. There's no such thing as normal.
I don't buy it.
I don't buy lottery tickets.
I don't buy my bread at the supermarket. I go to the bakery.
I don't buy or sell anything!
I don't buy that either.
I don't buy that.
I don't buy that. Your logic is faulty, and your example is nonsense.
I don't buy the story you told.
I don't buy this report at all.
I don't buy ties anymore, because I don't need any more ties.
I don't buy white bread anymore.
I don't call it colonization, I call it systematic raw materials exploitation.
I don't call this a spider; I would call it a monster.
I don't cancel their meetings.
I don't care a bean.
I don't care a bit about the future.
I don't care a damn what people think of me.
I don't care a fig about it!
I don't care a rap.
I don't care a whit.
I don't care about Christianity, Islam or other religions as they have been manipulated and no longer tell the truth about the real nature of this world.
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it!
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it.
I don't care about Instagram.
I don't care about Jesus.
I don't care about Tom anymore.
I don't care about Tom's past.
I don't care about Tom's personal life.
I don't care about Tom's plans.
I don't care about Tom.
I don't care about any of that.
I don't care about any of this.
I don't care about any of those things.
I don't care about anybody else.
I don't care about anyone but myself.
I don't care about anyone else!
I don't care about anyone else.
I don't care about anything anymore.
I don't care about anything else.
I don't care about being cool.
I don't care about being paid back.
I don't care about being popular.
I don't care about being sent to jail, I will do what I have to do.
I don't care about boats.
I don't care about civil rights.
I don't care about cookies.
I don't care about costs.
I don't care about economics.
I don't care about either one.
I don't care about fashion.
I don't care about football.
I don't care about her anymore.
I don't care about her life.
I don't care about her.
I don't care about him anymore.
I don't care about him.
I don't care about his past.
I don't care about honors.
I don't care about it at all.
I don't care about money.
I don't care about my future.
I don't care about my grades.
I don't care about my reputation.
I don't care about politics.
I don't care about presents. It would have made no difference if you hadn't brought this.
I don't care about profit.
I don't care about someone else's opinion.
I don't care about sounding natural. I just want to be understood.
I don't care about sports.
I don't care about stonks.
I don't care about that anymore.
I don't care about that stuff.
I don't care about that!
I don't care about that.
I don't care about the consequences.
I don't care about the cost.
I don't care about the election.
I don't care about the expense.
I don't care about the household.
I don't care about the law.
I don't care about the money.
I don't care about the opinions of other people.
I don't care about the other women.
I don't care about the presents near the Christmas tree.
I don't care about the price.
I don't care about the risk.
I don't care about them anymore.
I don't care about them.
I don't care about these shitty rules.
I don't care about those kinds of things.
I don't care about trends.
I don't care about what Tom and Mary say about me.
I don't care about what Tom says about me.
I don't care about what clothes you're wearing.
I don't care about what other people think.
I don't care about what they expect.
I don't care about what they say.
I don't care about what you want.
I don't care about you!
I don't care about you.
I don't care about your opinion.
I don't care about your past.
I don't care about your race, age, or religion.
I don't care about your well being.
I don't care all that much.
I don't care anymore what happens to Tom.
I don't care anymore what people think about me.
I don't care anymore what people think of me.
I don't care anymore.
I don't care anyway.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
I don't care as long as you're happy.
I don't care at all.
I don't care because I'm happy.
I don't care either way.
I don't care for Alice.
I don't care for Thai food.
I don't care for Tom's approach.
I don't care for alcoholic drinks.
I don't care for beer.
I don't care for butter. I prefer margarine.
I don't care for coffee.
I don't care for eggs.
I don't care for flowers very much.
I don't care for foreign food.
I don't care for green tea.
I don't care for her anymore.
I don't care for him.
I don't care for his rudeness.
I don't care for how many years this was matured, I just don't like whisky, you dig?
I don't care for ice cream.
I don't care for imitation.
I don't care for meat.
I don't care for moving pictures.
I don't care for smoking; it's bad for the health.
I don't care for sports.
I don't care for television very much.
I don't care for that sort of thing.
I don't care for that.
I don't care for the English language.
I don't care for the way he talks.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
I don't care for wine.
I don't care how I dress.
I don't care how I look.
I don't care how Tom and Mary do that.
I don't care how Tom and Mary dress.
I don't care how Tom does that.
I don't care how Tom dresses.
I don't care how Tom looks. I like him for his personality.
I don't care how Tom spends his free time.
I don't care how bad it hurts.
I don't care how expensive it is.
I don't care how it tastes.
I don't care how long I have to wait.
I don't care how long ago it was.
I don't care how long it takes.
I don't care how long quarantine lasts!
I don't care how long the list is.
I don't care how much it costs.
I don't care how much it costs. I want it!
I don't care how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
I don't care how much it itches. Don't scratch it.
I don't care how much it'll cost. I need it now.
I don't care how much money I've got to spend.
I don't care how much money Tom and Mary have.
I don't care how much money Tom has.
I don't care how much money it costs.
I don't care how much money that's going to cost me.
I don't care how much money you have.
I don't care how much money you make.
I don't care how much you make.
I don't care how much you say you love me. I know your feelings for her haven't changed.
I don't care how much you want it. I'm not going to give it to you.
I don't care how much you weigh.
I don't care how old I am; I love cuddling my plushies.
I don't care how old you are.
I don't care how poor you are.
I don't care how poor you are. I want to marry you anyway.
I don't care how we do that, but we've got to do it today.
I don't care how we get there.
I don't care how you do it. Just do it.
I don't care how you do that.
I don't care how you dress.
I don't care how you feel.
I don't care how you look.
I don't care how you vote.
I don't care how your pussy smells, I'm going to fuck it anyway.
I don't care if I die.
I don't care if I don't win.
I don't care if I end up in jail.
I don't care if I get arrested.
I don't care if I get wet.
I don't care if I live or die.
I don't care if I look stupid doing it as long as it means I can win that way.
I don't care if I win or not.
I don't care if I'm cool or not.
I don't care if Tom agrees or not.
I don't care if Tom agrees to do that or not.
I don't care if Tom and Mary agree to do that or not.
I don't care if Tom and Mary come or not.
I don't care if Tom and Mary do that or not.
I don't care if Tom and Mary do that.
I don't care if Tom and Mary go or not.
I don't care if Tom and Mary go to prison.
I don't care if Tom approves or not.
I don't care if Tom comes or not.
I don't care if Tom comes with us or not.
I don't care if Tom does his homework or not.
I don't care if Tom does that or not.
I don't care if Tom does that.
I don't care if Tom doesn't like me.
I don't care if Tom eats with us or not.
I don't care if Tom goes or not.
I don't care if Tom goes out.
I don't care if Tom goes to Boston with us or not.
I don't care if Tom goes to prison.
I don't care if Tom goes with us or not.
I don't care if anybody believes me or not.
I don't care if anyone believes me or not.
I don't care if he has twenty girlfriends.
I don't care if he speaks ill of me.
I don't care if it happens or not.
I don't care if it snows.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
I don't care if my French isn't perfect as long as I can get my point across.
I don't care if my French isn't perfect as long as people can understand what I'm trying to say.
I don't care if my best sucks. I'm doing it anyway.
I don't care if my car is dirty.
I don't care if my car is on fire; I came for an oil change, nothing else.
I don't care if my clothes get dirty.
I don't care if our team wins or not.
I don't care if people are offended by what I say.
I don't care if people laugh at me.
I don't care if people think I'm weird.
I don't care if she agrees or not.
I don't care if she comes or not.
I don't care if she speaks ill of me.
I don't care if she's Catholic, Buddhist or Muslim. All I care about is her friendship.
I don't care if the early bird gets the worm. I want to sleep.
I don't care if the rest of the world forgets me, as long as you don't.
I don't care if the rest of the world forgets me, so long as you remember.
I don't care if they laugh at me.
I don't care if they talk behind my back.
I don't care if they're famous.
I don't care if we do that or not.
I don't care if you believe me.
I don't care if you can't cook or clean the house. I love you for you.
I don't care if you come or not.
I don't care if you come with us or not.
I don't care if you do that or not.
I don't care if you do that.
I don't care if you don't come home.
I don't care if you don't like your Aunt Mary. You'll just have to grin and bear it while she's here.
I don't care if you go or not.
I don't care if you go or not. I'm going anyway.
I don't care if you help me or not.
I don't care if you kiss Tom or not.
I don't care if you kiss me or not.
I don't care if you learn Berber.
I don't care if you like me or not.
I don't care if you never come home.
I don't care if you see me naked.
I don't care if you shun me.
I don't care if you sleep.
I don't care if you stay home or not.
I don't care if you think I'm a sinner. Your religion has nothing to do with me.
I don't care if you think these clothes are immodest.
I don't care if you think what I'm doing is a sin. I don't practice your religion.
I don't care if you think what I'm doing is a sin. Keep your religion to yourself.
I don't care if you trust me or not.
I don't care if you're busy. Please help me now.
I don't care if you're straight, as long as you don't shove it in my face.
I don't care much for Tom.
I don't care much for coffee.
I don't care much for it.
I don't care much for swimming.
I don't care much one way or the other.
I don't care much whether you believe me or not.
I don't care one way or the other.
I don't care so don't inform me.
I don't care that I don't have an opinion.
I don't care that Tom didn't do what I asked him to do.
I don't care that Tom doesn't like me.
I don't care that Tom isn't having a good time.
I don't care that Tom wasn't having a good time.
I don't care that Tom's family; he's being a bully.
I don't care that it pisses off the right; there's no way I'm drinking Bud Light.
I don't care that my French sounds funny, 'cause at least I get my point across.
I don't care that my French sounds strange as long as I can get my point across.
I don't care that my car is dirty.
I don't care that my car is the oldest one in the parking lot.
I don't care that no one's coming.
I don't care that nobody's coming.
I don't care that you don't love me. I love myself.
I don't care that you're the Pope; you can't touch my feet.
I don't care the rules.
I don't care the slightest bit what others think.
I don't care to do it today.
I don't care to do that.
I don't care to have coffee after breakfast.
I don't care to see more than one bottle of prosecco a year.
I don't care too much and I don't worry too much about spending a sleepless night as long as I know that I'll be able to catch up with my sleeping schedule on the next day by sleeping a few hours during the day before I get fully rested and mentally recharged.
I don't care too much for hot food.
I don't care what I do.
I don't care what I eat.
I don't care what Tom and Mary do or don't do.
I don't care what Tom and Mary do.
I don't care what Tom and Mary eat.
I don't care what Tom and Mary have done.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going to go.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going.
I don't care what Tom and Mary take.
I don't care what Tom and Mary think.
I don't care what Tom and Mary try to do.
I don't care what Tom and Mary want.
I don't care what Tom and Mary wear.
I don't care what Tom buys.
I don't care what Tom did.
I don't care what Tom does or doesn't do.
I don't care what Tom does when he isn't at work.
I don't care what Tom does when he's not at work.
I don't care what Tom does with his own money.
I don't care what Tom does.
I don't care what Tom drinks.
I don't care what Tom eats.
I don't care what Tom has done.
I don't care what Tom is doing.
I don't care what Tom looks like.
I don't care what Tom makes it out of.
I don't care what Tom said.
I don't care what Tom says anymore.
I don't care what Tom says.
I don't care what Tom says. I'm not going to go.
I don't care what Tom says. I'm not going.
I don't care what Tom says?
I don't care what Tom takes.
I don't care what Tom thinks of me now.
I don't care what Tom thinks of me.
I don't care what Tom thinks.
I don't care what Tom thinks?
I don't care what Tom tries to do.
I don't care what Tom wants to do.
I don't care what Tom wants.
I don't care what Tom wears.
I don't care what anybody says.
I don't care what anyone says, Tom. I like you.
I don't care what anyone says.
I don't care what anyone says. I think Tom is a nice guy.
I don't care what anyone thinks.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
I don't care what color it is.
I don't care what color shirt you wear.
I don't care what color your skin is.
I don't care what colour it is.
I don't care what colour shirt you wear.
I don't care what colour shirt you're wearing.
I don't care what happened.
I don't care what happens anymore.
I don't care what happens to Mary.
I don't care what happens to Tom.
I don't care what happens to me anymore.
I don't care what happens to me.
I don't care what happens to my old car.
I don't care what happens tomorrow.
I don't care what happens, I'm still going to tell your parents.
I don't care what happens, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't care what happens, but Tom does.
I don't care what happens.
I don't care what he does.
I don't care what he says.
I don't care what he says. I will never believe him again.
I don't care what he thinks of me.
I don't care what he thinks.
I don't care what his name is.
I don't care what it cost. I still want it.
I don't care what it costs.
I don't care what it is.
I don't care what it takes.
I don't care what kind of car I drive.
I don't care what kind of car Tom and Mary drive.
I don't care what kind of car Tom drives.
I don't care what kind of music you listen to.
I don't care what other people say about me.
I don't care what other people think of it.
I don't care what other people think of me.
I don't care what other people think.
I don't care what others say.
I don't care what others say. I'm still wearing a mask.
I don't care what others think about me.
I don't care what others think.
I don't care what people say about me.
I don't care what people say.
I don't care what people think about me anymore.
I don't care what people think about me.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I don't care what people think of me.
I don't care what people think, I think for myself.
I don't care what people think.
I don't care what race you are.
I don't care what she eats.
I don't care what she thinks.
I don't care what society says.
I don't care what society thinks.
I don't care what that guy says.
I don't care what that guy's name is.
I don't care what the Bible says.
I don't care what the color of your skin is.
I don't care what the consequences are.
I don't care what the correct radical position is. I want to know what you intend to do about the many problems we are facing as a society, and why you think it will work.
I don't care what the cost is.
I don't care what the doctor says. I'm going to eat whatever I want.
I don't care what the doctor says: I will not give up hope that Tom will recover.
I don't care what the headmistress said. I have no desire to become acquainted with anyone. You all dislike me and I couldn't care less.
I don't care what the regulations say.
I don't care what the results are.
I don't care what they say.
I don't care what they think about me.
I don't care what they think.
I don't care what time Tom and Mary go to bed.
I don't care what time Tom goes to bed.
I don't care what time you go to bed.
I don't care what we call them.
I don't care what we do.
I don't care what will become of me.
I don't care what will happen tomorrow.
I don't care what you believe deep down. I care about what you put into the world.
I don't care what you believe.
I don't care what you buy.
I don't care what you did yesterday.
I don't care what you did.
I don't care what you do to Tom.
I don't care what you do with it.
I don't care what you do with your money.
I don't care what you do.
I don't care what you drink.
I don't care what you eat.
I don't care what you say, I hate you!
I don't care what you say, Tom.
I don't care what you say.
I don't care what you say. It's not going to happen!
I don't care what you think about me.
I don't care what you think anymore.
I don't care what you think of me!
I don't care what you think of me.
I don't care what you think.
I don't care what you thought.
I don't care what you want to do.
I don't care what you want.
I don't care what you wear.
I don't care what you were.
I don't care what you're going to do tomorrow.
I don't care what you've heard.
I don't care what your friends have.
I don't care what your friends say.
I don't care what your mother said.
I don't care what your name is.
I don't care what'll become of me.
I don't care what's going on.
I don't care what's happened.
I don't care when she does this work.
I don't care when you do that as long as you do it.
I don't care when you do that.
I don't care when you get here.
I don't care where I go to college as long as I get in somewhere.
I don't care where I go to school.
I don't care where I go to work as long as I can get a job.
I don't care where I work as long as I can get a job.
I don't care where I work.
I don't care where Mary does that as long as she doesn't do it here.
I don't care where Tom and Mary are.
I don't care where Tom and Mary do that as long as they don't do it here.
I don't care where Tom and Mary go to school.
I don't care where Tom and Mary go.
I don't care where Tom and Mary work.
I don't care where Tom does that as long as he doesn't do it here.
I don't care where Tom goes to school.
I don't care where Tom goes.
I don't care where Tom is.
I don't care where Tom was.
I don't care where Tom went.
I don't care where Tom works.
I don't care where they come from.
I don't care where we do that as long as we don't do it here.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
I don't care where we eat.
I don't care where we go.
I don't care where you are.
I don't care where you come from.
I don't care where you eat lunch.
I don't care where you go.
I don't care where you live.
I don't care where you're eating dinner.
I don't care where you're from.
I don't care whether I win or not.
I don't care whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
I don't care whether Tom and Mary stay or not.
I don't care whether Tom comes with us or not.
I don't care whether Tom does his homework or not.
I don't care whether Tom does that or not.
I don't care whether Tom eats with us or not.
I don't care whether Tom goes to Boston with us or not.
I don't care whether Tom goes with us or not.
I don't care whether Tom likes me or not.
I don't care whether Tom likes the idea or not.
I don't care whether Tom stays or goes.
I don't care whether Tom stays or not.
I don't care whether Tom wins or not.
I don't care whether he agrees or not.
I don't care whether he is rich or not!
I don't care whether he leaves or stays.
I don't care whether he'll lend it to me or not.
I don't care whether she is beautiful or not!
I don't care whether we do that or not.
I don't care whether we go or not.
I don't care whether we stay or not.
I don't care whether you believe it or not. I believe it.
I don't care whether you believe it.
I don't care whether you believe me or not.
I don't care whether you come or not.
I don't care whether you come with us or not.
I don't care whether you do that or not.
I don't care whether you help Tom or not.
I don't care whether you like me or not.
I don't care whether you pass your test or not.
I don't care whether you stay home or not.
I don't care whether you stay or go.
I don't care whether you stay or not.
I don't care whether you're busy. Help me.
I don't care which book it is, as long as it's interesting.
I don't care which choice you make.
I don't care which hotel we stay at.
I don't care which one you give me.
I don't care whichever you choose.
I don't care who Tom and Mary are talking to.
I don't care who Tom and Mary do that with.
I don't care who Tom and Mary give this to.
I don't care who Tom and Mary go to Boston with.
I don't care who Tom and Mary talk to.
I don't care who Tom does that with.
I don't care who Tom gives this to.
I don't care who Tom goes to Australia with.
I don't care who Tom goes to Boston with.
I don't care who Tom is talking to.
I don't care who Tom kisses.
I don't care who Tom talks to.
I don't care who comes.
I don't care who cried.
I don't care who did that.
I don't care who does that as long as it gets done.
I don't care who does that.
I don't care who does the job as long as the job gets done.
I don't care who does this.
I don't care who gets blamed, as long as it's not me.
I don't care who kisses Tom.
I don't care who kisses you.
I don't care who pays, as long as it isn't me.
I don't care who started it.
I don't care who started the argument.
I don't care who supports us.
I don't care who they are.
I don't care who was there.
I don't care who we give it to.
I don't care who will win.
I don't care who wins the game.
I don't care who wins the race.
I don't care who wins.
I don't care who won.
I don't care who you are, I care about what you do.
I don't care who you are.
I don't care who you are. I'm not going to let you in.
I don't care who you do that with.
I don't care who you kiss.
I don't care who you voted for.
I don't care who you're going with.
I don't care who your father is.
I don't care who your father is. You still have to follow my orders.
I don't care who's coming.
I don't care who's responsible.
I don't care who's watching.
I don't care whose fault it is.
I don't care why Mary did that. I'm just glad she did.
I don't care why Tom and Mary did that. I'm just glad they did.
I don't care why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I don't care why Tom did it. I'm just glad he did it.
I don't care why Tom did it. I'm just glad he did.
I don't care why Tom did that.
I don't care why Tom did that. I'm just glad he did.
I don't care why Tom didn't do that.
I don't care why Tom didn't win.
I don't care why Tom hasn't done that.
I don't care why Tom wanted to do that.
I don't care why Tom wants to do that.
I don't care why it happened.
I don't care why you're late.
I don't care why.
I don't care!
I don't care! God, no God, you daven!
I don't care, Cookie.
I don't care, OK?
I don't care, Tom.
I don't care, and neither should you.
I don't care, anyway.
I don't care, but Tom does.
I don't care, cat.
I don't care, even were he the Pope himself.
I don't care, honey.
I don't care, if I'm overstepping my bounds. I want something to just happen!
I don't care, love.
I don't care.
I don't care. I hate her.
I don't care. I hate him.
I don't care. I'll pay.
I don't care. I'm hungry.
I don't carelessly give my address to a stranger.
I don't carry a purse.
I don't carry anything, I don't return with anything.
I don't carry cash anymore.
I don't carry much cash with me.
I don't carry much cash.
I don't carry much luggage when I travel by plane.
I don't carry much luggage when I travel.
I don't cause trouble.
I don't celebrate Christmas.
I don't celebrate Halloween.
I don't celebrate anything.
I don't celebrate birthdays.
I don't celebrate my birthday.
I don't censor anything.
I don't censor their articles.
I don't censor your articles.
I don't change.
I don't charge children as much for piano lessons as I charge adults.
I don't charge for my services.
I don't charge for overtime.
I don't charge much.
I don't chew it.
I don't choose clothes for them.
I don't choose you.
I don't choose your ties.
I don't claim not to be a fool.
I don't claim that we're perfect.
I don't claim to be anything else.
I don't claim to be the speaker of the local Muslim community.
I don't claim to have as big a heart as Mother Teresa, but I am willing to help the orphans in any way I can.
I don't claim to have more children.
I don't claim to know everything in life.
I don't clean their room.
I don't clear off your tables.
I don't clearly understand what I'm being accused of.
I don't clearly understand what it is I'm being accused of.
I don't color their drawings.
I don't come back here very often.
I don't come here a lot.
I don't come here as much as I used to.
I don't come here as often as I used to.
I don't come here every day, but I do come quite often.
I don't come here every day.
I don't come here often.
I don't come here that much.
I don't come here that often.
I don't come here very much anymore.
I don't come here very much.
I don't come here very often any more.
I don't come here very often anymore.
I don't come here very often.
I don't come to Australia as often as I used to.
I don't come to Australia very often anymore.
I don't come to Australia very often.
I don't come to Boston as often as I used to.
I don't come to Boston very often anymore.
I don't come to Boston very often.
I don't command them.
I don't comment on their articles.
I don't comment on them.
I don't compare them.
I don't complain about that.
I don't complain about things as often as Tom says I do.
I don't complain but I could.
I don't complain now as much as I used to.
I don't complain often.
I don't completely agree with them.
I don't completely agree with you.
I don't completely trust Tom.
I don't completely trust her.
I don't completely trust him.
I don't completely trust them.
I don't completely trust you.
I don't completely understand it myself.
I don't compose. I assemble materials.
I don't compromise.
I don't condemn them.
I don't condemn you for that.
I don't condone it.
I don't condone murder.
I don't condone the actions of that country, but nor am I okay with historical erasure for any reason.
I don't condone violence.
I don't condone what Tom did.
I don't condone what Tom does.
I don't congratulate her.
I don't congratulate him.
I don't consider Milton as good as Dante.
I don't consider Tom a friend.
I don't consider Tom a great man.
I don't consider Tom and Mary friends.
I don't consider Tom my enemy.
I don't consider Tom my friend.
I don't consider Tom to be an enemy.
I don't consider her a friend.
I don't consider her my friend.
I don't consider him a friend.
I don't consider him honest.
I don't consider him my friend.
I don't consider it a challenge.
I don't consider my myopia as an impediment.
I don't consider myself a hero.
I don't consider myself a victim.
I don't consider myself an idiot.
I don't consider myself beneath you.
I don't consider myself equal to others.
I don't consider myself inferior to you.
I don't consider myself lucky.
I don't consider myself poor.
I don't consider myself religious.
I don't consider myself to be a good golfer.
I don't consider myself to be good-looking.
I don't consider that a problem.
I don't consider that adequate.
I don't consider that an option.
I don't consider that appropriate.
I don't consider that expensive.
I don't consider that necessary.
I don't consider them friends.
I don't consider them my friends.
I don't consider this safe.
I don't consider this to be important.
I don't consider you a friend.
I don't consider you my friend.
I don't consider you my friends.
I don't constantly regret it anymore.
I don't contradict my boss.
I don't control anything.
I don't cook as well as Tom does.
I don't cook every day.
I don't cook on Mondays. My son does.
I don't cook them.
I don't cook very often anymore.
I don't cook very often.
I don't cook very well.
I don't cook well.
I don't cook with tap water.
I don't cook.
I don't correct their exercises.
I don't correct them.
I don't cost 300 yen, but 150 might do it.
I don't could find a babysitter for tonight, so I can't go to the party.
I don't count them.
I don't crack your mugs.
I don't criticise my brother.
I don't cross picket lines.
I don't cry about many things.
I don't cry anymore.
I don't cry as much as I used to.
I don't cry easily.
I don't cry very often.
I don't cry when I am happy.
I don't cry when I am sad.
I don't cry.
I don't currently have the document you're referring to on me.
I don't curse.
I don't cuss.
I don't cut corners when it comes to things that matter.
I don't cut her hair.
I don't cut their hair.
I don't dance anymore.
I don't dance for them.
I don't dance in public.
I don't dance.
I don't dare ask such a silly question.
I don't dare ask the boss to borrow the car.
I don't dare disagree with Tom.
I don't dare do that again.
I don't dare open my mouth.
I don't dare overtake.
I don't dare state my opinion.
I don't dare talk to Tom.
I don't dare talk to her.
I don't dare tell him such a thing.
I don't dare to approach her.
I don't dare to ask you anything anymore.
I don't dare to contradict him.
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
I don't dare to fall asleep.
I don't dare to kill animals.
I don't dare to open my mouth.
I don't dare to overtake.
I don't dare to say that to him.
I don't dare to speak to her.
I don't dare to speak to him.
I don't dare to tell Tom that he stinks.
I don't dare to tell Tom.
I don't dare to tell you the truth.
I don't dare.
I don't date women I work with.
I don't date women that I work with.
I don't date.
I don't deal with idiots.
I don't define the words for them.
I don't deny I made a mistake.
I don't deny doing that.
I don't deny having said that.
I don't deny it.
I don't deny laughing.
I don't deny that.
I don't deny this.
I don't deserve all the credit.
I don't deserve all this.
I don't deserve anything.
I don't deserve it, do I?
I don't deserve it.
I don't deserve sympathy.
I don't deserve the cold shoulder from you.
I don't deserve the salary they pay me.
I don't deserve them.
I don't deserve this and you know it.
I don't deserve this.
I don't deserve to be here.
I don't deserve to be in college.
I don't deserve to be on the team.
I don't deserve to be punished.
I don't deserve to be so happy.
I don't deserve to be this happy.
I don't deserve to be treated like a dog.
I don't deserve to be treated like that.
I don't deserve to be treated this way.
I don't deserve to hear this.
I don't deserve to live.
I don't deserve you.
I don't deserve your friendship.
I don't deserve your generosity.
I don't deserve your kindness.
I don't deserve your love.
I don't deserve your respect.
I don't die.
I don't dig modern jazz.
I don't dig up their potatoes.
I don't disagree with Tom.
I don't disagree with you.
I don't disagree with your decision.
I don't disagree.
I don't discount the possibility.
I don't discriminate.
I don't dislike Mary, but she's getting annoying.
I don't dislike him at all.
I don't dislike it.
I don't dislike school.
I don't dislike them.
I don't dislike you, only your face.
I don't dispute the facts you've presented but only the conclusion you draw from them.
I don't dispute the facts.
I don't dissolve them in acid.
I don't distribute their products.
I don't distribute your products.
I don't distrust you.
I don't do a lot of reading.
I don't do all that much.
I don't do any of those things.
I don't do any sport.
I don't do anything I don't have to do.
I don't do anything I don't need to do.
I don't do anything now.
I don't do anything on Mondays.
I don't do anything to change.
I don't do anything without first asking Tom if I can do it.
I don't do anything without first asking Tom if it's OK.
I don't do anything.
I don't do as much volunteer work as Tom does.
I don't do business with relatives.
I don't do drugs or alcohol.
I don't do drugs.
I don't do funerals.
I don't do hard drugs anymore.
I don't do hard drugs.
I don't do holidays.
I don't do it any more.
I don't do it anymore.
I don't do it because I get money for it.
I don't do it for money.
I don't do it for the money.
I don't do it from love, but from a sense of responsibility.
I don't do it like that.
I don't do it out of obligation to my mother.
I don't do it that way.
I don't do it.
I don't do kindness.
I don't do lunch.
I don't do much other than read books.
I don't do much other than watch TV.
I don't do much study ahead for the English classes.
I don't do much.
I don't do olives.
I don't do requests.
I don't do stuff like that.
I don't do that a lot.
I don't do that anymore.
I don't do that anywhere but here.
I don't do that as fast as Tom.
I don't do that as much as I used to.
I don't do that as much as Tom does.
I don't do that as much as Tom.
I don't do that as often as I should.
I don't do that as often as I used to.
I don't do that as often as I want to.
I don't do that as often as I wish I could.
I don't do that as often as I'd like to.
I don't do that as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't do that as often as Tom does.
I don't do that as often as Tom.
I don't do that as well as I should be able to.
I don't do that as well as I used to.
I don't do that as well as I wish I could.
I don't do that as well as Tom does.
I don't do that as well as Tom.
I don't do that as well as you do.
I don't do that at all anymore.
I don't do that at all.
I don't do that by myself very often.
I don't do that by myself.
I don't do that even if you kill me.
I don't do that every day.
I don't do that every morning.
I don't do that for the money.
I don't do that here.
I don't do that in the morning.
I don't do that kind of stuff anymore.
I don't do that kind of thing anymore.
I don't do that kind of thing.
I don't do that like most people do it.
I don't do that like most people do.
I don't do that much as I used to.
I don't do that much.
I don't do that now the way I used to.
I don't do that now, but I used to when I was younger.
I don't do that on Mondays.
I don't do that on rainy days.
I don't do that so much anymore.
I don't do that stuff anymore.
I don't do that stuff.
I don't do that that way.
I don't do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
I don't do that the same way Tom does.
I don't do that the same way most people do.
I don't do that the same way my brother does.
I don't do that the same way you do.
I don't do that to people, do I?
I don't do that unless I have to.
I don't do that very much.
I don't do that very often anymore.
I don't do that very often.
I don't do that very regularly.
I don't do that very well.
I don't do that well.
I don't do that with Tom anymore.
I don't do that with Tom very often.
I don't do that with anyone but Tom.
I don't do that.
I don't do the washing-up.
I don't do them up.
I don't do things like that anymore.
I don't do things like that.
I don't do this as often as I should.
I don't do this as often as I used to.
I don't do this as often as I'd like to.
I don't do this every day.
I don't do this for the money.
I don't do this kind of business.
I don't do this often.
I don't do this to make money.
I don't do those things.
I don't do weddings.
I don't do well with people my own age.
I don't doubt Tom has done that.
I don't doubt Tom is sincere.
I don't doubt Tom was the one who did that.
I don't doubt Tom will arrive on time.
I don't doubt Tom will come here.
I don't doubt Tom will do that.
I don't doubt Tom will help me.
I don't doubt Tom will win.
I don't doubt Tom's ability to do that.
I don't doubt but she will recover.
I don't doubt but that he will come.
I don't doubt but that he will do it.
I don't doubt he'll come.
I don't doubt he's very smart, nevertheless he's very boastful and magniloquent.
I don't doubt his ability to do it.
I don't doubt it in the least.
I don't doubt it.
I don't doubt myself.
I don't doubt that I can get away with it.
I don't doubt that Tom and Mary have done that.
I don't doubt that Tom has done that.
I don't doubt that Tom is sincere.
I don't doubt that Tom was the one who did that.
I don't doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
I don't doubt that Tom will come here.
I don't doubt that Tom will do that.
I don't doubt that Tom will help me.
I don't doubt that Tom will win.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
I don't doubt that he'll come.
I don't doubt that he'll manage it.
I don't doubt that he's done it.
I don't doubt that one bit.
I don't doubt that she is married.
I don't doubt that she will come here.
I don't doubt that the delay will frustrate her.
I don't doubt that you're afraid.
I don't doubt that.
I don't doubt the reliability of his information because it comes from a trustworthy person.
I don't doubt you.
I don't doubt your intentions.
I don't doubt your word, I doubt your ability.
I don't download them.
I don't drag them.
I don't dream.
I don't drink Coca-Cola, I drink water.
I don't drink Coca-Cola.
I don't drink a lot of beer.
I don't drink a lot of wine.
I don't drink a lot.
I don't drink alcohol.
I don't drink all that much beer.
I don't drink and I don't smoke.
I don't drink and drive.
I don't drink any more.
I don't drink anymore.
I don't drink anything stronger than beer.
I don't drink as much as I used to.
I don't drink as much as Tom does.
I don't drink as much beer as I used to.
I don't drink as much coffee as I used to.
I don't drink at all.
I don't drink beer anymore.
I don't drink beer at home.
I don't drink beer because, first of all, I'm not eighteen yet. Secondly, I don't like it.
I don't drink beer every day.
I don't drink beer often.
I don't drink beer very often.
I don't drink beer, only spirits.
I don't drink beer.
I don't drink beer. I do, however, drink wine.
I don't drink before noon.
I don't drink carbonated drinks.
I don't drink champagne.
I don't drink coffee anymore.
I don't drink coffee at all.
I don't drink coffee but would love a beer if you have any.
I don't drink coffee every day.
I don't drink coffee or tea either.
I don't drink coffee, but I'd love a cup of tea.
I don't drink coffee, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't drink coffee, but Tom does.
I don't drink coffee.
I don't drink cognac.
I don't drink either coffee or tea.
I don't drink every evening.
I don't drink milk anymore.
I don't drink milk with sugar any more.
I don't drink milk.
I don't drink more beer.
I don't drink much beer, but I do drink a lot of wine.
I don't drink much beer.
I don't drink much pop.
I don't drink much soda.
I don't drink much wine.
I don't drink much.
I don't drink now.
I don't drink nowadays.
I don't drink or smoke.
I don't drink orange juice.
I don't drink powdered milk.
I don't drink red wine.
I don't drink rum.
I don't drink soda.
I don't drink soft drinks too much, because I know they're not healthy.
I don't drink tap water anymore.
I don't drink tea nor coffee.
I don't drink tea.
I don't drink tequila as often as I used to.
I don't drink tequila very often.
I don't drink tequila.
I don't drink that much beer.
I don't drink that without sugar.
I don't drink their water.
I don't drink these days.
I don't drink this stuff.
I don't drink until I'm drunk.
I don't drink vodka!
I don't drink water.
I don't drink while at work.
I don't drink white wine anymore.
I don't drink white wine very often.
I don't drink white wine.
I don't drink wine any more.
I don't drink wine anymore.
I don't drink wine often.
I don't drink wine.
I don't drink with my dinner.
I don't drink with my evening meal.
I don't drink, and I won't drink.
I don't drink, but I'm drunk because of you.
I don't drink.
I don't drink. I'm Muslim.
I don't drive a car.
I don't drive anymore.
I don't drive anywhere anymore.
I don't drive as fast as Tom does.
I don't drive as fast as Tom.
I don't drive as much as I used to.
I don't drive fast.
I don't drive my children to school.
I don't drive often.
I don't drive to work.
I don't drive very well.
I don't drive.
I don't dry them.
I don't dye my hair.
I don't earn all that much.
I don't earn as much as I used to.
I don't earn as much as you do.
I don't earn as much as you think I do.
I don't earn as much as you.
I don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly.
I don't earn enough money to live on.
I don't earn enough money to support a family.
I don't earn enough money to support my family.
I don't earn enough to support a family.
I don't earn more than you.
I don't earn much.
I don't earn that much (like anyone), but at least I'm getting a raise.
I don't earn that much.
I don't earn very much.
I don't eat Chinese food as often as I used to.
I don't eat Chinese food very often.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom does.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom.
I don't eat Mexican food very often.
I don't eat Mongolian food.
I don't eat a lot of fruit.
I don't eat a lot of meat.
I don't eat a lot.
I don't eat animals either.
I don't eat animals.
I don't eat any bread.
I don't eat any fish except tuna.
I don't eat anything except fruits and vegetables.
I don't eat anything of animal origin.
I don't eat anything that comes from an animal, but my cat does.
I don't eat anything that comes from an animal.
I don't eat anything that comes from an animal. No meat, no milk, no butter, no gelatin, no honey, nothing from an animal.
I don't eat apple cores.
I don't eat apples anymore.
I don't eat apples like this.
I don't eat apples.
I don't eat as much as I used to.
I don't eat as much as Tom and Mary do.
I don't eat as much as Tom does.
I don't eat as much as Tom.
I don't eat as much as you do.
I don't eat as much as you.
I don't eat as much beef as I used to.
I don't eat as much fruit as I should.
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
I don't eat as much red meat as I used to.
I don't eat as quickly as Tom and Mary do.
I don't eat as quickly as Tom does.
I don't eat at home as often as I used to.
I don't eat at the school cafeteria anymore.
I don't eat at the school cafeteria every day.
I don't eat bacon at night because it's too greasy.
I don't eat bacon.
I don't eat bananas.
I don't eat beans.
I don't eat beef anymore.
I don't eat beef.
I don't eat between meals.
I don't eat bread every day.
I don't eat bread.
I don't eat breakfast.
I don't eat cheese.
I don't eat cherries anymore.
I don't eat chicken skin.
I don't eat chocolate, but thanks for the flowers.
I don't eat chocolate. But thanks for the flowers!
I don't eat citrus fruits.
I don't eat cookies very often.
I don't eat cucumbers without peeling them.
I don't eat dark meat.
I don't eat dessert.
I don't eat desserts unless I make them myself.
I don't eat dill pickles.
I don't eat eggs every morning, but I do eat them quite often.
I don't eat eggs.
I don't eat either meat, fish, shellfish or meat-based broth.
I don't eat fast food as often as I used to.
I don't eat fast.
I don't eat fatty meat.
I don't eat fish very often.
I don't eat fish.
I don't eat food. I only drink liquids.
I don't eat fruit very often.
I don't eat fruit.
I don't eat gelatine.
I don't eat gluten.
I don't eat green peppers at all.
I don't eat ham.
I don't eat here as often as I'd like to.
I don't eat ice cream very often.
I don't eat ice cream.
I don't eat junk food anymore.
I don't eat junk food as often as I used to.
I don't eat junk food.
I don't eat liver.
I don't eat margarine.
I don't eat meat and Tom and Mary don't either.
I don't eat meat and Tom doesn't either.
I don't eat meat and neither do Tom and Mary.
I don't eat meat and neither does Tom.
I don't eat meat anymore.
I don't eat meat as much as I used to.
I don't eat meat as often as I eat fish.
I don't eat meat as often as I used to.
I don't eat meat every day.
I don't eat meat myself.
I don't eat meat or eggs.
I don't eat meat very often.
I don't eat meat, but Tom and Mary do.
I don't eat meat, but Tom does.
I don't eat meat, shellfish, poultry or gravy.
I don't eat meat.
I don't eat monkey.
I don't eat much fruit.
I don't eat much in the morning when I have breakfast.
I don't eat much meat anymore.
I don't eat much meat.
I don't eat much.
I don't eat nuts.
I don't eat oranges.
I don't eat out as often as I used to.
I don't eat out as often as I'd like.
I don't eat out often.
I don't eat out very often.
I don't eat oysters.
I don't eat pears.
I don't eat pork anymore.
I don't eat pork at all.
I don't eat pork, beef or eggs.
I don't eat pork.
I don't eat pork. I'm Muslim.
I don't eat poultry.
I don't eat raw fish.
I don't eat red meat.
I don't eat rice anymore.
I don't eat rice every day.
I don't eat rice.
I don't eat salmon anymore.
I don't eat soups.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
I don't eat that bread.
I don't eat that much.
I don't eat the apple core.
I don't eat the core of an apple.
I don't eat the crust.
I don't eat this kind of food very often.
I don't eat tripe.
I don't eat vegetables that I don't grow myself.
I don't eat very much fruit.
I don't eat very much.
I don't eat watermelon.
I don't eat while I'm driving.
I don't eat you.
I don't eat.
I don't edit your articles.
I don't embrace new experiences.
I don't embroider their handkerchiefs.
I don't endure your whims anymore.
I don't engage in idle speculation.
I don't engage in illegal activities.
I don't engage.
I don't enjoy a job without challenge.
I don't enjoy acting.
I don't enjoy aimless chatter.
I don't enjoy being here.
I don't enjoy being treated like this.
I don't enjoy chess and never have.
I don't enjoy cleaning the kitchen.
I don't enjoy doing that anymore.
I don't enjoy doing that as much as I used to.
I don't enjoy doing that either.
I don't enjoy doing that kind of thing.
I don't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I don't enjoy doing that.
I don't enjoy doing things like this.
I don't enjoy driving.
I don't enjoy eating at cheap restaurants.
I don't enjoy eating ice cream during the winter.
I don't enjoy eating ice cream in winter.
I don't enjoy eating too much during breakfast in the morning for not upsetting my stomach.
I don't enjoy family gatherings very much.
I don't enjoy fighting.
I don't enjoy fishing as much as I used to.
I don't enjoy fishing as much as you do.
I don't enjoy fishing with Tom.
I don't enjoy giving speeches.
I don't enjoy going to the beach.
I don't enjoy going to the cinema with Tom because he always chooses the most boring films.
I don't enjoy golf as much as I used to.
I don't enjoy haggling.
I don't enjoy hanging out with Tom.
I don't enjoy hanging out with her.
I don't enjoy hanging out with him.
I don't enjoy hanging out with you.
I don't enjoy his society.
I don't enjoy horseback riding.
I don't enjoy learning Spanish vocabulary.
I don't enjoy listening to the radio.
I don't enjoy playing chess and I never have.
I don't enjoy playing chess.
I don't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I don't enjoy reading comic books.
I don't enjoy reading historical works.
I don't enjoy riddles.
I don't enjoy singing in public.
I don't enjoy skiing.
I don't enjoy solitude.
I don't enjoy studying French.
I don't enjoy studying because I don't make any progress.
I don't enjoy swimming as much as I used to.
I don't enjoy swimming laps.
I don't enjoy swimming.
I don't enjoy talking to strangers.
I don't enjoy talking with Tom.
I don't enjoy talking with you.
I don't enjoy teaching French.
I don't enjoy teaching children to swim when their parents are around.
I don't enjoy teaching young children to swim.
I don't enjoy tennis.
I don't enjoy the same kinds of movies that Tom enjoys.
I don't enjoy traveling in large groups.
I don't enjoy traveling.
I don't enjoy watching game shows.
I don't enjoy watching golf.
I don't enjoy watching sports on TV.
I don't enter trading or financial relationships with relatives.
I don't entirely remember his name.
I don't entirely understand what he said.
I don't envy Tom.
I don't envy her.
I don't envy him.
I don't envy the situation you find yourself in.
I don't envy them.
I don't envy you your current situation.
I don't envy you your job.
I don't envy you.
I don't envy your life at all.
I don't envy your life, not even a little bit.
I don't envy your life.
I don't envy your life. Not even a little bit.
I don't envy your puny human brain.
I don't evacuate them.
I don't even believe this is really happening.
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.
I don't even care anymore.
I don't even care if he hates me.
I don't even care if she hates me.
I don't even care if they hate me.
I don't even care if you hate me.
I don't even care if you're handsome.
I don't even care that much.
I don't even care what happens to me anymore.
I don't even care.
I don't even do that stuff anymore.
I don't even feel like it anymore.
I don't even fully understand the kinship system of English, especially when it gets beyond first cousins.
I don't even have a bicycle.
I don't even have a boyfriend.
I don't even have a car anymore.
I don't even have a car.
I don't even have a girlfriend.
I don't even have a gun.
I don't even have a house.
I don't even have a job.
I don't even have a pair of shoes.
I don't even have a penis, so I can delete all these emails without hesitation.
I don't even have a phone.
I don't even have a single girlfriend.
I don't even have a single photo of her.
I don't even have my own computer.
I don't even have one.
I don't even have that much money.
I don't even have the courage to tell him where I really was.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I don't even have time for reading.
I don't even have time to be tired.
I don't even have time to read.
I don't even know Tom's address.
I don't even know Tom's last name.
I don't even know Tom's phone number.
I don't even know Tom.
I don't even know anybody there.
I don't even know anymore.
I don't even know her last name.
I don't even know her name.
I don't even know her number.
I don't even know her.
I don't even know him.
I don't even know his last name.
I don't even know his name.
I don't even know how best to proceed.
I don't even know how it is possible for people in my generation to not be able to read an analog clock.
I don't even know how old I am.
I don't even know how old Tom and Mary are.
I don't even know how old Tom is.
I don't even know how old you are.
I don't even know how that's possible.
I don't even know how to dance.
I don't even know how to respond to that.
I don't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
I don't even know how to smoke.
I don't even know how to thank you.
I don't even know if I want to do this anymore.
I don't even know if Tom and Mary are still alive.
I don't even know if Tom has a girlfriend or not.
I don't even know if Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't even know if Tom is still alive.
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.
I don't even know if he has a girlfriend.
I don't even know if he's still alive.
I don't even know if she has a boyfriend.
I don't even know if that's possible.
I don't even know if they're still alive.
I don't even know the guy.
I don't even know them.
I don't even know what Berber means.
I don't even know what I should be distracted from.
I don't even know what I want yet.
I don't even know what I'm going to wear.
I don't even know what Tom's last name is.
I don't even know what Tom's real name is.
I don't even know what Tom's surname is.
I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is.
I don't even know what city Tom lives in.
I don't even know what that is.
I don't even know what that means.
I don't even know what to do.
I don't even know what to say besides 'thank you'.
I don't even know what to say to Tom.
I don't even know what to say to that.
I don't even know what to say.
I don't even know what to say...
I don't even know what to tell you if you think these two cases are the same.
I don't even know what will happen tomorrow, never mind in twenty years.
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
I don't even know what's happening to me anymore.
I don't even know where Boston is.
I don't even know where Florida is. Is it even a country?
I don't even know where Lake Titicaca is. Is it even a lake?
I don't even know where Tom and Mary are now.
I don't even know where Tom and Mary live.
I don't even know where Tom is now.
I don't even know where Tom is right now.
I don't even know where Tom lives.
I don't even know where he lives.
I don't even know where here is.
I don't even know where it is.
I don't even know where my mother was born.
I don't even know where my older brother went.
I don't even know where she is right now.
I don't even know where that is, Boston.
I don't even know where to begin.
I don't even know where to look.
I don't even know where to start looking.
I don't even know where to start.
I don't even know where.
I don't even know whether Tom and Mary are still alive.
I don't even know whether Tom is coming or not.
I don't even know whether Tom is dead or alive.
I don't even know whether Tom is still alive.
I don't even know whether it's Tatoeba.org or .net or .com.
I don't even know which end is up anymore.
I don't even know which one is which.
I don't even know who I am anymore.
I don't even know who I'm talking to.
I don't even know who Tom is.
I don't even know who Tom's girlfriend is.
I don't even know who has stolen what.
I don't even know who he is.
I don't even know who my own neighbours are now.
I don't even know who she is.
I don't even know who to ask to help me.
I don't even know who you are anymore.
I don't even know who you are.
I don't even know why I did that.
I don't even know why I'm here.
I don't even know why I'm telling you this.
I don't even know why we're going.
I don't even know why.
I don't even know you anymore.
I don't even know you.
I don't even know your address.
I don't even know your name yet.
I don't even know your name.
I don't even know your real name.
I don't even know, I need to think.
I don't even know.
I don't even like Biden, but I dislike propaganda.
I don't even like Tom.
I don't even like fish.
I don't even like her.
I don't even like him.
I don't even like the Star Wars canon, I'd much prefer reading fanfiction.
I don't even like you.
I don't even live in Algeria.
I don't even live in Boston.
I don't even notice that noise anymore.
I don't even own a car.
I don't even own a computer.
I don't even own a suit.
I don't even own any tools.
I don't even remember anymore when I last talked to Tom.
I don't even remember how it started.
I don't even remember how the whole epic ended.
I don't even remember it.
I don't even remember that.
I don't even remember the rules.
I don't even remember what I had for breakfast this morning, much less what I had for dinner last night.
I don't even remember what Tom looked like.
I don't even remember what this thing's called.
I don't even talk to Tom anymore.
I don't even think Tom heard me.
I don't even think Tom is a thief.
I don't even think about it any more.
I don't even think about it anymore.
I don't even think about it.
I don't even think about money anymore.
I don't even think about that.
I don't even understand it myself.
I don't even understand myself.
I don't even understand that.
I don't even use it anymore.
I don't even use that anymore.
I don't even vote.
I don't even want it anymore.
I don't even want them.
I don't even want to be around people who do things like that.
I don't even want to be here now.
I don't even want to be here.
I don't even want to discuss it.
I don't even want to get out of bed this morning.
I don't even want to hazard a guess.
I don't even want to hear about him.
I don't even want to hear about it!
I don't even want to hear about it.
I don't even want to know what he writes to you.
I don't even want to know what you have in mind.
I don't even want to know who you are.
I don't even want to know.
I don't even want to see her.
I don't even want to see you.
I don't even want to talk to Tom.
I don't even want to talk to anybody today.
I don't even want to think about it.
I don't even want to think about something similar happening to you.
I don't even want to think about that.
I don't even want to think about what could happen.
I don't even want to think about why.
I don't even want to try it.
I don't even want you here.
I don't even want you there.
I don't ever come here by myself.
I don't ever do that anymore.
I don't ever do that.
I don't ever drink and drive.
I don't ever expect to be a bride myself.
I don't ever expect to be a bride myself. I'm so homely nobody will ever want to marry me.
I don't ever go camping with Tom anymore.
I don't ever go skiing with Tom anymore.
I don't ever go swimming with Tom anymore.
I don't ever go there any more.
I don't ever go there anymore.
I don't ever hug Tom anymore.
I don't ever kiss Tom anymore.
I don't ever kiss my wife anymore.
I don't ever laugh.
I don't ever plan to retire.
I don't ever remember meeting Tom.
I don't ever say no.
I don't ever sing with Tom anymore.
I don't ever sing.
I don't ever speak French anymore.
I don't ever tend to have an afternoon meal.
I don't ever try to be sloppy. But I have to admit, I'm notorious for making unintentional typos.
I don't ever walk anywhere anymore.
I don't ever walk anywhere.
I don't ever want Tom to write to my daughter again.
I don't ever want that to change.
I don't ever want to be as irritating as Tom seems to be.
I don't ever want to do that again.
I don't ever want to do that.
I don't ever want to do this again.
I don't ever want to get married.
I don't ever want to go back to Boston.
I don't ever want to go fishing with Tom again.
I don't ever want to go there again.
I don't ever want to go to Australia again.
I don't ever want to go to Boston again.
I don't ever want to go to Boston.
I don't ever want to go to Texas.
I don't ever want to hear that name in this house! Never again!
I don't ever want to hear this song again.
I don't ever want to hear you say that again.
I don't ever want to hurt you, Tom.
I don't ever want to hurt you.
I don't ever want to leave Australia.
I don't ever want to leave Boston.
I don't ever want to leave this room.
I don't ever want to leave.
I don't ever want to lose you again.
I don't ever want to see Tom again.
I don't ever want to see her again.
I don't ever want to see him again.
I don't ever want to see you again.
I don't ever want to sing that song again.
I don't ever want to speak to Tom again.
I don't ever want to talk about it.
I don't ever want to talk to Tom again.
I don't ever want us to be apart.
I don't ever want you to do that again.
I don't ever win when I play poker.
I don't exactly know what's happening.
I don't exactly know when I will arrive.
I don't exercise a lot these days.
I don't exercise as much as I should.
I don't exercise enough to counterbalance the amount of calories I take in.
I don't exercise.
I don't exist to you.
I don't exist.
I don't exorcise anyone.
I don't expect Monday to be as busy as today.
I don't expect Tom to agree to do that.
I don't expect Tom to be here on time.
I don't expect Tom to be here today.
I don't expect Tom to be on time.
I don't expect Tom to do that by himself.
I don't expect Tom to do that for me.
I don't expect Tom to do that today.
I don't expect Tom to do that.
I don't expect Tom to get here on time.
I don't expect Tom to help me.
I don't expect Tom to help.
I don't expect Tom to object to that.
I don't expect Tom to talk to Mary.
I don't expect Tom to wait for me.
I don't expect Tom to win.
I don't expect Tom will do that.
I don't expect Tom will ever apologize for doing that.
I don't expect a lot.
I don't expect a reply from Tom until tomorrow.
I don't expect any complications.
I don't expect any formal answer.
I don't expect any help from Tom.
I don't expect any quick fixes.
I don't expect any special treatment.
I don't expect anything from Tom.
I don't expect anything from anyone.
I don't expect anything from life.
I don't expect anything from you.
I don't expect anything good to happen today.
I don't expect anything out of the ordinary to happen.
I don't expect anything.
I don't expect details.
I don't expect everyone to respond to my ideas.
I don't expect help.
I don't expect him to understand my innermost thoughts but I wonder what I can do to get him to hold an interest.
I don't expect many major changes.
I don't expect much from Tom.
I don't expect people to respond to all of my ideas.
I don't expect presents from people I don't know.
I don't expect that Tom will swim.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
I don't expect that to be a problem.
I don't expect that to ever happen again.
I don't expect that to happen anytime soon.
I don't expect that to happen.
I don't expect that to occur.
I don't expect that'll be a problem.
I don't expect them to support my view.
I don't expect them to win.
I don't expect there to be any major issues.
I don't expect to be as busy tomorrow as I am today.
I don't expect to be friends with Tom.
I don't expect to be gone long.
I don't expect to be gone very long.
I don't expect to be paid anything.
I don't expect to be paid.
I don't expect to get there on time.
I don't expect to hear any further details until Monday.
I don't expect to see Tom at the party.
I don't expect to stay very long.
I don't expect to win.
I don't expect tomorrow to be as busy as today.
I don't expect you to be my friend.
I don't expect you to believe it.
I don't expect you to do that by yourself.
I don't expect you to do that by yourselves.
I don't expect you to forgive me.
I don't expect you to help.
I don't expect you to remember.
I don't expect you to reply.
I don't expect you to start now.
I don't expect you to understand it.
I don't expect you to understand me.
I don't expect you to understand my decision.
I don't expect you to understand this.
I don't expect you to understand.
I don't expect you'd remember.
I don't expend a lot of energy when I do a low-impact workout, so I like them better.
I don't express myself well in words.
I don't express myself well verbally.
I don't exterminate your rats.
I don't fall asleep until after midnight.
I don't fancy coming.
I don't fancy going out in this weather.
I don't fancy going out.
I don't fancy going outside.
I don't fancy going shopping.
I don't fancy going to the cinema.
I don't fancy going.
I don't fancy it.
I don't fancy much going to the other side of the city.
I don't fancy pizza.
I don't fancy sleeping.
I don't fancy that idea.
I don't fart rainbows.
I don't fear God - I fear His believers.
I don't fear any threat.
I don't fear death anymore.
I don't fear death, but dying.
I don't fear death.
I don't fear the closeness between different peoples.
I don't fear them.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I don't feel I put those skills to use with her.
I don't feel I'm capable of it.
I don't feel I'm ready to do that.
I don't feel Tom is harmful.
I don't feel a lot of sympathy for Tom.
I don't feel all that hungry.
I don't feel angry.
I don't feel any different today.
I don't feel any different.
I don't feel any exciting sparks in our relationship any more.
I don't feel any need to justify this position.
I don't feel any pain.
I don't feel any pity for Mitch McConnell. I hope his slide into dementia is slow and agonizing.
I don't feel any pressure.
I don't feel any shame right now.
I don't feel any sympathy for Tom.
I don't feel anything anymore.
I don't feel anything at all.
I don't feel anything in my toes.
I don't feel anything towards her.
I don't feel anything.
I don't feel appreciated.
I don't feel ashamed.
I don't feel at all tired.
I don't feel at all well.
I don't feel at ease here.
I don't feel at ease on Facebook.
I don't feel at home in her company.
I don't feel at home with his friends.
I don't feel at my best yet.
I don't feel bad about that.
I don't feel bad for taking a long time to forgive him. I needed that time.
I don't feel cheated.
I don't feel comfortable around Tom.
I don't feel comfortable around anyone.
I don't feel comfortable around him.
I don't feel comfortable around his friends.
I don't feel comfortable asking him.
I don't feel comfortable here.
I don't feel comfortable in Tom's presence.
I don't feel comfortable posing in the nude.
I don't feel comfortable sharing my medical history. What is it to you anyways?
I don't feel comfortable speaking French.
I don't feel comfortable talking about my feelings.
I don't feel comfortable talking about that.
I don't feel comfortable talking about this with you.
I don't feel comfortable walking around here at night.
I don't feel comfortable with it.
I don't feel comfortable with people.
I don't feel comfortable with that.
I don't feel completely happy.
I don't feel desire for anything.
I don't feel dizzy.
I don't feel equal to doing the work.
I don't feel exactly like a man or a woman.
I don't feel frustrated at all.
I don't feel good about it.
I don't feel good about this.
I don't feel good now.
I don't feel good or rather, I feel terrible.
I don't feel good right now.
I don't feel good.
I don't feel good. Where is the nearest medical center?
I don't feel great at all today.
I don't feel great.
I don't feel guilty about that.
I don't feel guilty anymore.
I don't feel guilty.
I don't feel hostile toward you.
I don't feel hostility toward you.
I don't feel hungry at all.
I don't feel hungry right now.
I don't feel inclined to play baseball today.
I don't feel included.
I don't feel inside me that I can call myself one of them.
I don't feel it anymore.
I don't feel it.
I don't feel like I can trust what he says.
I don't feel like I deserve this.
I don't feel like I'm asking too much of you.
I don't feel like I'm being used.
I don't feel like I'm making my point across to you properly and I'm afraid I'm not making myself understood by you.
I don't feel like I'm old at all.
I don't feel like a hero.
I don't feel like a man anymore.
I don't feel like a pioneer.
I don't feel like answering questions.
I don't feel like anything.
I don't feel like buying a car.
I don't feel like celebrating now.
I don't feel like celebrating.
I don't feel like coming along.
I don't feel like coming with you.
I don't feel like coming.
I don't feel like cooking today.
I don't feel like cooking today. Shall we order something?
I don't feel like cooking today. Should we order something?
I don't feel like cooking tonight.
I don't feel like cooking.
I don't feel like dancing anymore.
I don't feel like dancing now.
I don't feel like dancing right now.
I don't feel like dancing.
I don't feel like dealing with Tom right now.
I don't feel like doing anything at the moment.
I don't feel like doing anything else.
I don't feel like doing anything right now.
I don't feel like doing anything today.
I don't feel like doing anything tonight.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's that hot.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's this hot.
I don't feel like doing anything, and I'm not getting up to turn on the fan.
I don't feel like doing anything.
I don't feel like doing it today.
I don't feel like doing it.
I don't feel like doing my math homework now.
I don't feel like doing my math homework today.
I don't feel like doing that again.
I don't feel like doing that any longer.
I don't feel like doing that anymore.
I don't feel like doing that now.
I don't feel like doing that on such a cold day.
I don't feel like doing that right now.
I don't feel like doing that this evening.
I don't feel like doing that today.
I don't feel like doing that today?
I don't feel like doing that tonight.
I don't feel like doing that.
I don't feel like doing this anymore.
I don't feel like doing this at all.
I don't feel like doing this at this time.
I don't feel like doing this now.
I don't feel like doing this right now.
I don't feel like doing this today.
I don't feel like doing this.
I don't feel like drinking beer tonight.
I don't feel like drinking tonight.
I don't feel like drinking vodka.
I don't feel like drinking.
I don't feel like eating Chinese food today.
I don't feel like eating Chinese food tonight.
I don't feel like eating animal proteins today.
I don't feel like eating anything now.
I don't feel like eating anything right now.
I don't feel like eating anything today.
I don't feel like eating anything.
I don't feel like eating at all this summer.
I don't feel like eating at all.
I don't feel like eating now.
I don't feel like eating out this evening.
I don't feel like eating out tonight.
I don't feel like eating right now.
I don't feel like eating supper tonight.
I don't feel like eating sushi.
I don't feel like eating this stale bread.
I don't feel like eating today.
I don't feel like eating.
I don't feel like exercising.
I don't feel like filling out this questionnaire. There are too many items.
I don't feel like getting out of bed.
I don't feel like getting up.
I don't feel like going alone, but it looks like I'll have to.
I don't feel like going back to work.
I don't feel like going for a walk this morning.
I don't feel like going for a walk.
I don't feel like going home tonight.
I don't feel like going in costume this year.
I don't feel like going out because of this bad weather.
I don't feel like going out for a walk.
I don't feel like going out now.
I don't feel like going out on such a day.
I don't feel like going out right now.
I don't feel like going out these days.
I don't feel like going out this evening.
I don't feel like going out this morning.
I don't feel like going out today at all. I'll stay at home, I'll order pizza, and I'll watch TV.
I don't feel like going out tonight.
I don't feel like going out.
I don't feel like going outside.
I don't feel like going shopping today.
I don't feel like going shopping with you today.
I don't feel like going shopping.
I don't feel like going to a restaurant.
I don't feel like going to bed yet.
I don't feel like going to bed.
I don't feel like going to school today.
I don't feel like going to school.
I don't feel like going to the beach today.
I don't feel like going to the cinema.
I don't feel like going to the movies tonight.
I don't feel like going to the movies.
I don't feel like going to the movies. Let's take a walk instead.
I don't feel like going to the party.
I don't feel like going to work today.
I don't feel like going tonight.
I don't feel like going, because I am sitting here quite comfortably.
I don't feel like going.
I don't feel like having Chinese food today.
I don't feel like having such a meal.
I don't feel like helping you.
I don't feel like it anymore.
I don't feel like it anyway!
I don't feel like it at all.
I don't feel like it now.
I don't feel like it right now.
I don't feel like it's my place to speak up.
I don't feel like it.
I don't feel like joking.
I don't feel like laughing right now.
I don't feel like laughing, either.
I don't feel like laughing.
I don't feel like learning this.
I don't feel like leaving the house.
I don't feel like leaving yet.
I don't feel like listening to this story for the fifth time.
I don't feel like making my bed.
I don't feel like meeting her now.
I don't feel like myself today.
I don't feel like myself, knowing there's a cat in my house.
I don't feel like myself.
I don't feel like part of the family.
I don't feel like partying.
I don't feel like pizza.
I don't feel like playing cards tonight.
I don't feel like playing cards.
I don't feel like playing chess right now.
I don't feel like playing either.
I don't feel like playing golf.
I don't feel like playing outside today.
I don't feel like playing tennis this afternoon.
I don't feel like playing tennis today.
I don't feel like playing.
I don't feel like reading the newspaper today.
I don't feel like reading.
I don't feel like running all the way to the station.
I don't feel like running.
I don't feel like seeing anyone.
I don't feel like showering right now.
I don't feel like showering.
I don't feel like singing now.
I don't feel like singing right now.
I don't feel like singing.
I don't feel like sitting down.
I don't feel like skating any more.
I don't feel like sleeping anymore.
I don't feel like sleeping just now.
I don't feel like sleeping right now.
I don't feel like sleeping.
I don't feel like smiling.
I don't feel like smoking today.
I don't feel like snuggling.
I don't feel like sorting clothes right now.
I don't feel like speaking French today.
I don't feel like speaking French.
I don't feel like speaking German.
I don't feel like speaking publicly.
I don't feel like staying home.
I don't feel like studying English today.
I don't feel like studying French right now. I'll do it in the afternoon.
I don't feel like studying French today.
I don't feel like studying at all tonight.
I don't feel like studying right now.
I don't feel like studying science.
I don't feel like studying today in this heat.
I don't feel like studying today. Let's go to a soccer game.
I don't feel like studying tonight.
I don't feel like studying.
I don't feel like swimming today.
I don't feel like taking a bath right now.
I don't feel like taking a bath.
I don't feel like taking a shower.
I don't feel like taking a walk now.
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
I don't feel like taking my dog for a walk this morning.
I don't feel like talking about Tom today.
I don't feel like talking about it now.
I don't feel like talking about my father right now.
I don't feel like talking anymore.
I don't feel like talking to Tom right now.
I don't feel like talking to Tom today.
I don't feel like talking to Tom tonight.
I don't feel like talking to Tom.
I don't feel like talking to anybody right now.
I don't feel like talking to anybody.
I don't feel like talking to anyone at the moment.
I don't feel like talking to anyone right now.
I don't feel like talking to anyone.
I don't feel like talking to him.
I don't feel like talking with Tom today.
I don't feel like talking with anyone.
I don't feel like talking.
I don't feel like telling her about it.
I don't feel like telling her the truth.
I don't feel like thinking about marriage right now.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
I don't feel like travelling.
I don't feel like trying.
I don't feel like waiting any longer.
I don't feel like waiting for that.
I don't feel like waiting.
I don't feel like waking up.
I don't feel like walking so fast.
I don't feel like walking that far.
I don't feel like walking.
I don't feel like watching TV now.
I don't feel like watching TV right now.
I don't feel like watching TV tonight.
I don't feel like watching TV.
I don't feel like watching a movie.
I don't feel like watching the entire movie just to find out what happens.
I don't feel like working this morning.
I don't feel like working today, so let's go play soccer.
I don't feel like working today, so we're going to play football instead.
I don't feel like working today.
I don't feel like working.
I don't feel like working. How about going to a movie instead?
I don't feel like working; what about going to a cinema instead?
I don't feel lonely anymore.
I don't feel love for her.
I don't feel lucky.
I don't feel motivated to do that.
I don't feel much like dancing.
I don't feel much like doing that again.
I don't feel much like doing that anymore.
I don't feel much like doing that today.
I don't feel much like eating.
I don't feel much like laughing.
I don't feel much like talking right now.
I don't feel much like talking.
I don't feel my age.
I don't feel my best today.
I don't feel my hands.
I don't feel my legs.
I don't feel my usual self today.
I don't feel nervous.
I don't feel normal.
I don't feel old.
I don't feel part of the family.
I don't feel particularly nervous.
I don't feel qualified to discuss this subject.
I don't feel quite myself today.
I don't feel quite myself.
I don't feel quite right.
I don't feel ready for that just yet.
I don't feel reassured.
I don't feel remorseful one bit about sending my parents to death.
I don't feel responsible for Tom's accident.
I don't feel responsible for what happened.
I don't feel responsible.
I don't feel right about not telling her.
I don't feel right about this.
I don't feel sad.
I don't feel safe anymore.
I don't feel safe anywhere.
I don't feel safe here anymore.
I don't feel safe here.
I don't feel safe in my own home.
I don't feel safe walking in that neighborhood at night.
I don't feel safe with Tom.
I don't feel safe.
I don't feel shame.
I don't feel sick or anything.
I don't feel sick.
I don't feel sleepy.
I don't feel so good, I think I might have a fever.
I don't feel so good.
I don't feel so great.
I don't feel so happy.
I don't feel so hot today.
I don't feel so lucky.
I don't feel so smart.
I don't feel so special.
I don't feel so well.
I don't feel sorry for Tom.
I don't feel sorry for anybody.
I don't feel sorry for her.
I don't feel sorry for him.
I don't feel sorry for myself.
I don't feel sorry for them.
I don't feel sorry for you.
I don't feel strong enough for that.
I don't feel that I can trust what he says.
I don't feel that good.
I don't feel that guilty.
I don't feel that my endeavors have been appreciated.
I don't feel that need.
I don't feel that special something inside me that would make it authentic.
I don't feel that that's the case.
I don't feel that way about you anymore.
I don't feel that way anymore.
I don't feel that way at all.
I don't feel that way.
I don't feel that's the case.
I don't feel the drive anymore.
I don't feel the least bit drowsy.
I don't feel the least bit sad.
I don't feel the need to do that anymore.
I don't feel the same way you do.
I don't feel the same way.
I don't feel the urge anymore.
I don't feel the urge to do that anymore.
I don't feel the urge to get to sleep at all right now.
I don't feel threatened by you.
I don't feel tired at all.
I don't feel tired right now.
I don't feel tired.
I don't feel too cold.
I don't feel too comfortable in my own skin today.
I don't feel too good.
I don't feel too tired.
I don't feel too warm.
I don't feel too well.
I don't feel unsafe.
I don't feel up for it.
I don't feel up to eating anything tonight.
I don't feel up to going out today.
I don't feel up to it.
I don't feel up to playing tennis right now.
I don't feel up to running to the station.
I don't feel up to seeing your mother today.
I don't feel very British any more, rather more and more Scottish.
I don't feel very comfortable in my own skin.
I don't feel very confident.
I don't feel very good about this.
I don't feel very good when I haven't eaten breakfast.
I don't feel very good.
I don't feel very happy.
I don't feel very hungry.
I don't feel very lucky.
I don't feel very sleepy.
I don't feel very tired.
I don't feel very well today.
I don't feel very well today. That well water is the reason.
I don't feel very well.
I don't feel very well. I should go home.
I don't feel vulnerable.
I don't feel welcome there.
I don't feel well after drinking that water.
I don't feel well and prefer to stay at home.
I don't feel well and would rather stay at home today.
I don't feel well at all.
I don't feel well at such a high altitude.
I don't feel well in churches.
I don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home.
I don't feel well today.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the cause of many illnesses.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the reason.
I don't feel well, sir. Is it okay if I don't come to the office today?
I don't feel well.
I don't feel well. Could you give me some medicine?
I don't feel well. Give me some medicine.
I don't feel well. Please give me some medicine.
I don't fight with Tom as much as I used to.
I don't filter them.
I don't find Tom at all funny.
I don't find Tom particularly interesting to talk to.
I don't find a formula.
I don't find any of this interesting.
I don't find anything wrong with this.
I don't find her beautiful.
I don't find her particularly attractive.
I don't find her sympathetic enough.
I don't find him in the telephone directory.
I don't find him particularly attractive.
I don't find him sympathetic enough.
I don't find him to be that handsome.
I don't find it a problem.
I don't find it comfortable to wear flip-flops.
I don't find it easy.
I don't find it intimidating.
I don't find it necessary to live by the standard of another.
I don't find it necessary to talk about it.
I don't find it strange.
I don't find it that difficult.
I don't find it that interesting.
I don't find it to be a big deal.
I don't find it very special.
I don't find it weird that Tom likes wearing onesies.
I don't find mysterious guys attractive anymore.
I don't find that amusing.
I don't find that comforting.
I don't find that funny.
I don't find that helpful.
I don't find that idea the least bit comforting.
I don't find that logical.
I don't find that many people who like classical music.
I don't find that necessary.
I don't find that very funny.
I don't find the Russian alphabet to be all that difficult.
I don't find the formula.
I don't find them beautiful.
I don't find them handsome.
I don't find them.
I don't find this amusing.
I don't find this confusing.
I don't find this funny at all.
I don't find this funny.
I don't find this interesting either.
I don't find this interesting.
I don't find this worrying at all.
I don't find your life pathetic.
I don't fish anymore.
I don't fish.
I don't fit in here at all.
I don't fit in here.
I don't fit in these jeans anymore.
I don't fit in this seat.
I don't fit in.
I don't fit into society's expectations.
I don't fit that classification.
I don't fix them.
I don't floss my teeth as often as my dentist says I should.
I don't fly.
I don't follow any religion.
I don't follow baseball at all.
I don't follow politics at all.
I don't follow politics.
I don't follow the instructions.
I don't follow the law. I am the law!
I don't follow them.
I don't follow what you're saying.
I don't follow you.
I don't follow.
I don't follow. What are you talking about?
I don't for a moment doubt your honesty.
I don't for a moment think you're wrong.
I don't forbid them.
I don't foresee ever being able to go to Boston.
I don't forget my friends.
I don't forget to write the zip code.
I don't forget turning out the light.
I don't forgive myself for the mistakes I make.
I don't forgive you.
I don't freckle in the sun.
I don't fuck with olives.
I don't fucking care what they say.
I don't fucking care.
I don't fully agree with you.
I don't fully remember his name.
I don't fully understand it myself.
I don't fully understand what it means to be considered normal.
I don't fully understand.
I don't fuss over money.
I don't gain weight although I eat many sweets.
I don't gamble anymore.
I don't gamble much, but I do enjoy roulette.
I don't gamble, drink or smoke.
I don't gamble.
I don't gamble. I'm Muslim.
I don't generally go out of the house to want to see other people.
I don't generally like documentaries.
I don't get Japanese grammatical structure.
I don't get a lot of requests for it.
I don't get a lot of requests for that song.
I don't get a reply.
I don't get along very well with Tom.
I don't get along well with my boss.
I don't get along well with my family.
I don't get along well with my in-laws.
I don't get along well with my neighbors.
I don't get along well with my parents.
I don't get along well with that kind of people.
I don't get along with Tom's parents.
I don't get along with Tom.
I don't get along with him.
I don't get along with my boss.
I don't get along with my father.
I don't get along with my mother-in-law.
I don't get along with my mother.
I don't get along with my neighbors.
I don't get along with my parents.
I don't get along with my stepfather.
I don't get along with my stepmother.
I don't get along with that guy.
I don't get along with the man who lives next door.
I don't get an answer.
I don't get angry as often as I used to.
I don't get angry as quickly as I used to.
I don't get angry often.
I don't get angry very often.
I don't get any of your jokes.
I don't get around as well as I used to.
I don't get as much exercise as I should.
I don't get as much sleep as I should.
I don't get as much sleep as my doctor says I should.
I don't get back to Boston very often.
I don't get bored alone at home.
I don't get detention.
I don't get enough challenge in this job.
I don't get enough exercise.
I don't get enough sleep at night.
I don't get enough sleep.
I don't get frustrated at all.
I don't get home as often as I'd like to.
I don't get in fights with people.
I don't get invited to many parties.
I don't get invited to parties anymore.
I don't get involved in politics.
I don't get involved.
I don't get it at all.
I don't get it either.
I don't get it often.
I don't get it! Why do I have to take the heat?
I don't get it.
I don't get it. How do you always keep your cool in situations like that?
I don't get it. Where's the punch line?
I don't get it. Why do they call it the Milky Way?
I don't get it; what does BDSM have to do with Ben & Jerry's?
I don't get jealous.
I don't get many visitors.
I don't get migraines often anymore, but when I get them, they're bad.
I don't get modern jazz.
I don't get much exercise sitting in the office all day.
I don't get much mail.
I don't get much sleep.
I don't get much time off.
I don't get nervous.
I don't get on with her any more.
I don't get opera.
I don't get out much.
I don't get out of the city much.
I don't get paid a lot to do that.
I don't get paid all that much.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like to be paid.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like to be.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like.
I don't get paid much.
I don't get paid overtime.
I don't get paid that much.
I don't get paid to act.
I don't get paid to do that.
I don't get paid to do this.
I don't get paid very much to do that.
I don't get paid very much.
I don't get paid.
I don't get sick very often.
I don't get sick.
I don't get that many opportunities to talk with native speakers.
I don't get the chance to do that as often as I used to.
I don't get the chance to do that very often.
I don't get the chance to show my face much.
I don't get the chance to speak English every day, so I don't know what I can't say in English.
I don't get the connection.
I don't get the joke.
I don't get the meaning of all of this.
I don't get the mistake.
I don't get the point of it.
I don't get the point.
I don't get this at all.
I don't get this poem.
I don't get this.
I don't get those people.
I don't get tired.
I don't get to Australia as often as I'd like to.
I don't get to Australia as often as I'd like.
I don't get to Boston as often as I'd like to.
I don't get to Boston as often as I'd like.
I don't get to drive very often.
I don't get to eat like this very often.
I don't get to my office until nine-thirty.
I don't get up as early as I used to.
I don't get up as early as Tom and Mary do.
I don't get up as early as Tom does.
I don't get up as early as Tom.
I don't get up as early as my mother.
I don't get up as early as you do.
I don't get up early anymore.
I don't get up early in the morning.
I don't get up early like I used to.
I don't get up early.
I don't get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers.
I don't get what all the fuss is about over his new album.
I don't get what she wants.
I don't get what the author means there.
I don't get what the fuss is all about.
I don't get what you mean.
I don't get why Tom doesn't agree.
I don't get why girls aren't all lesbians.
I don't get why he doesn't agree.
I don't get why he isn't here yet.
I don't get why not all girls are lesbians.
I don't get why people like TikTok so much. Back in my day, we relied on originality to be popular.
I don't get why test scores are more important for the education system than real learning. Just because that kind of system is easier to implement, doesn't mean it's the best choice.
I don't get why you changed your mind.
I don't get why you keep insisting.
I don't get why you would pride yourself on being a jerk.
I don't get you at all.
I don't get you.
I don't get you. First you act like you're too good for this, and then you go totally crazy when you get here.
I don't get your point.
I don't give Mary flowers anymore.
I don't give Tom any candy.
I don't give a crap about what you did.
I don't give a crap about your goddamn car!
I don't give a damn about conventions.
I don't give a damn about it!
I don't give a damn about it.
I don't give a damn about my CV.
I don't give a damn about my age. I love to cuddle my stuffed animals.
I don't give a damn about poetry.
I don't give a damn about the politics, I'm just waiting for the second coming of Jesus Christ.
I don't give a damn about the stock market!
I don't give a damn about what Mary thinks.
I don't give a damn about you and your circumstances!
I don't give a damn about you winning or losing.
I don't give a damn what kind of music you listen to.
I don't give a damn what kinds of music you listen to.
I don't give a damn what people think about me.
I don't give a damn what society thinks.
I don't give a damn what they think.
I don't give a damn what you do.
I don't give a damn what you think of me.
I don't give a damn whether I should add a dot there or not.
I don't give a damn!
I don't give a damn.
I don't give a fig about my CV.
I don't give a fig.
I don't give a flying fuck what you think.
I don't give a fuck about Jesus.
I don't give a fuck about what mad prostitutes would bark at me. They're always mad and they always bark profanities anyways.
I don't give a fuck about what the English teacher thinks about me.
I don't give a fuck about what you say!
I don't give a fuck about your Japanese etiquette.
I don't give a fuck about your brother.
I don't give a fuck about your opinion.
I don't give a fuck what you think.
I don't give a fuck!
I don't give a fuck, not even a flying one.
I don't give a fuck.
I don't give a hoot what you did.
I don't give a hoot what you think.
I don't give a rat's ass.
I don't give a rip who did it.
I don't give a shit about it.
I don't give a shit about what they think about me.
