I thought that you'd be happy to see me.
I thought that you'd be happy.
I thought that you'd be hard at work.
I thought that you'd be here by 2:30.
I thought that you'd be here.
I thought that you'd be home studying.
I thought that you'd be hungry.
I thought that you'd be impressed.
I thought that you'd be in Australia by now.
I thought that you'd be in Australia this week.
I thought that you'd be in Boston by now.
I thought that you'd be in Boston this week.
I thought that you'd be in your room.
I thought that you'd be interested in the exhibit at the museum next week.
I thought that you'd be interested in this.
I thought that you'd be interested to know that Tom found a job.
I thought that you'd be interested to know that Tom got accepted into Harvard.
I thought that you'd be interested.
I thought that you'd be kind of surprised.
I thought that you'd be late.
I thought that you'd be more helpful.
I thought that you'd be more sympathetic.
I thought that you'd be much fatter.
I thought that you'd be older.
I thought that you'd be on time.
I thought that you'd be out partying with Tom.
I thought that you'd be out searching for Tom.
I thought that you'd be outside on a day like this.
I thought that you'd be pleased.
I thought that you'd be proud of me.
I thought that you'd be ready by now.
I thought that you'd be ready.
I thought that you'd be taller.
I thought that you'd be there last night.
I thought that you'd be thirsty.
I thought that you'd be thrilled.
I thought that you'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I thought that you'd be tired.
I thought that you'd be too busy to see me.
I thought that you'd be too busy.
I thought that you'd been killed. I'm glad I was wrong.
I thought that you'd been notified.
I thought that you'd changed.
I thought that you'd come today.
I thought that you'd come.
I thought that you'd cry.
I thought that you'd decided against it.
I thought that you'd do that.
I thought that you'd end up going to the party with Tom.
I thought that you'd end up married to Tom.
I thought that you'd enjoy that.
I thought that you'd enjoy the party.
I thought that you'd enjoy this.
I thought that you'd eventually realize Tom didn't like you.
I thought that you'd fallen asleep.
I thought that you'd figure it out for yourself.
I thought that you'd figure it out for yourselves.
I thought that you'd find it interesting.
I thought that you'd find that interesting.
I thought that you'd finished doing that already.
I thought that you'd finished that already.
I thought that you'd forgotten all about me.
I thought that you'd forgotten.
I thought that you'd found someone else.
I thought that you'd gone and left me.
I thought that you'd gone home.
I thought that you'd gone to Australia.
I thought that you'd gone to Boston.
I thought that you'd gone to Harvard.
I thought that you'd gone with Tom.
I thought that you'd gone.
I thought that you'd gotten lost.
I thought that you'd jump at the chance.
I thought that you'd laugh.
I thought that you'd left.
I thought that you'd like Tom.
I thought that you'd like it, too.
I thought that you'd like it.
I thought that you'd like my tie.
I thought that you'd like this idea.
I thought that you'd like to know that Tom was absent from school today.
I thought that you'd like to know what happened.
I thought that you'd like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I thought that you'd like to see this.
I thought that you'd love it.
I thought that you'd might enjoy this book.
I thought that you'd miss your train.
I thought that you'd never arrive.
I thought that you'd never ask.
I thought that you'd never call.
I thought that you'd never come here.
I thought that you'd never come.
I thought that you'd never get here.
I thought that you'd never visit us again.
I thought that you'd probably already gone home.
I thought that you'd quit smoking.
I thought that you'd reach the same conclusion as I did.
I thought that you'd recognize Tom.
I thought that you'd recognized Tom.
I thought that you'd say that.
I thought that you'd seen this movie.
I thought that you'd show me how to do that.
I thought that you'd sleep until noon.
I thought that you'd speak French better than Tom.
I thought that you'd stay a couple of weeks in Australia.
I thought that you'd stay overnight in Boston.
I thought that you'd stopped dating Tom.
I thought that you'd tell me how to do that.
I thought that you'd told Tom to do that.
I thought that you'd understand.
I thought that you'd want Tom to stay with you for a while.
I thought that you'd want butter on your toast.
I thought that you'd want it back.
I thought that you'd want the work.
I thought that you'd want this one.
I thought that you'd want to do that.
I thought that you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought that you'd want to go to Boston with Tom.
I thought that you'd want to go to the concert with us.
I thought that you'd want to help me.
I thought that you'd want to know.
I thought that you'd want to meet my family.
I thought that you'd want to see this movie.
I thought that you'd want to see this.
I thought that you'd want to take a look.
I thought that you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I thought that you'd wear something like that.
I thought that you, of all people, would understand.
I thought that your concert went well yesterday.
I thought that your dad took away your credit card.
I thought that your father's name was Tom.
I thought that your house was downtown.
I thought that your middle name was Tom.
I thought that your mother's name was Mary.
I thought that your parents liked me.
I thought that your remark was interesting.
I thought that your shift ended a couple of hours ago.
I thought that's what we needed.
I thought that's what we wanted.
I thought that's what you needed.
I thought that's what you wanted.
I thought that's what you would have wanted.
I thought that's what you would've wanted.
I thought that's what you'd want to do.
I thought that's why Tom and Mary were here.
I thought that's why Tom was here.
I thought that's why you were here.
I thought that, too.
I thought the Jacksons were having a party.
I thought the NES was the first game console.
I thought the author was Tom Jackson.
I thought the best thing would be to tell Tom myself.
I thought the brass section was a little off.
I thought the bridge might be unsafe.
I thought the bus was free, but I had to pay.
I thought the captain ordered you not to do that.
I thought the company had sent Tom to Australia.
I thought the company had sent Tom to Boston.
I thought the concert was quite good.
I thought the concert went pretty well.
I thought the death penalty should be abolished.
I thought the dress Mary was wearing looked really nice.
I thought the dress that Mary was wearing looked really nice.
I thought the ending was good.
I thought the ending was perfect.
I thought the enemy had killed Tom.
I thought the feeling was mutual.
I thought the festival was over.
I thought the film was good.
I thought the food here could use a bit of salt.
I thought the food was excellent.
I thought the food was too greasy.
I thought the game was over.
I thought the gun was Tom's.
I thought the guy I saw might be Tom.
I thought the guy you were talking to was Tom.
I thought the highest mountain in Tsuyama was Takiyama.
I thought the joke was hilarious.
I thought the judge's decision was fair.
I thought the key opened everything.
I thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude.
I thought the man driving the truck was Tom.
I thought the meeting had been canceled.
I thought the meeting went really well.
I thought the movie was awesome.
I thought the movie was great!
I thought the movie was great.
I thought the movie was pretty good.
I thought the movie was very good. And what did you think?
I thought the name on the envelope was Tom Jackson.
I thought the nightmare was over.
I thought the only thing you really enjoyed was golf.
I thought the phrase meant goodbye.
I thought the plan was to arrive early.
I thought the plan was to just talk to Tom.
I thought the play went very well.
I thought the police were going to catch me.
I thought the police were looking for Tom.
I thought the price was kind of high.
I thought the prices at that store were too high.
I thought the prices in that store were too high.
I thought the questions were easy.
I thought the room was empty.
I thought the same exact thing.
I thought the same thing Tom did.
I thought the same thing at first.
I thought the same thing.
I thought the same.
I thought the show was excellent.
I thought the show was over.
I thought the situation was hilarious.
I thought the sky was falling on my head.
I thought the sound was a firecracker at first.
I thought the team played well today.
I thought the test was easy.
I thought the time for the meeting had been changed.
I thought the umbrella was mine when I grabbed it.
I thought the way Tom handled that was good.
I thought the way they did it was real crummy.
I thought the woman I met yesterday was Tom's mother.
I thought the woman that I met yesterday was Tom's mother.
I thought there was a chance Tom would do that.
I thought there was a chance that Tom would do that.
I thought there was a chance that you wouldn't be here.
I thought there was a good chance Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would need our help.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would refuse to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom would want to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't know Mary.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't like Mary.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do anything with Mary.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I thought there was a good chance that Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I thought there was a possibility that Tom was going to break the contract.
I thought there was no one in the kitchen.
I thought there was nobody in the kitchen.
I thought there was some chance of water in this direction, so I heaved you over my shoulder and we tramped it together. It don't seem as though we've improved matters. There's an almighty small chance for us now!
I thought there was somebody in the meeting room.
I thought there was somebody in the room.
I thought there would be more of us.
I thought there would be no one here.
I thought they found Tom.
I thought they found her.
I thought they found him.
I thought they looked familiar.
I thought they offered you a job.
I thought they were all Canadians.
I thought they were angry with me because I didn't help them wash the car.
I thought they were angry with me because I didn’t help them wash the car.
I thought they were going to put me out of business.
I thought they were happy together.
I thought they were just friends.
I thought they were speaking French.
I thought they were terrible.
I thought they were unemployed.
I thought they were wrong.
I thought they weren't going to make it.
I thought they wouldn't come.
I thought they wouldn't like you.
I thought they wouldn't take me seriously.
I thought they'd find somebody else.
I thought they'd find someone else.
I thought they'd give up.
I thought they'd hear us.
I thought they'd heard us.
I thought they'd leave together.
I thought they'd never leave.
I thought things were going OK.
I thought things were going well.
I thought things would change.
I thought things would get better, but as it is, they are getting worse.
I thought things would get better.
I thought this article would clarify things for me, but I just ended up even more confused.
I thought this book could interest you.
I thought this book might interest you.
I thought this book was interesting.
I thought this building had a sprinkler system.
I thought this building was abandoned.
I thought this door was locked.
I thought this guy looked weird.
I thought this looked familiar.
I thought this might come in handy.
I thought this might happen.
I thought this might interest you.
I thought this only happened in movies.
I thought this pair of shoes would last longer.
I thought this place was just for girls.
I thought this place was supposed to be quiet.
I thought this present might be from you.
I thought this shirt might look good on you.
I thought this was Algerian-made.
I thought this was America.
I thought this was Australia.
I thought this was a good idea.
I thought this was a hospital.
I thought this was a wasp and that was a bee.
I thought this was common knowledge.
I thought this was going to be easy.
I thought this was illegal.
I thought this was important.
I thought this was just a story for children.
I thought this was just between us.
I thought this was just going to be another boring day at the office.
I thought this was kind of weird.
I thought this was mine.
I thought this was over.
I thought this was settled.
I thought this was something we both wanted.
I thought this was supposed to be a land of milk and honey.
I thought this was what you always wanted.
I thought this was what you wanted me to buy.
I thought this was where you wanted to be.
I thought this was your girlfriend.
I thought this wasn't a big deal.
I thought this would be easier to do.
I thought this would be easier.
I thought this would be more fun.
I thought this would happen.
I thought this would interest you.
I thought this would make us both so happy.
I thought this would make you happy.
I thought this would never happen.
I thought today was your day off.
I thought tomorrow night we could go dancing.
I thought transparency was part of our agreement.
I thought we agreed to consult each other before we made any major decisions.
I thought we agreed we wouldn't do that.
I thought we agreed we wouldn't do this.
I thought we agreed.
I thought we all had plans tonight.
I thought we already did that.
I thought we came here to discuss a new deal.
I thought we came in here to eat.
I thought we could all go out for some ice cream.
I thought we could at least have a civil interaction, but I guess I was expecting too much.
I thought we could be alone.
I thought we could be friends.
I thought we could catch up a little.
I thought we could discuss this like mature adults.
I thought we could do better.
I thought we could do it.
I thought we could do that together.
I thought we could do that.
I thought we could do this together.
I thought we could dye our hair the same color.
I thought we could eat out on the patio.
I thought we could eat together.
I thought we could get together later.
I thought we could go out and get something to eat.
I thought we could hang out in Australia for a while.
I thought we could hang out in Boston for a while.
I thought we could hang out together.
I thought we could have a sit-down at a fast-food place.
I thought we could help Tom.
I thought we could help her.
I thought we could help him.
I thought we could help out.
I thought we could help them.
I thought we could help you.
I thought we could make it by 2:30.
I thought we could offer to help Tom.
I thought we could put a sign in the window.
I thought we could sing together.
I thought we could sit here for a while and just talk.
I thought we could sit in a fast-food place.
I thought we could stay here all day.
I thought we could talk about Tom.
I thought we could talk about anything.
I thought we could talk about everything.
I thought we could talk.
I thought we could travel together.
I thought we could use the cloth napkins.
I thought we could visit the museum together.
I thought we could walk home today.
I thought we could win.
I thought we could work together.
I thought we covered this before.
I thought we did a good job.
I thought we did a great job.
I thought we did that really well.
I thought we did things really well.
I thought we did well.
I thought we discussed the responsibilities in detail.
I thought we got disconnected.
I thought we had a deal.
I thought we had a good team.
I thought we had a good time.
I thought we had a good year.
I thought we had a great relationship.
I thought we had a great season.
I thought we had a problem.
I thought we had a real connection.
I thought we had agreed not to talk about that anymore.
I thought we had agreed on this.
I thought we had agreed that you would study harder.
I thought we had agreed you weren't going to do that again.
I thought we had agreed you weren't going to do that anymore.
I thought we had an agreement.
I thought we had an understanding.
I thought we had commitments.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
I thought we had more time.
I thought we had settled that already.
I thought we had settled this.
I thought we had something to do this afternoon.
I thought we had something to give to Tom.
I thought we had that under control.
I thought we had the better team.
I thought we had this place for the entire day.
I thought we had this settled.
I thought we had three weeks to finish this job.
I thought we had until 2:30 to finish this.
I thought we made some progress tonight.
I thought we needed help.
I thought we needed some help.
I thought we played a pretty good game.
I thought we played really well.
I thought we played very well.
I thought we played well.
I thought we said 2:30.
I thought we said tomorrow.
I thought we settled that matter last night.
I thought we should discuss Tom's request.
I thought we should go.
I thought we should have something with a little more pizzazz.
I thought we should leave.
I thought we should quit.
I thought we should start celebrating.
I thought we should've done that.
I thought we should've stayed longer.
I thought we talked about this already.
I thought we understood each other.
I thought we were all going to die.
I thought we were at war.
I thought we were best friends.
I thought we were dead.
I thought we were definitely going to win the championship, but our star player choked.
I thought we were done.
I thought we were equal partners.
I thought we were finished with that.
I thought we were focused.
I thought we were friends!
I thought we were friends.
I thought we were getting together this afternoon.
I thought we were going out for lunch.
I thought we were going out to dinner.
I thought we were going out tonight.
I thought we were going to be able to do that.
I thought we were going to be on the winning side.
I thought we were going to crash.
I thought we were going to die.
I thought we were going to do something fun.
I thought we were going to do this together.
I thought we were going to go somewhere.
I thought we were going to have breakfast together.
I thought we were going to have cake for dessert.
I thought we were going to live here.
I thought we were going to play baseball.
I thought we were going to talk.
I thought we were going to try to be friends.
I thought we were going to win.
I thought we were going to your place.
I thought we were happy.
I thought we were having fun.
I thought we were here to talk about Tom.
I thought we were in love.
I thought we were just going to talk to Tom.
I thought we were just going to talk.
I thought we were just having drinks.
I thought we were meant to meet Tom at 2.30.
I thought we were meeting Tom at 2.30.
I thought we were on the same side.
I thought we were out of coffee.
I thought we were out of time.
I thought we were partners.
I thought we were past that.
I thought we were poor.
I thought we were rushing things.
I thought we were still on good terms.
I thought we were supposed to be talking about what needs to be done.
I thought we were supposed to do this together.
I thought we were supposed to eat lunch together.
I thought we were supposed to have breakfast together.
I thought we were supposed to have lunch together.
I thought we were supposed to meet Tom at 2:30.
I thought we were supposed to meet Tom at half past two.
I thought we were supposed to meet Tom at half two.
I thought we were talking about Tom.
I thought we were welcome here.
I thought we weren't going to do that.
I thought we weren't going to do this.
I thought we weren't going to go there.
I thought we weren't supposed to go there without Tom.
I thought we weren't supposed to talk about Tom.
I thought we weren't supposed to tell Tom about what happened.
I thought we weren't talking about Tom.
I thought we would be good friends from the beginning.
I thought we would be in Boston by now.
I thought we would be more comfortable here.
I thought we would have breakfast together.
I thought we wouldn't get there on time, and we didn't.
I thought we wouldn't get there on time, but we did.
I thought we wouldn't have to do that.
I thought we wouldn't need to do that.
I thought we wouldn't see each other again today.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that again.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that any more.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I thought we'd already been over all this.
I thought we'd already talked about this.
I thought we'd ask Tom a couple questions.
I thought we'd ask Tom a few questions.
I thought we'd be able to do that.
I thought we'd be able to do what Tom asked us to do.
I thought we'd be alone.
I thought we'd be comfortable here.
I thought we'd be home by now.
I thought we'd be in Australia by now.
I thought we'd be more comfortable here.
I thought we'd be safe here.
I thought we'd be safer here.
I thought we'd be together forever.
I thought we'd get there on time, but we didn't.
I thought we'd give it a try.
I thought we'd have breakfast together.
I thought we'd have fun together.
I thought we'd managed to do it right.
I thought we'd managed to do that right.
I thought we'd never get out of the burning building alive.
I thought we'd outsmarted everybody.
I thought we'd start with dessert.
I thought we'd start with this one.
I thought we'd surprise you.
I thought we'd try that new restaurant down the street.
I thought we'd visit Australia after we got married.
I thought we'd visit Boston after we got married.
I thought we'd worry about that later.
I thought weren't supposed to do that by yourselves.
I thought whales were fish.
I thought what Tom did was cute.
I thought what Tom did was fantastic.
I thought what Tom did was stupid.
I thought what Tom said was clever.
I thought what Tom said was funny.
I thought what Tom said was stupid.
I thought what Tom said was very inappropriate.
I thought what Tom said wasn't true.
I thought wrongly that he was my brother.
I thought you all were planning on coming to my party.
I thought you already did that.
I thought you already had a job.
I thought you already had a place to stay.
I thought you already had a ticket.
I thought you already had an iPhone.
I thought you already had one of those.
I thought you already had one.
I thought you already knew about this.
I thought you already knew about what happened.
I thought you already knew that.
I thought you already knew.
I thought you already paid the bill.
I thought you always played football on Saturday.
I thought you always won.
I thought you and I could do that together.
I thought you and I could eat together.
I thought you and I could get together later.
I thought you and I could hang out together.
I thought you and I could sing together.
I thought you and I were supposed to do that together.
I thought you and Tom didn't like each other.
I thought you and Tom were dating each other.
I thought you and Tom were friends.
I thought you and Tom were going to do that together.
I thought you and Tom were going to go to Australia.
I thought you and Tom were going to go to Boston.
I thought you and Tom were married to each other.
I thought you and Tom were married.
I thought you asked me to come over today.
I thought you brought your guitar.
I thought you came to see Tom.
I thought you came to see her.
I thought you came to see him.
I thought you came to see me.
I thought you came to see them.
I thought you cared about Tom.
I thought you cared about her.
I thought you cared about him.
I thought you cared about me. I really did.
I thought you cared about them.
I thought you changed the tyres last week.
I thought you could do it for me.
I thought you could do that for me.
I thought you could do that.
I thought you could do with some help.
I thought you could drive.
I thought you could handle Tom.
I thought you could handle her.
I thought you could handle him.
I thought you could handle them.
I thought you could help me.
I thought you could help us.
I thought you could speak French better than Tom.
I thought you could speak French.
I thought you could swim.
I thought you could tell I wasn't ready.
I thought you could tell me what I needed to know.
I thought you could understand French.
I thought you could use a break.
I thought you could use a friend.
I thought you could use a hand.
I thought you could use it.
I thought you could use some help.
I thought you could use the help.
I thought you could use this.
I thought you couldn't play the banjo.
I thought you couldn't read.
I thought you couldn't speak French.
I thought you couldn't understand French.
I thought you did fairly well.
I thought you did that fairly well.
I thought you did that last week.
I thought you did that quite well.
I thought you did that really well.
I thought you didn't approve of Tom dating Mary.
I thought you didn't believe in ghosts.
I thought you didn't care about Tom.
I thought you didn't care about money.
I thought you didn't drink.
I thought you didn't have a boyfriend.
I thought you didn't have a car.
I thought you didn't have a dog.
I thought you didn't have a girlfriend.
I thought you didn't have any family.
I thought you didn't have any money.
I thought you didn't have many problems.
I thought you didn't have one.
I thought you didn't have secrets from Tom.
I thought you didn't have to do that.
I thought you didn't know Tom.
I thought you didn't know about it.
I thought you didn't know about that.
I thought you didn't know anything about lacrosse.
I thought you didn't know her.
I thought you didn't know him.
I thought you didn't know how to do anything.
I thought you didn't know how to do that.
I thought you didn't know how to drive a forklift.
I thought you didn't know how to drive.
I thought you didn't know how to play the banjo.
I thought you didn't know how to speak French.
I thought you didn't know how to swim.
I thought you didn't know that.
I thought you didn't know them.
I thought you didn't know what to do.
I thought you didn't know where Tom and Mary were.
I thought you didn't know where Tom was.
I thought you didn't know.
I thought you didn't like Australia.
I thought you didn't like Boston.
I thought you didn't like Tom anymore.
I thought you didn't like Tom.
I thought you didn't like her anymore.
I thought you didn't like her.
I thought you didn't like him anymore.
I thought you didn't like him.
I thought you didn't like it.
I thought you didn't like marching bands.
I thought you didn't like romance movies.
I thought you didn't like them.
I thought you didn't need anybody.
I thought you didn't need to do that.
I thought you didn't play tennis.
I thought you didn't see anything.
I thought you didn't smoke.
I thought you didn't to know how to do that.
I thought you didn't to know how to play the piano.
I thought you didn't understand French.
I thought you didn't want anything to eat.
I thought you didn't want me anymore.
I thought you didn't want me to do that.
I thought you didn't want me to stay.
I thought you didn't want the reward.
I thought you didn't want to be with me anymore.
I thought you didn't want to come.
I thought you didn't want to get involved.
I thought you didn't want to get the house dirty.
I thought you didn't want to go.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this matter.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this now.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this stuff.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this.
I thought you didn't want to talk about what happened.
I thought you didn't want to talk to us.
I thought you didn't want us to call Tom.
I thought you didn’t want to come.
I thought you enjoyed my company.
I thought you enjoyed swimming.
I thought you enjoyed talking about baseball.
I thought you expected me to do that.
I thought you finished it.
I thought you fired Tom.
I thought you forgot.
I thought you found them.
I thought you gave Tom your old jacket.
I thought you got your job back.
I thought you grew up in Australia.
I thought you grew up in Boston.
I thought you grew up in the posh part of town.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
I thought you guys had already left.
I thought you guys might like to come with us.
I thought you guys were friends.
I thought you guys were just friends.
I thought you guys were my friends.
I thought you guys were planning on coming to my party.
I thought you guys were planning on going swimming.
I thought you guys were together.
I thought you had a date with Tom.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a driver's license.
I thought you had a maid.
I thought you had a meeting at 2:30.
I thought you had agreed not to phone me again.
I thought you had all the answers.
I thought you had already eaten.
I thought you had already left.
I thought you had an agreement with Tom.
I thought you had another reason.
I thought you had balls, it seems I was wrong.
I thought you had better not go out.
I thought you had come on business.
I thought you had convinced Tom to help us.
I thought you had enjoyed the experience.
I thought you had finished that already.
I thought you had fixed it.
I thought you had found someone else.
I thought you had grown out of your childish bellyaching about the academy.
I thought you had higher standards.
I thought you had homework.
I thought you had it all figured out.
I thought you had kids.
I thought you had learned that by now.
I thought you had left.
I thought you had lost your watch.
I thought you had more sense than that.
I thought you had more sense than to go out with Tom.
I thought you had plans with Tom.
I thought you had plans.
I thought you had promised to give that to Tom.
I thought you had read my CV.
I thought you had read my résumé.
I thought you had recognized Tom.
I thought you had somewhere else to be.
I thought you had taken everything out of the office.
I thought you had the day off today.
I thought you had to be up by 7.30.
I thought you had to get up at 7.30.
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
I thought you had to go.
I thought you had to work.
I thought you had understood me.
I thought you hated Australia.
I thought you hated Boston.
I thought you hated Christmas.
I thought you hated Halloween.
I thought you hated Mary.
I thought you hated Tom.
I thought you hated garlic.
I thought you hated her.
I thought you hated him.
I thought you hated living in Australia.
I thought you hated living in Boston.
I thought you hated me.
I thought you hated red wine.
I thought you hated the piano.
I thought you hated them.
I thought you hated these people.
I thought you hated this house.
I thought you hated this place.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you have convinced him.
I thought you jury-rigged something.
I thought you just came from Australia.
I thought you just came from Boston.
I thought you just had two drinks.
I thought you just said something.
I thought you kept kosher.
I thought you knew French.
I thought you knew I couldn't speak French.
I thought you knew I was just kidding.
I thought you knew I was kidding.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were both allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were coming.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be busy today.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were married.
I thought you knew Tom could speak French.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't do that.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't speak French.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't win.
I thought you knew Tom didn't have a driver's license.
I thought you knew Tom didn't like Mary.
I thought you knew Tom graduated from Harvard.
I thought you knew Tom was Mary's brother.
I thought you knew Tom was a coal miner.
I thought you knew Tom was a college drop out.
I thought you knew Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew Tom was coming.
I thought you knew Tom was going to be busy today.
I thought you knew Tom was going to be here today.
I thought you knew Tom.
I thought you knew a shortcut.
I thought you knew both Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew each other.
I thought you knew her.
I thought you knew him.
I thought you knew how to do that.
I thought you knew how to play the piano.
I thought you knew how to speak French.
I thought you knew me better than that.
I thought you knew me better.
I thought you knew me.
I thought you knew something that I didn't know.
I thought you knew that Tom was Mary's brother.
I thought you knew that Tom was a coal miner.
I thought you knew that Tom was a college drop out.
I thought you knew that Tom wasn't going to be at today's meeting.
I thought you knew that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I thought you knew that already.
I thought you knew that.
I thought you knew the truth.
I thought you knew them.
I thought you knew this area.
I thought you knew what was going on.
I thought you knew.
I thought you left with Tom.
I thought you left with her.
I thought you left with him.
I thought you left with them.
I thought you liked Halloween.
I thought you liked Kabyle music.
I thought you liked Mary.
I thought you liked Tom better than John.
I thought you liked Tom better than me.
I thought you liked Tom.
I thought you liked being alone.
I thought you liked couscous.
I thought you liked everybody.
I thought you liked her.
I thought you liked him.
I thought you liked it here.
I thought you liked me.
I thought you liked pancakes.
I thought you liked parties.
I thought you liked playing with me.
I thought you liked romance novels.
I thought you liked swimming.
I thought you liked that.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
I thought you lived by yourself.
I thought you lived by yourselves.
I thought you lived in Australia.
I thought you lived in Boston.
I thought you lived on Park Street.
I thought you lived with Tom.
I thought you lived with her.
I thought you lived with him.
I thought you lived with them.
I thought you lived with your family.
I thought you looked beautiful in that dress.
I thought you looked depressed.
I thought you looked familiar.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked tired.
I thought you loved Christmas.
I thought you loved Sami.
I thought you loved Tom.
I thought you loved chocolate.
I thought you loved her.
I thought you loved him.
I thought you loved it.
I thought you loved me.
I thought you loved playing the piano.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you loved swimming.
I thought you loved that.
I thought you loved the piano.
I thought you loved them.
I thought you meant something else.
I thought you might actually do it.
I thought you might actually do that.
I thought you might ask that.
I thought you might back out.
I thought you might be a little surprised.
I thought you might be able to give me a hand.
I thought you might be able to help.
I thought you might be able to tell me how to do this.
I thought you might be able to tell me what I want to know.
I thought you might be busy.
I thought you might be curious.
I thought you might be feeling lonely, so I grabbed a bottle of wine and came over to see you.
I thought you might be hungry by now.
I thought you might be hungry, so I made some sandwiches.
I thought you might be hungry, so I made you a sandwich.
I thought you might be hungry.
I thought you might be in Australia now.
I thought you might be in Australia this week.
I thought you might be in Boston this week.
I thought you might be interested in doing this with me today.
I thought you might be interested in knowing.
I thought you might be interested in this book.
I thought you might be interested in this.
I thought you might be interested in trying a Japanese meal.
I thought you might be interested in trying some of these games I programmed.
I thought you might be interested to know that Tom and Mary have quit dating each other.
I thought you might be interested.
I thought you might be lonely, so I came over with a bottle of wine.
I thought you might be mad at me.
I thought you might be out of breath.
I thought you might be the only person who would listen to me.
I thought you might be thirsty.
I thought you might be too busy to help.
I thought you might be upset.
I thought you might change your mind.
I thought you might change.
I thought you might come.
I thought you might do it.
I thought you might do that.
I thought you might enjoy doing that.
I thought you might enjoy it.
I thought you might enjoy some company.
I thought you might feel like an early lunch.
I thought you might feel like going out for a drink.
I thought you might feel sorry for Tom.
I thought you might feel the same way.
I thought you might find this book interesting.
I thought you might find this interesting.
I thought you might get cold, so I brought a jacket.
I thought you might have a change of heart.
I thought you might have decided to start without me.
I thought you might help.
I thought you might know Tom's phone number.
I thought you might know how to speak French.
I thought you might know where Tom went.
I thought you might know.
I thought you might like it.
I thought you might like me to make you dinner.
I thought you might like one of these.
I thought you might like some brandy.
I thought you might like some breakfast.
I thought you might like some company.
I thought you might like some hot coffee.
I thought you might like something to drink.
I thought you might like something to eat.
I thought you might like that.
I thought you might like this back.
I thought you might like this book.
I thought you might like this.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary are planning to be here tomorrow.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary aren't planning on coming.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary aren't planning to come.
I thought you might like to know that Tom is planning to be here tomorrow.
I thought you might like to know that Tom isn't planning on coming.
I thought you might like to know that Tom isn't planning to come.
I thought you might like to know that.
I thought you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend.
I thought you might like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I thought you might like to know who's coming to our party.
I thought you might like to know.
I thought you might like to meet Tom.
I thought you might like to see some of Tom's paintings.
I thought you might like to see this.
I thought you might like to talk.
I thought you might need a friend.
I thought you might need help.
I thought you might need it.
I thought you might need our help.
I thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding.
I thought you might need some help.
I thought you might need this.
I thought you might not come.
I thought you might not want to help us.
I thought you might quit.
I thought you might try to do something like that.
I thought you might walk Mary home.
I thought you might want Tom to play golf with you.
I thought you might want a drink.
I thought you might want it.
I thought you might want some breakfast.
I thought you might want some help.
I thought you might want something cold to drink.
I thought you might want something hot to drink.
I thought you might want something to drink.
I thought you might want this back.
I thought you might want this.
I thought you might want to come along.
I thought you might want to do that.
I thought you might want to go swimming with us.
I thought you might want to go with us.
I thought you might want to know that Tom arrived a few minutes ago.
I thought you might want to know.
I thought you might want to look over these documents.
I thought you might want to play a game of chess.
I thought you might want to read this.
I thought you might want to see Tom right away.
I thought you might want to see Tom.
I thought you might want to see this.
I thought you might want to talk about it.
I thought you might want to talk.
I thought you might want to watch this.
I thought you might've just forgotten.
I thought you might've left town.
I thought you might've seen something.
I thought you might've talked to Tom.
I thought you missed your flight.
I thought you missed your train.
I thought you moved to Australia.
I thought you moved to Boston.
I thought you needed help.
I thought you needed it.
I thought you needed money.
I thought you needed some sleep.
I thought you needed the rest.
I thought you needed the sleep.
I thought you of all people would understand my decision.
I thought you only dated girls who were shorter than you.
I thought you ought to know.
I thought you quit drinking, Tom.
I thought you quit drinking.
I thought you quit.
I thought you read my resume.
I thought you recognized Tom.
I thought you recognized her.
I thought you recognized him.
I thought you recognized me.
I thought you recognized them.
I thought you recognized us.
I thought you replaced the tires last week.
I thought you said 2:30.
I thought you said I could count on you.
I thought you said I could spend the night here.
I thought you said I couldn't do that.
I thought you said I had to do that.
I thought you said I have to do that.
I thought you said I needed to do that.
I thought you said Tom and Mary do that a lot.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were bankers.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were butchers.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were carpenters.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were dangerous.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were friend of yours.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were in Boston.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were leaving.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were married.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were mechanics.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were overweight.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were patients of yours.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were stupid.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were tailors.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't going.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't here.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't members of our club.
I thought you said Tom could do that.
I thought you said Tom could win.
I thought you said Tom did that.
I thought you said Tom didn't do that.
I thought you said Tom didn't like you.
I thought you said Tom didn't live in Australia anymore.
I thought you said Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
I thought you said Tom didn't win.
I thought you said Tom does that a lot.
I thought you said Tom had no facial hair.
I thought you said Tom had to do that.
I thought you said Tom might do that.
I thought you said Tom needed more time.
I thought you said Tom often does that.
I thought you said Tom should do that.
I thought you said Tom used to live in Australia.
I thought you said Tom used to live in Boston.
I thought you said Tom was a banker.
I thought you said Tom was a barber.
I thought you said Tom was a butcher.
I thought you said Tom was a cardiologist.
I thought you said Tom was a carpenter.
I thought you said Tom was a friend of yours.
I thought you said Tom was a jerk.
I thought you said Tom was a mechanic.
I thought you said Tom was a patient of yours.
I thought you said Tom was a pilot.
I thought you said Tom was a priest.
I thought you said Tom was a tailor.
I thought you said Tom was dangerous.
I thought you said Tom was dead.
I thought you said Tom was from Australia.
I thought you said Tom was in Australia.
I thought you said Tom was in Boston.
I thought you said Tom was leaving.
I thought you said Tom was married.
I thought you said Tom was overweight.
I thought you said Tom was shot in the back.
I thought you said Tom was stupid.
I thought you said Tom was your brother.
I thought you said Tom wasn't a member of our club.
I thought you said Tom wasn't going to be here.
I thought you said Tom wasn't going.
I thought you said Tom wasn't here.
I thought you said Tom would be asleep.
I thought you said Tom would do that.
I thought you said Tom would never hurt Mary.
I thought you said Tom would win.
I thought you said it was a joke.
I thought you said it was getting fixed.
I thought you said it was nothing.
I thought you said it was urgent.
I thought you said it was yours.
I thought you said it wasn't contagious.
I thought you said no one was going to be here.
I thought you said nobody here could speak French.
I thought you said nobody knew about us.
I thought you said nobody liked Tom.
I thought you said nobody was going to be here.
I thought you said nothing happened.
I thought you said nothing was going to happen.
I thought you said nothing was happening.
I thought you said nothing would happen.
I thought you said someone asked you to do that.
I thought you said someone told you to do that.
I thought you said someone was going to meet us.
I thought you said something.
I thought you said that I could count on you.
I thought you said that I could spend the night here.
I thought you said that I couldn't do that.
I thought you said that I had to do that.
I thought you said that I have to do that.
I thought you said that I needed to do that.
I thought you said that Tom and Mary were married.
I thought you said that Tom could do that.
I thought you said that Tom could win.
I thought you said that Tom did that.
I thought you said that Tom didn't do that.
I thought you said that Tom didn't like you.
I thought you said that Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
I thought you said that Tom didn't win.
I thought you said that Tom does that a lot.
I thought you said that Tom had no facial hair.
I thought you said that Tom had to do that.
I thought you said that Tom might do that.
I thought you said that Tom needed more time.
I thought you said that Tom often does that.
I thought you said that Tom should do that.
I thought you said that Tom used to live in Boston.
I thought you said that Tom was a banker.
I thought you said that Tom was a barber.
I thought you said that Tom was a butcher.
I thought you said that Tom was a carpenter.
I thought you said that Tom was a friend of yours.
I thought you said that Tom was a jerk.
I thought you said that Tom was a mechanic.
I thought you said that Tom was a patient of yours.
I thought you said that Tom was a pilot.
I thought you said that Tom was a priest.
I thought you said that Tom was a tailor.
I thought you said that Tom was dangerous.
I thought you said that Tom was dead.
I thought you said that Tom was going to be here.
I thought you said that Tom was in Boston.
I thought you said that Tom was leaving.
I thought you said that Tom was married.
I thought you said that Tom was overweight.
I thought you said that Tom was stupid.
I thought you said that Tom was your brother.
I thought you said that Tom wasn't a member of our club.
I thought you said that Tom wasn't going to be here.
I thought you said that Tom wasn't going.
I thought you said that Tom wasn't here.
I thought you said that Tom would be asleep.
I thought you said that Tom would do that.
I thought you said that Tom would never hurt Mary.
I thought you said that Tom would win.
I thought you said that it was getting fixed.
I thought you said that it was nothing.
I thought you said that it was urgent.
I thought you said that it was yours.
I thought you said that it wasn't contagious.
I thought you said that no one here could speak French.
I thought you said that no one was going to be here.
I thought you said that nobody here could speak French.
I thought you said that nobody knew about us.
I thought you said that nobody liked Tom.
I thought you said that nobody was going to be here.
I thought you said that nothing happened.
I thought you said that someone asked you to do that.
I thought you said that someone told you to do that.
I thought you said that someone was going to meet us.
I thought you said that the meeting was next Monday.
I thought you said that the police would never find us here.
I thought you said that they'd let sit in on the meeting.
I thought you said that this was going to be fun.
I thought you said that we could go anywhere we wanted.
I thought you said that we were going there today.
I thought you said that we weren't going to be here.
I thought you said that we weren't going to complain anymore.
I thought you said that we weren't going to do that again.
I thought you said that we weren't going to do that anymore.
I thought you said that we weren't going to do that.
I thought you said that we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought you said that we weren't going to go to Boston with Tom.
I thought you said that we weren't going to sing.
I thought you said that you can't afford to build a garage.
I thought you said that you could finish writing the report by today.
I thought you said that you could play the piano.
I thought you said that you could speak French.
I thought you said that you could swim.
I thought you said that you couldn't afford a truck.
I thought you said that you couldn't do that.
I thought you said that you couldn't draw.
I thought you said that you couldn't eat raw fish.
I thought you said that you couldn't speak French.
I thought you said that you did that on Monday.
I thought you said that you didn't do that kind of thing.
I thought you said that you didn't do that.
I thought you said that you didn't eat meat.
I thought you said that you didn't have any problems.
I thought you said that you didn't know Tom.
I thought you said that you didn't know anybody in Boston.
I thought you said that you didn't know anyone in Boston.
I thought you said that you didn't know how to do that.
I thought you said that you didn't know how to play the saxophone.
I thought you said that you didn't know how to speak French.
I thought you said that you didn't know what to do.
I thought you said that you didn't like Tom.
I thought you said that you didn't like fishing.
I thought you said that you didn't like to do that.
I thought you said that you didn't need to do that.
I thought you said that you didn't see Tom this morning.
I thought you said that you didn't see anything.
I thought you said that you didn't speak French.
I thought you said that you didn't to know how to play the harmonica.
I thought you said that you didn't trust Tom.
I thought you said that you didn't want to be disturbed.
I thought you said that you didn't want to do that.
I thought you said that you didn't want to go with us.
I thought you said that you didn't want to talk about it.
I thought you said that you enjoyed doing that.
I thought you said that you enjoyed golf.
I thought you said that you had a dog.
I thought you said that you had been asked to do that.
I thought you said that you had forgotten how to do that.
I thought you said that you had fun doing that.
I thought you said that you had something to tell me.
I thought you said that you had to work.
I thought you said that you hated Tom.
I thought you said that you hated doing that.
I thought you said that you hated that.
I thought you said that you heard a dog barking.
I thought you said that you heard some gunshots.
I thought you said that you knew Tom.
I thought you said that you knew how to speak French.
I thought you said that you liked Tom.
I thought you said that you liked to try new things.
I thought you said that you lived in Boston.
I thought you said that you needed me to do that for you.
I thought you said that you needed me to do that.
I thought you said that you needed to do that by yourself.
I thought you said that you needed to do that today.
I thought you said that you never went out drinking.
I thought you said that you only did that once.
I thought you said that you promised Tom you'd do that.
I thought you said that you regretted doing that.
I thought you said that you saw Tom doing that.
I thought you said that you saw Tom this morning.
I thought you said that you studied all night.
I thought you said that you used to live in Boston.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to do that for you.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to do that today.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to do that with you.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to know that you really didn't want to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted Tom to stop doing that.
I thought you said that you wanted me to buy that for you.
I thought you said that you wanted me to do that for you.
I thought you said that you wanted me to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to be excused from doing that.
I thought you said that you wanted to be the first one to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to be the last one to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to be the next one to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to be the one who did that for Tom.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that as soon as possible.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that by yourself.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that for Tom.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that last week.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that right away.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that this morning.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that today.
I thought you said that you wanted to do that with Tom.
I thought you said that you wanted to go swimming with Tom.
I thought you said that you wanted to go swimming with us.
I thought you said that you wanted to go to Boston.
I thought you said that you wanted to go with us.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who Tom was going to do that with.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who Tom was planning on doing that with.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who Tom was planning to do that with.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who was going to help me do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to learn French.
I thought you said that you wanted to learn how to do that.
I thought you said that you wanted to stay.
I thought you said that you wanted to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I thought you said that you were afraid to do that.
I thought you said that you were alone.
I thought you said that you were an only child.
I thought you said that you were asked not to do that.
I thought you said that you were born in Boston.
I thought you said that you were busy.
I thought you said that you were coming back to stay.
I thought you said that you were desperate to do that.
I thought you said that you were determined to do that.
I thought you said that you were done with Tom.
I thought you said that you were excused from doing that.
I thought you said that you were finished doing that.
I thought you said that you were fluent.
I thought you said that you were from Boston.
I thought you said that you were glad Tom did that.
I thought you said that you were glad Tom didn't do that.
I thought you said that you were glad you did that.
I thought you said that you were glad you didn't do that.
I thought you said that you were going to be in Boston this week.
I thought you said that you were going to be on vacation.
I thought you said that you were going to be working today.
I thought you said that you were going to buy me a drink.
I thought you said that you were going to do that.
I thought you said that you were hesitant to do that.
I thought you said that you were interested in doing that.
I thought you said that you were looking forward to doing that.
I thought you said that you were motivated to do that.
I thought you said that you were planning on doing that.
I thought you said that you were planning to do that.
I thought you said that you were ready to do that.
I thought you said that you were ready.
I thought you said that you were scared to do that.
I thought you said that you were sick of peanut butter.
I thought you said that you were staying until 2:30.
I thought you said that you were tempted to do that.
I thought you said that you were the first one to do that.
I thought you said that you were willing to do that.
I thought you said that you were willing to help us find Tom.
I thought you said that you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I thought you said that you weren't afraid.
I thought you said that you weren't attracted to Tom.
I thought you said that you weren't coming today.
I thought you said that you weren't coming.
I thought you said that you weren't going to be here.
I thought you said that you weren't going to do that.
I thought you said that you weren't going to smoke anymore.
I thought you said that you weren't interested.
I thought you said that you worked all morning.
I thought you said that you worked here.
I thought you said that you worked in Boston.
I thought you said that you worked with Tom.
I thought you said that you wouldn't be coming to school today.
I thought you said that you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I thought you said that you'd ask Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you'd do that for Tom.
I thought you said that you'd do that for free.
I thought you said that you'd do that for sure.
I thought you said that you'd do that on Monday.
I thought you said that you'd do that tomorrow.
I thought you said that you'd help us do that.
I thought you said that you'd keep Tom from doing that.
I thought you said that you'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
I thought you said that you'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I thought you said that you'd never allow Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you'd never ask Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you'd never do that again.
I thought you said that you'd never do that with Tom.
I thought you said that you'd never do that.
I thought you said that you'd never done that before.
I thought you said that you'd never go cycling with Tom.
I thought you said that you'd never let Tom do that.
I thought you said that you'd never let Tom drive.
I thought you said that you'd never permit Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you'd never try to do that alone.
I thought you said that you'd never try to do that by yourself.
I thought you said that you'd probably do that.
I thought you said that you'd quit doing that.
I thought you said that you'd rather do that alone.
I thought you said that you'd rather do that yourself.
I thought you said that you'd rather do that yourselves.
I thought you said that you'd rather not do that.
I thought you said that you'd save a piece of cake for me.
I thought you said that you'd still like to do that.
I thought you said that you'd stopped doing that.
I thought you said that you'd try doing that this weekend.
I thought you said that you're tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
I thought you said that you're tried doing that three times.
I thought you said that you're willing to do that.
I thought you said that you've done that three times.
I thought you said that you've only done that about three times.
I thought you said that you've only done that once.
I thought you said that you've only tried doing that once.
I thought you said that you've seen Tom do that.
I thought you said that you've seen Tom doing that.
I thought you said that you've seen people do that.
I thought you said that you've seen people doing that.
I thought you said that your car was stolen.
I thought you said that your cello was in the car.
I thought you said that your name was Tom.
I thought you said the meeting was next Monday.
I thought you said the police would never find us here.
I thought you said they'd let sit in on the meeting.
I thought you said this was going to be complicated.
I thought you said this was going to be fun.
I thought you said we could go anywhere we wanted.
I thought you said we were going there today.
I thought you said we weren't going to be here.
I thought you said we weren't going to complain anymore.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that again.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that anymore.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that.
I thought you said we weren't going to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought you said we weren't going to go to Boston with Tom.
I thought you said we weren't going to sing.
I thought you said you can't afford to build a garage.
I thought you said you could finish writing the report by today.
I thought you said you could legally drive a bus.
I thought you said you could play the piano.
I thought you said you could speak French.
I thought you said you could swim.
I thought you said you couldn't afford a truck.
I thought you said you couldn't do that.
I thought you said you couldn't draw.
I thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish.
I thought you said you couldn't speak French.
I thought you said you did that on Monday.
I thought you said you didn't do that kind of thing.
I thought you said you didn't do that.
I thought you said you didn't drink.
I thought you said you didn't eat meat.
I thought you said you didn't know Tom.
I thought you said you didn't know anybody in Boston.
I thought you said you didn't know anyone in Boston.
I thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
I thought you said you didn't know how to play the saxophone.
I thought you said you didn't know how to speak French.
I thought you said you didn't know what to do.
I thought you said you didn't like Tom.
I thought you said you didn't like fishing.
I thought you said you didn't like to do that.
I thought you said you didn't need to do that.
I thought you said you didn't see Tom this morning.
I thought you said you didn't see anything.
I thought you said you didn't smoke.
I thought you said you didn't speak French.
I thought you said you didn't to know how to play the harmonica.
I thought you said you didn't trust Tom.
I thought you said you didn't want to be disturbed.
I thought you said you didn't want to do that.
I thought you said you didn't want to go with us.
I thought you said you didn't want to talk about it.
I thought you said you enjoyed doing that.
I thought you said you enjoyed golf.
I thought you said you had a dog.
I thought you said you had been asked to do that.
I thought you said you had forgotten how to do that.
I thought you said you had fun doing that.
I thought you said you had something to tell me.
I thought you said you had to work.
I thought you said you hated Tom.
I thought you said you hated doing that.
I thought you said you hated that.
I thought you said you heard a dog barking.
I thought you said you heard some gunshots.
I thought you said you knew Tom might have to do that by himself.
I thought you said you knew Tom.
I thought you said you knew how to speak French.
I thought you said you like blueberries.
I thought you said you liked Tom.
I thought you said you liked to try new things.
I thought you said you lived alone.
I thought you said you lived in Australia.
I thought you said you lived in Boston.
I thought you said you needed me to do that for you.
I thought you said you needed me to do that.
I thought you said you needed to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you needed to do that today.
I thought you said you never went out drinking.
I thought you said you only did that once.
I thought you said you promised Tom you'd do that.
I thought you said you regretted doing that.
I thought you said you saw Tom doing that.
I thought you said you saw Tom this morning.
I thought you said you spoke Berber.
I thought you said you studied all night.
I thought you said you used to live in Australia.
I thought you said you used to live in Boston.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that for you.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that today.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that with you.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to know that you really didn't want to do that.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to show you how to do that.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to stop doing that.
I thought you said you wanted me to buy that for you.
I thought you said you wanted me to do that for you.
I thought you said you wanted me to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be excused from doing that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the first one to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the last one to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the next one to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to be the one who did that for Tom.
I thought you said you wanted to do that as soon as possible.
I thought you said you wanted to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you wanted to do that for Tom.
I thought you said you wanted to do that last week.
I thought you said you wanted to do that right away.
I thought you said you wanted to do that this morning.
I thought you said you wanted to do that today.
I thought you said you wanted to do that with Tom.
I thought you said you wanted to go swimming with Tom.
I thought you said you wanted to go swimming with us.
I thought you said you wanted to go to Australia.
I thought you said you wanted to go to Boston.
I thought you said you wanted to go with us.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were going to do that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning on doing that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning to that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was going to do that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was planning on doing that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom was planning to do that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who was going to help me do that.
I thought you said you wanted to learn French.
I thought you said you wanted to learn how to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I thought you said you were afraid to do that.
I thought you said you were alone.
I thought you said you were an only child.
I thought you said you were asked not to do that.
I thought you said you were bad at French.
I thought you said you were born in Australia.
I thought you said you were born in Boston.
I thought you said you were busy.
I thought you said you were desperate to do that.
I thought you said you were determined to do that.
I thought you said you were done with Tom.
I thought you said you were excused from doing that.
I thought you said you were finished doing that.
I thought you said you were fluent.
I thought you said you were from Australia.
I thought you said you were from Boston.
I thought you said you were glad Tom did that.
I thought you said you were glad Tom didn't do that.
I thought you said you were glad you did that.
I thought you said you were glad you didn't do that.
I thought you said you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought you said you were going to be in Boston this week.
I thought you said you were going to be on vacation.
I thought you said you were going to be working today.
I thought you said you were going to buy me a drink.
I thought you said you were going to do that.
I thought you said you were hesitant to do that.
I thought you said you were in a hurry?
I thought you said you were interested in doing that.
I thought you said you were looking forward to doing that.
I thought you said you were motivated to do that.
I thought you said you were only a child.
I thought you said you were planning on doing that.
I thought you said you were planning to do that.
I thought you said you were ready to do that.
I thought you said you were ready.
I thought you said you were scared to do that.
I thought you said you were sick of peanut butter.
I thought you said you were staying until 2:30.
I thought you said you were tempted to do that.
I thought you said you were the first one to do that.
I thought you said you were willing to do that.
I thought you said you were willing to help us find Tom.
I thought you said you weren't afraid of ghosts.
I thought you said you weren't afraid.
I thought you said you weren't attracted to Tom.
I thought you said you weren't coming today.
I thought you said you weren't coming.
I thought you said you weren't going to be here.
I thought you said you weren't going to do that.
I thought you said you weren't going to smoke anymore.
I thought you said you weren't interested.
I thought you said you worked all morning.
I thought you said you worked here.
I thought you said you worked in Australia.
I thought you said you worked in Boston.
I thought you said you worked with Tom.
I thought you said you wouldn't be coming to school today.
I thought you said you wouldn't be here.
I thought you said you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I thought you said you'd ask Tom to do that.
I thought you said you'd do that for Tom.
I thought you said you'd do that for free.
I thought you said you'd do that for sure.
I thought you said you'd do that if I wanted you to.
I thought you said you'd do that on Monday.
I thought you said you'd do that tomorrow.
I thought you said you'd do that yesterday afternoon.
I thought you said you'd done that.
I thought you said you'd help us do that.
I thought you said you'd keep Tom from doing that.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom did that.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
I thought you said you'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
I thought you said you'd never allow Tom to do that.
I thought you said you'd never ask Tom to do that.
I thought you said you'd never compromise.
I thought you said you'd never do that again.
I thought you said you'd never do that with Tom.
I thought you said you'd never do that.
I thought you said you'd never done that before.
I thought you said you'd never go cycling with Tom.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom and Mary do that.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom do that.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom drive.
I thought you said you'd never permit Tom to do that.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that alone.
I thought you said you'd never try to do that by yourself.
I thought you said you'd probably do that.
I thought you said you'd quit doing that.
I thought you said you'd rather do that alone.
I thought you said you'd rather do that yourself.
I thought you said you'd rather not do that.
I thought you said you'd save a piece of cake for me.
I thought you said you'd still like to do that.
I thought you said you'd stopped doing that.
I thought you said you'd try doing that this weekend.
I thought you said you're tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
I thought you said you're tried doing that three times.
I thought you said you're willing to do that.
I thought you said you've done that three times.
I thought you said you've only done that about three times.
I thought you said you've only done that once.
I thought you said you've only tried doing that once.
I thought you said you've seen Tom and Mary do that.
I thought you said you've seen Tom do that.
I thought you said you've seen Tom doing that.
I thought you said you've seen people do that.
I thought you said you've seen people doing that.
I thought you said your car was stolen.
I thought you said your cello was in the car.
I thought you said your name was Tom.
I thought you set the alarm for 2:30.
I thought you should know I've been dating Mary.
I thought you should know.
I thought you should read these documents.
I thought you should see this contract.
I thought you should see this.
I thought you spoke French.
I thought you stopped dating him.
I thought you studied French.
I thought you thought Tom was still a bricklayer.
I thought you thought Tom wasn't interested in sports.
I thought you thought that Tom was still a bricklayer.
I thought you thought that Tom wasn't interested in sports.
I thought you told me that you couldn't speak French.
I thought you told me that you liked baseball.
I thought you told me you could do that.
I thought you told me you couldn't do that.
I thought you told me you couldn't speak French.
I thought you told me you did that.
I thought you told me you didn't know Tom.
I thought you told me you would do that.
I thought you told me you wouldn't do that.
I thought you trusted me.
I thought you two didn't like each other.
I thought you two knew each other.
I thought you two played tennis together every weekend.
I thought you two should meet each other.
I thought you two wanted to work together.
I thought you two were so close.
I thought you two were the same age.
I thought you two would have a lot in common.
I thought you understood me.
I thought you understood that.
I thought you understood this.
I thought you understood, I thought you knew why I did what I did.
I thought you understood.
I thought you used to be a French teacher.
I thought you used to be a teacher in Australia.
I thought you used to do that.
I thought you used to live in a trailer.
I thought you used to teach French in Australia.
I thought you used to teach French in Boston.
I thought you used to teach French.
I thought you wanted Tom to marry you.
I thought you wanted a divorce.
I thought you wanted me here.
I thought you wanted me to be here by 2:30.
I thought you wanted me to handle it.
I thought you wanted me to help you.
I thought you wanted my piano.
I thought you wanted the truth.
I thought you wanted this back.
I thought you wanted this job.
I thought you wanted this.
I thought you wanted to be a dancer.
I thought you wanted to be alone.
I thought you wanted to call your wife.
I thought you wanted to come with us.
I thought you wanted to eat at that Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
I thought you wanted to get married.
I thought you wanted to get out of here.
I thought you wanted to get rid of me.
I thought you wanted to go to Australia with us.
I thought you wanted to go to Australia.
I thought you wanted to go to Boston with us.
I thought you wanted to go to the party with Tom.
I thought you wanted to go with us.
I thought you wanted to kill me.
I thought you wanted to learn French.
I thought you wanted to learn how to do this.
I thought you wanted to learn how to speak French.
I thought you wanted to learn to speak French.
I thought you wanted to marry Tom.
I thought you wanted to meet Tom.
I thought you wanted to murder me.
I thought you wanted to play.
I thought you wanted to see me.
I thought you wanted to talk to me.
I thought you wanted to talk with Tom.
I thought you wanted to wait until Tom arrived.
I thought you wanted to wait.
I thought you wanted to watch that movie.
I thought you went home.
I thought you went shopping yesterday.
I thought you went to the game.
I thought you went to your room to sleep.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were Catholic.
I thought you were French teachers.
I thought you were Hispanic.
I thought you were Japanese.
I thought you were Jewish.
I thought you were Mennad.
I thought you were Tom's best friend.
I thought you were Tom's friend.
I thought you were Tom's legal guardian.
I thought you were Tom's uncle.
I thought you were Tom.
I thought you were a Canadian.
I thought you were a French teacher.
I thought you were a better chess player than me.
I thought you were a better chess player than this.
I thought you were a better guitar player than that.
I thought you were a big kid.
I thought you were a boy at first.
I thought you were a burglar.
I thought you were a cop.
I thought you were a decent young woman.
I thought you were a doctor.
I thought you were a dummy.
I thought you were a friend.
I thought you were a ghost.
I thought you were a girl.
I thought you were a man of honor.
I thought you were a man.
I thought you were a moderate.
I thought you were a nurse.
I thought you were a policeman.
I thought you were a reasonable person.
I thought you were a scientist.
I thought you were a teacher.
I thought you were a vegan.
I thought you were able to speak French.
I thought you were against this proposal.
I thought you were alone.
I thought you were already dead.
I thought you were already in bed.
I thought you were angry with Tom.
I thought you were around.
I thought you were asked not to do that again.
I thought you were asked not to do that anymore.
I thought you were asleep.
I thought you were at the gym.
I thought you were at work.
I thought you were attracted to me.
I thought you were better than that.
I thought you were bluffing.
I thought you were brilliant.
I thought you were broke.
I thought you were busy.
I thought you were coming alone.
I thought you were coming at 11 o'clock.
I thought you were coming over last night.
I thought you were coming to the mall with us.
I thought you were coming today.
I thought you were coming with me.
I thought you were coming with us.
I thought you were crazy about Tom.
I thought you were dating Tom.
I thought you were dating her.
I thought you were dating him.
I thought you were dead.
I thought you were different.
I thought you were doing a great job.
I thought you were done with this.
I thought you were done.
I thought you were downstairs.
I thought you were excited that I was getting married.
I thought you were feeling depressed.
I thought you were finished.
I thought you were fluent in French.
I thought you were fluent.
I thought you were from Australia.
I thought you were from Boston.
I thought you were funny.
I thought you were going on another college trip this Thursday.
I thought you were going out tonight.
I thought you were going out with Tom.
I thought you were going places.
I thought you were going steady with Tom.
I thought you were going to Algeria.
I thought you were going to Australia.
I thought you were going to Boston by bus.
I thought you were going to Boston.
I thought you were going to Harvard.
I thought you were going to ask Tom not to do that.
I thought you were going to ask Tom to do that.
I thought you were going to ask us to leave.
I thought you were going to be able to do it.
I thought you were going to be able to do that.
I thought you were going to be at home last night.
I thought you were going to be at the concert last week.
I thought you were going to be at the party last night.
I thought you were going to be gone all afternoon.
I thought you were going to be gone all day.
I thought you were going to be here tomorrow.
I thought you were going to be here yesterday.
I thought you were going to be in Australia this week.
I thought you were going to be in Boston tonight.
I thought you were going to buy a jacket.
I thought you were going to buy groceries.
I thought you were going to buy that car.
I thought you were going to call in sick.
I thought you were going to call last night.
I thought you were going to come over last night.
I thought you were going to come straight home.
I thought you were going to die.
I thought you were going to divide up work.
I thought you were going to do something about that.
I thought you were going to do that yesterday.
I thought you were going to do that.
I thought you were going to do this.
I thought you were going to fix that.
I thought you were going to fix the sink.
I thought you were going to go shopping with Tom.
I thought you were going to go to Australia.
I thought you were going to go to Boston.
I thought you were going to go with us.
I thought you were going to help Tom.
I thought you were going to help us.
I thought you were going to help.
I thought you were going to hurt me.
I thought you were going to keep Tom busy.
I thought you were going to keep Tom happy.
I thought you were going to keep Tom here until I got back.
I thought you were going to keep Tom occupied.
I thought you were going to kill me.
I thought you were going to let me go.
I thought you were going to let me stay here.
I thought you were going to live with us.
I thought you were going to make dinner.
I thought you were going to make tea.
I thought you were going to offer me the job.
I thought you were going to provoke Tom.
I thought you were going to quit working for Tom.
I thought you were going to quit.
I thought you were going to return that.
I thought you were going to say something else.
I thought you were going to say that.
I thought you were going to sleep all day.
I thought you were going to stay at home.
I thought you were going to stay home.
I thought you were going to stay with Tom.
I thought you were going to talk about this with Tom.
I thought you were going to talk to Tom about it.
I thought you were going to talk to Tom about that.
I thought you were going to talk with Tom.
I thought you were going to the carnival with Tom tonight.
I thought you were going to the library this afternoon.
I thought you were going to the supermarket.
I thought you were going to travel around Australia.
I thought you were going to visit Tom.
I thought you were going to wait for Tom.
I thought you were going to wait for me.
I thought you were going to watch Tom this afternoon.
I thought you were going to wear your new suit.
I thought you were going to win the contest.
I thought you were gone for good.
I thought you were good at French.
I thought you were good at math.
I thought you were good.
I thought you were grounded.
I thought you were happy here.
I thought you were happy!
I thought you were happy.
I thought you were having a good time.
I thought you were he.
I thought you were her friend.
I thought you were his friend.
I thought you were hungry.
I thought you were in Australia with Tom.
I thought you were in Australia.
I thought you were in Boston with Tom.
I thought you were in Boston.
I thought you were in Kabylie.
I thought you were in bed.
I thought you were in charge.
I thought you were in prison.
I thought you were in your room.
I thought you were injured.
I thought you were interested in doing that.
I thought you were interested.
I thought you were into it.
I thought you were into this.
I thought you were joking.
I thought you were just here to see Tom.
I thought you were just joking.
I thought you were just kidding.
I thought you were kidding.
I thought you were leaving Australia.
I thought you were leaving Boston.
I thought you were leaving town.
I thought you were leaving.
I thought you were listening.
I thought you were living with Tom.
I thought you were lying.
I thought you were mad at Tom.
I thought you were mad at her.
I thought you were mad at him.
I thought you were mad at me.
I thought you were mad at them.
I thought you were making dinner.
I thought you were making tea.
I thought you were married.
I thought you were much younger.
I thought you were my best friend.
I thought you were my friend.
I thought you were never going to come back.
I thought you were off duty today.
I thought you were off today.
I thought you were offended.
I thought you were older than me.
I thought you were on duty.
I thought you were on my side.
I thought you were one of us.
I thought you were only angry with me and not with the rest of my family.
I thought you were planning on going to Australia.
I thought you were planning on going to Boston.
I thought you were planning on staying in bed all day.
I thought you were planning to be here earlier.
I thought you were planning to be here early.
I thought you were pregnant.
I thought you were preparing dinner.
I thought you were probably insane.
I thought you were promised to Mary.
I thought you were promised to Tom.
I thought you were raised in Australia.
I thought you were raised in Boston.
I thought you were raised in L.A.
I thought you were retired.
I thought you were rich.
I thought you were right.
I thought you were rude.
I thought you were seeing someone else.
I thought you were serious.
I thought you were siblings.
I thought you were sleeping.
I thought you were smart enough to know better.
I thought you were smart.
I thought you were smarter than that.
I thought you were so happy here.
I thought you were somebody I knew.
I thought you were somebody else.
I thought you were someone else.
I thought you were staying at Tom's.
I thought you were still in Australia.
I thought you were still in Boston.
I thought you were still married.
I thought you were still planning on doing that.
I thought you were still planning to do that.
I thought you were still sleeping.
I thought you were still studying French.
I thought you were still working in Australia.
I thought you were still working in Boston.
I thought you were supposed to be able to do this.
I thought you were supposed to be an expert?
I thought you were supposed to be at school now.
I thought you were supposed to be at work today.
I thought you were supposed to be helping Tom.
I thought you were supposed to be here last Monday.
I thought you were supposed to be in Australia this week.
I thought you were supposed to be in Australia.
I thought you were supposed to be in Boston this week.
I thought you were supposed to be in Boston.
I thought you were supposed to be looking after Tom.
I thought you were supposed to be strong.
I thought you were supposed to be there by 2:30.
I thought you were supposed to be there yesterday.
I thought you were supposed to be there.
I thought you were supposed to brave.
I thought you were supposed to do that today.
I thought you were supposed to doing that right now.
I thought you were supposed to have that report written by now.
I thought you were taking a nap.
I thought you were talking to her.
I thought you were taller.
I thought you were teaching Tom French.
I thought you were the one chosen to do that.
I thought you were tired.
I thought you were together.
I thought you were told not to do that again.
I thought you were told not to do that anymore.
I thought you were traveling.
I thought you were trying to be funny.
I thought you were unemployed.
I thought you were used to living in a trailer.
I thought you were with Tom.
I thought you were with her.
I thought you were with him.
I thought you were with them.
I thought you were working for Tom.
I thought you were working late.
I thought you were working.
I thought you were your father.
I thought you weren't awake.
I thought you weren't busy.
I thought you weren't coming back.
I thought you weren't coming here until this afternoon.
I thought you weren't coming.
I thought you weren't finished doing that.
I thought you weren't going back for a couple of days.
I thought you weren't going to do that any more.
I thought you weren't going to do that anymore.
I thought you weren't going to do that.
I thought you weren't going to do this again.
I thought you weren't going to get here on time.
I thought you weren't going to make it.
I thought you weren't going to tell anyone.
I thought you weren't interested in politics.
I thought you weren't into Halloween.
I thought you weren't married.
I thought you weren't supposed to be doing that here.
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom today.
I thought you weren't supposed to be helping Tom.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that again.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that anymore.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that by yourself.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that by yourselves.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that here.
I thought you weren't supposed to do that.
I thought you weren't supposed to talk to Tom.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody about that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anybody.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone about that.
I thought you weren't supposed to tell anyone.
I thought you would be able to do that.
I thought you would be alone.
I thought you would be here.
I thought you would be late.
I thought you would be making tea.
I thought you would be pleased.
I thought you would be preparing dinner.
I thought you would be the love of my life; how wrong I was!
I thought you would be there last night.
I thought you would come.
I thought you would do better.
I thought you would do that.
I thought you would end up married to Tom.
I thought you would find it interesting.
I thought you would have to do that.
I thought you would laugh.
I thought you would like it.
I thought you would like this idea.
I thought you would love it.
I thought you would love me for the rest of my life.
I thought you would miss your train.
I thought you would need to do that.
I thought you would never call me.
I thought you would never call.
I thought you would never come here.
I thought you would recognize Tom.
I thought you would say that.
I thought you would show up.
I thought you would understand.
I thought you would want to do that.
I thought you would want to go to the concert with us.
I thought you wouldn't be able to carry everything.
I thought you wouldn't be able to do that.
I thought you wouldn't be busy.
I thought you wouldn't be coming back again.
I thought you wouldn't be doing that any more.
I thought you wouldn't be happy to hear the news, but I didn't think you would go through the roof. I've never seen you that angry.
I thought you wouldn't be here today.
I thought you wouldn't be so busy.
I thought you wouldn't come.
I thought you wouldn't do that.
I thought you wouldn't give up.
I thought you wouldn't have fun doing that.
I thought you wouldn't have to do that.
I thought you wouldn't know the answer.
I thought you wouldn't like Australia.
I thought you wouldn't like Boston.
I thought you wouldn't like Tom.
I thought you wouldn't like it.
I thought you wouldn't like me.
I thought you wouldn't mind waiting for me.
I thought you wouldn't mind.
I thought you wouldn't need to do that.
I thought you wouldn't notice that Tom and Mary weren't here.
I thought you wouldn't notice that Tom wasn't here.
I thought you wouldn't recognize me.
I thought you wouldn't show up.
I thought you wouldn't tell her that we hadn't done our homework.
I thought you wouldn't tell the teacher that I hadn't done my homework.
I thought you wouldn't trust me.
I thought you wouldn't want that.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that with me.
I thought you wouldn't want to do that.
I thought you wouldn't want to go with us.
I thought you wouldn’t come.
I thought you'd agree with me.
I thought you'd agree.
I thought you'd all gone and left me.
I thought you'd all want to know.
I thought you'd already been compensated for that.
I thought you'd already been paid for that.
I thought you'd already bought the tickets.
I thought you'd already bought tickets.
I thought you'd already done that.
I thought you'd already done that?
I thought you'd already eaten.
I thought you'd already finished that.
I thought you'd already gone home.
I thought you'd already left.
I thought you'd already made a decision.
I thought you'd already taken a nap.
I thought you'd already taken care of that.
I thought you'd already talked to Tom.
I thought you'd always wanted to see this movie.
I thought you'd appreciate what Tom did for you.
I thought you'd ask about that.
I thought you'd ask that.
I thought you'd be a lot older.
I thought you'd be a lot younger.
I thought you'd be able to do that.
I thought you'd be alone.
I thought you'd be amused by what was going on.
I thought you'd be angry.
I thought you'd be around forever.
I thought you'd be at home studying.
I thought you'd be at the bar.
I thought you'd be at today's meeting.
I thought you'd be better prepared.
I thought you'd be busy cleaning your house.
I thought you'd be busy getting ready for your trip.
I thought you'd be busy helping Tom.
I thought you'd be busy.
I thought you'd be comfortable here.
I thought you'd be dead by now.
I thought you'd be different.
I thought you'd be disappointed in me.
I thought you'd be doing that all day.
I thought you'd be doing that by yourself.
I thought you'd be doing that by yourselves.
I thought you'd be excited.
I thought you'd be finished doing that by 2:30.
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.
I thought you'd be glad to see Tom.
I thought you'd be grateful.
I thought you'd be happy about that.
I thought you'd be happy for Tom.
I thought you'd be happy once you did that.
I thought you'd be happy to hear it.
I thought you'd be happy to hear that.
I thought you'd be happy to see me.
I thought you'd be happy.
I thought you'd be hard at work.
I thought you'd be here by 2:30.
I thought you'd be here.
I thought you'd be home studying.
I thought you'd be hungry.
I thought you'd be impressed.
I thought you'd be in Australia by now.
I thought you'd be in Australia this week.
I thought you'd be in Boston by now.
I thought you'd be in Boston this week.
I thought you'd be in your room.
I thought you'd be interested in the exhibit at the museum next week.
I thought you'd be interested in this.
I thought you'd be interested to know that Tom and Mary found jobs.
I thought you'd be interested to know that Tom found a job.
I thought you'd be interested to know that Tom got accepted into Harvard.
I thought you'd be interested.
I thought you'd be kind of surprised.
I thought you'd be late.
I thought you'd be mad.
I thought you'd be more helpful.
I thought you'd be more sympathetic.
I thought you'd be much fatter.
I thought you'd be older.
I thought you'd be on time.
I thought you'd be out partying with Tom.
I thought you'd be out searching for Tom.
I thought you'd be outside on a day like this.
I thought you'd be pleased to hear that I'm pregnant.
I thought you'd be pleased.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
I thought you'd be ready by now.
I thought you'd be ready.
I thought you'd be tall.
I thought you'd be taller.
I thought you'd be the last person to do such a thing.
I thought you'd be there last night.
I thought you'd be thirsty.
I thought you'd be thrilled.
I thought you'd be through doing that by 2:30.
I thought you'd be tired.
I thought you'd be too busy to see me.
I thought you'd be too busy.
I thought you'd be willing to help me.
I thought you'd be younger.
I thought you'd been killed. I'm glad I was wrong.
I thought you'd been notified.
I thought you'd bring Tom.
I thought you'd changed.
I thought you'd come here on business.
I thought you'd come on business.
I thought you'd come today.
I thought you'd come.
I thought you'd cry.
I thought you'd decided against it.
I thought you'd do that.
I thought you'd end up going to the party with Tom.
I thought you'd end up married to Tom.
I thought you'd enjoy that.
I thought you'd enjoy the party.
I thought you'd enjoy this.
I thought you'd eventually realize Tom didn't like you.
I thought you'd fallen asleep.
I thought you'd figure it out for yourself.
I thought you'd figure it out for yourselves.
I thought you'd find it interesting.
I thought you'd find that interesting.
I thought you'd finished doing that already.
I thought you'd finished that already.
I thought you'd forgotten all about me.
I thought you'd forgotten me.
I thought you'd forgotten.
I thought you'd found someone else.
I thought you'd get lost.
I thought you'd gone and left me.
I thought you'd gone home.
I thought you'd gone to Australia.
I thought you'd gone to Boston.
I thought you'd gone to Harvard.
I thought you'd gone with Tom.
I thought you'd gone with her.
I thought you'd gone with him.
I thought you'd gone with them.
I thought you'd gone.
I thought you'd gotten lost.
I thought you'd have to help Tom.
I thought you'd jump at the chance.
I thought you'd laugh.
I thought you'd left.
I thought you'd like Tom.
I thought you'd like a piece of pie.
I thought you'd like her.
I thought you'd like him.
I thought you'd like it, too.
I thought you'd like it.
I thought you'd like me.
I thought you'd like my tie.
I thought you'd like some action.
I thought you'd like some breakfast.
I thought you'd like them.
I thought you'd like this idea.
I thought you'd like to have one of these.
I thought you'd like to know that Tom and Mary were absent from school today.
I thought you'd like to know that Tom was absent from school today.
I thought you'd like to know what happened.
I thought you'd like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I thought you'd like to see this.
I thought you'd like us.
I thought you'd love it.
I thought you'd might enjoy this book.
I thought you'd miss your train.
I thought you'd never arrive.
I thought you'd never ask that question.
I thought you'd never ask.
I thought you'd never call.
I thought you'd never come here.
I thought you'd never come.
I thought you'd never get here.
I thought you'd never visit us again.
I thought you'd probably already gone home.
I thought you'd quit drinking.
I thought you'd quit smoking.
I thought you'd reach the same conclusion as I did.
I thought you'd reached the same conclusion as I did.
I thought you'd read my CV.
I thought you'd read my résumé.
I thought you'd recognize Tom.
I thought you'd recognized Tom.
I thought you'd say that.
I thought you'd seen this movie.
I thought you'd show me how to do that.
I thought you'd sleep until noon.
I thought you'd speak French better than Tom.
I thought you'd stay a couple of weeks in Australia.
I thought you'd stay overnight in Boston.
I thought you'd stopped dating Tom.
I thought you'd tell me how to do that.
I thought you'd told Tom to do that.
I thought you'd understand.
I thought you'd want Tom to stay with you for a while.
I thought you'd want butter on your toast.
I thought you'd want it back.
I thought you'd want the work.
I thought you'd want this one.
I thought you'd want to do that.
I thought you'd want to go to Australia with Tom.
I thought you'd want to go to Boston with Tom.
I thought you'd want to go to the concert with us.
I thought you'd want to help me.
I thought you'd want to know.
I thought you'd want to meet my family.
I thought you'd want to see this movie.
I thought you'd want to see this.
I thought you'd want to take a look.
I thought you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I thought you'd wear something like that.
I thought you're trying to cut down on the fizzy drinks.
I thought you, of all people, would understand.
I thought your concert went well yesterday.
I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I thought your friend was a cop.
I thought your heart was made of stone.
I thought your house was downtown.
I thought your middle name was Tom.
I thought your parents liked me.
I thought your remark was interesting.
I thought your shift ended a couple of hours ago.
I thought your uncle lived in Nyíregyháza.
I thought you’d be happy to see me.
I thought you’d be the last person to do such a thing.
I thought you’d jump at the chance.
I thought, "Wow, what a small world!"
I thought, 'That's it, I'm fucked', but as it turned out, 'Yes, I'm fucked, but that's far from it yet'.
I thread my way through the crowds of people.
I threatened my neighbour that I'd kill him.
I threatened to leave.
I threatened to reveal his secret.
I threw Tom an apple.
I threw Tom out.
I threw Tom the apple.
I threw Tom the ball.
I threw a ball to my dog and he caught it in his mouth.
I threw a brick over the wall.
I threw a drink at him.
I threw a drink in his face.
I threw a full glass of water in his face.
I threw a party in my house.
I threw a party.
I threw a punch at him.
I threw a stone at her.
I threw a stone at him.
I threw a stone at the bird.
I threw an apple at Tom.
I threw an apple to Tom.
I threw away all the letters that Tom sent me.
I threw away almost a year of my life.
I threw away my cellphone into the river.
I threw away my letter opener, since I never use it anymore.
I threw away my old atlas.
I threw away my old pillow and bought a new one.
I threw away my shoes.
I threw away the old newspapers.
I threw down the newspaper.
I threw him a nice ball.
I threw his hat in his face.
I threw it away.
I threw it in his face, his red hot tea, and managed to burn him.
I threw it in the river.
I threw it out.
I threw my back out.
I threw my bag down somewhere in the corner and now I can't remember where.
I threw my bags on the bed.
I threw my cards on the table.
I threw my phone in the river.
I threw myself into sports.
I threw one.
I threw out my old phone because I did not want it anymore.
I threw the apple to Tom.
I threw the baby out with the bathwater.
I threw the ball to Tom.
I threw the ball.
I threw the book in the bin.
I threw the book in the fire.
I threw the box out the window.
I threw the chest back into the river.
I threw the dice.
I threw the engagement ring Tom gave me into the river.
I threw the largest pot, wheat flour, butter, milk, sugar, a bowl and mixer, two aprons, and matches into the backpack.
I threw the logs on the fire.
I threw the old newspapers away.
I threw the paper into the fire.
I threw the paper into the flames.
I threw the papers in the basket.
I threw the pebble.
I threw the pistol into the river.
I threw the rope and she caught hold of it.
I threw the shoes out the window.
I threw the strange package on the table.
I threw the trash away.
I threw them away.
I threw together this outfit at the last minute.
I threw up at three in the morning.
I threw up in the snow.
I threw up my food.
I threw up on everyone.
I threw up three times last night.
I threw up three times.
I threw up what I had for lunch.
I threw up.
I threw water on Tom.
I thrived when online school started, but I'm burned out now and can't wait until I'm back on campus.
I throw lots of things away.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
I throw myself out the window.
I throw parties.
I throw the sardine as bait.
I throw up on you.
I thrust my hand into my pocket.
I thrust my way through the crowd.
I thus require an apology from the judge and I claim my insanity declared null and void.
I tickled Nuja.
I tickled the hell out of him.
I tidied a bit.
I tidied my room up.
I tidied my room.
I tidied the room up.
I tidied the room.
I tidied up a bit.
I tidied up my room.
I tidied up the room.
I tidy my room almost every day.
I tie my shoes on my own.
I tied Tom and Mary's shoes together.
I tied Tom up.
I tied Tom's shoes for him.
I tied a stick to the plant to straighten it.
I tied everything together.
I tied for second place.
I tied my dog to a tree in the garden.
I tied my dog to a tree in the park.
I tied my dog to the tree in the yard.
I tied my shoelaces too tight.
I tied my shoelaces.
I tied the boat to the pier.
I tied their shoes together.
I tied up the dog.
I tightened my glasses a bit.
I tightened my glasses a little.
I tightened one.
I tightened the bolt with my fingers.
I tightened the bolts.
I tightened the knot.
I tightened the nut with my fingers.
I tightened the nuts.
I tightly grip her hand and close my eyes.
I till the earth.
I tilt my head. Not the pawn, but the knight?
I tilted my camera at a better angle.
I time traveled to the past, and I can't get back to the present!
I timidly opened the door.
I tip my hat to her!
I tip my hat to him!
I tipped the bellboy.
I tipped the cabbie ten bucks for getting me to the airport on time.
I tipped the waiter.
I tiptoe to the kitchen to get a glass of water, careful not to wake my sleeping family members.
I tiptoed across the room as quietly as I could.
I tiptoed down the path and stooped behind the low wall which surrounded the stunted orchard. Creeping in its shadow, I reached a point whence I could look straight through the uncurtained window.
I tiptoed quietly into the room and sat on the bed.
I tiptoed to avoid waking the baby.
I tire easily.
I tired of pretending to be someone I'm not.
I toasted the brioche bun.
I told Aksel to come to our house tonight for dinner.
I told Dad about it.
I told Fadil not to come back.
I told Father that I was going to Kabylie.
I told Jamal no.
I told Jane how to get to our school.
I told Jane to calm down.
I told Jane to calm herself.
I told Jim to restrain himself from drinking too much.
I told Mary I agreed with her.
I told Mary I could do whatever she wanted me to do.
I told Mary I couldn't do that without her help.
I told Mary I couldn't play tennis with her.
I told Mary I didn't know where she lived.
I told Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I told Mary I hated her.
I told Mary I just want to be friends.
I told Mary I loved her in French.
I told Mary I loved her.
I told Mary I thought she could do that.
I told Mary I thought she could win.
I told Mary I thought she was wasting her time.
I told Mary I wanted a divorce.
I told Mary I wanted her to come here tomorrow.
I told Mary I wanted her to do that.
I told Mary I wanted her to help me.
I told Mary I wanted her to quit.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to do that.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to drive.
I told Mary I wanted to go with her.
I told Mary I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with her.
I told Mary I wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
I told Mary I wouldn't allow her to go.
I told Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without her help.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that for her.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she did it with me.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she helped me.
I told Mary I wouldn't do what she asked me to do.
I told Mary I'd be willing to loan her some money.
I told Mary I'd do that for her.
I told Mary I'd help her clean her room.
I told Mary I'd help her.
I told Mary I'd like to talk to her.
I told Mary I'd make it up to her.
I told Mary I'd pick her up after school.
I told Mary I'd send her a letter.
I told Mary I'd spend the day with her.
I told Mary I'd take care of her.
I told Mary Tom didn't like her.
I told Mary Tom wanted to borrow her mandolin.
I told Mary a lot of things that Tom didn't want me to tell her.
I told Mary how proud I was of her.
I told Mary it was OK for her to do that.
I told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
I told Mary it was safe for her to do that.
I told Mary it wasn't possible for her to get into our club.
I told Mary it would be dangerous to do that, but she still wanted to do it.
I told Mary not to do that the way she was doing it.
I told Mary not to do that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I told Mary not to sing while she's working.
I told Mary she could be my assistant.
I told Mary she could buy anything she wanted.
I told Mary she could buy what she wanted.
I told Mary she could buy whatever she wanted.
I told Mary she didn't have time to do that.
I told Mary she didn't have to do anything she didn't want to.
I told Mary she didn't have to talk so loudly.
I told Mary she didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I told Mary she had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Mary she made a mistake.
I told Mary she needed to be here by 2:30.
I told Mary she should ask Tom to help her with her homework.
I told Mary she should buy a new car.
I told Mary she should calm down.
I told Mary she should consider taking the job Tom offered her.
I told Mary she should go.
I told Mary she should learn how to swim.
I told Mary she should leave on Monday.
I told Mary she should study French.
I told Mary she should study harder.
I told Mary she should tell Tom she didn't want to see him anymore.
I told Mary she shouldn't drink that.
I told Mary she was a coward.
I told Mary she was in trouble.
I told Mary she wouldn't like it here.
I told Mary she's crazy.
I told Mary some things about Boston that she didn't know.
I told Mary that I agreed with her.
I told Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless she lent me $30.
I told Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without her help.
I told Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I told Mary that I hadn't yet done what she'd asked me to do.
I told Mary that I just wanted to be friends.
I told Mary that I loved her in French.
I told Mary that I loved her.
I told Mary that I never wanted to see her again.
I told Mary that I never wanted to talk to her again.
I told Mary that I thought Tom was in Boston, but she said that she thought Tom was in Chicago.
I told Mary that I thought she could do that.
I told Mary that I thought she could win.
I told Mary that I thought she looked drunk.
I told Mary that I thought she might be able to do that.
I told Mary that I thought she should lose some weight.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with her.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell her why.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in going fishing with her.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with her.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in working for her.
I told Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with her.
I told Mary that I wouldn't help her.
I told Mary that I'd buy her another skateboard.
I told Mary that I'd get her a gift.
I told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I told Mary that I'd help her do that.
I told Mary that I'd help her.
I told Mary that Tom was mad at her.
I told Mary that she couldn't speak French.
I told Mary that she didn't have to do that.
I told Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I told Mary that she had to do that.
I told Mary that she needed to calm down.
I told Mary that she needed to do that.
I told Mary that she should apologize to Tom.
I told Mary that she should buy the cheaper one.
I told Mary that she should call Tom.
I told Mary that she should do that by herself.
I told Mary that she should do that.
I told Mary that she should drive to Boston.
I told Mary that she should go to the meeting.
I told Mary that she should leave Boston.
I told Mary that she should speak to you in French.
I told Mary that she should stop telling everyone that she could speak French.
I told Mary that she should study French.
I told Mary that she should try to do it by herself.
I told Mary that she should try to do that by herself.
I told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I told Mary that she shouldn't drink that water.
I told Mary that she shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Mary that she shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Mary that she's been doing that the wrong way.
I told Mary the same thing Tom told her.
I told Mary the same thing you told her.
I told Mary the whole story.
I told Mary to clean her room.
I told Mary to do that as soon as she could.
I told Mary to do that by herself.
I told Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
I told Mary to get home by herself.
I told Mary to handle it herself.
I told Mary to help Tom, but she didn't.
I told Mary to leave as soon as she could.
I told Mary to stay where she was.
I told Mary to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary to take her time.
I told Mary to wash her hands.
I told Mary what she had to do.
I told Mary who she should talk to.
I told Mary why she should study French.
I told Mary.
I told Sami that he should apologize to Layla.
I told Skura a story.
I told Skura about Ziri's death.
I told Tom I agreed with him.
I told Tom I already knew what to do.
I told Tom I already knew.
I told Tom I could do it by myself.
I told Tom I could do that by myself.
I told Tom I could do whatever he wanted me to do.
I told Tom I could handle it.
I told Tom I couldn't do it without his help.
I told Tom I couldn't do it.
I told Tom I couldn't do that without his help.
I told Tom I couldn't do that.
I told Tom I couldn't play tennis with him.
I told Tom I couldn't remember his dog's name.
I told Tom I couldn't sing.
I told Tom I couldn't speak French.
I told Tom I couldn't wait any longer.
I told Tom I couldn't win.
I told Tom I couldn't work because I was sick.
I told Tom I didn't care about his problems.
I told Tom I didn't feel like doing that.
I told Tom I didn't feel like taking a walk.
I told Tom I didn't have any enemies.
I told Tom I didn't have anything to do.
I told Tom I didn't have anything to offer him.
I told Tom I didn't have much money.
I told Tom I didn't have much time.
I told Tom I didn't have time to do that.
I told Tom I didn't have to do anything.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that again.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that anymore.
I told Tom I didn't have to do that.
I told Tom I didn't intend to do that.
I told Tom I didn't know Mary very well.
I told Tom I didn't know Mary.
I told Tom I didn't know any other way to do that.
I told Tom I didn't know anybody named Mary.
I told Tom I didn't know anyone who lived in Park Street.
I told Tom I didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
I told Tom I didn't know what I was supposed to do.
I told Tom I didn't know what to do.
I told Tom I didn't know where Mary lived.
I told Tom I didn't know where he lived.
I told Tom I didn't like speaking French.
I told Tom I didn't need his help.
I told Tom I didn't need it.
I told Tom I didn't need to do anything.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that again.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that anymore.
I told Tom I didn't need to do that.
I told Tom I didn't study French in high school.
I told Tom I didn't take French in high school.
I told Tom I didn't want his help.
I told Tom I didn't want to do that.
I told Tom I didn't want to drive.
I told Tom I didn't want to eat pizza tonight.
I told Tom I didn't want to ever see him again.
I told Tom I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I told Tom I didn't want to go.
I told Tom I didn't want to hear about his problems.
I told Tom I didn't want to sing.
I told Tom I didn't want to study French.
I told Tom I disagreed.
I told Tom I don't have time to do that.
I told Tom I don't have to do that again.
I told Tom I don't have to do that anymore.
I told Tom I don't have to do that.
I told Tom I don't know any other way to do that.
I told Tom I felt like taking a walk.
I told Tom I forgave him.
I told Tom I got fired.
I told Tom I grew up in Australia, even though I actually grew up in New Zealand.
I told Tom I had forgotten my password.
I told Tom I had nothing to offer him.
I told Tom I had plans.
I told Tom I had studied French for three years.
I told Tom I had to do that.
I told Tom I had to leave early.
I told Tom I hated Mary.
I told Tom I hated him.
I told Tom I intended to do that.
I told Tom I just want to be friends.
I told Tom I knew how to speak French.
I told Tom I knew what had happened.
I told Tom I loved him.
I told Tom I made a mistake.
I told Tom I needed his help, so he helped me.
I told Tom I needed some air.
I told Tom I needed to do that.
I told Tom I never said that.
I told Tom I thought I could do that.
I told Tom I thought I could win.
I told Tom I thought I couldn't do that.
I told Tom I thought I couldn't win.
I told Tom I thought I was going to die in prison.
I told Tom I thought I wouldn't be able to do that.
I told Tom I thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
I told Tom I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said that he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom I thought he could do that.
I told Tom I thought he could win.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting his time.
I told Tom I thought he was wasting my time.
I told Tom I thought it was a good idea.
I told Tom I thought it would be OK to do that.
I told Tom I thought it would be dangerous to do that.
I told Tom I thought it would be fun to do that.
I told Tom I thought it would be safe to do that.
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.
I told Tom I thought you were in Australia.
I told Tom I understood his concern.
I told Tom I wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
I told Tom I wanted him to come here tomorrow.
I told Tom I wanted him to do that.
I told Tom I wanted him to help me.
I told Tom I wanted him to quit.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to do that.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to drive.
I told Tom I wanted to do that.
I told Tom I wanted to go mountain climbing.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia, but I didn't tell him why.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Australia.
I told Tom I wanted to go to Boston.
I told Tom I wanted to go with him.
I told Tom I wanted to know what happened.
I told Tom I wanted to learn French.
I told Tom I wanted to teach French.
I told Tom I was Mary's cousin.
I told Tom I was OK.
I told Tom I was busy.
I told Tom I was claustrophobic.
I told Tom I was coming.
I told Tom I was fine.
I told Tom I was from Australia.
I told Tom I was from Boston.
I told Tom I was getting married.
I told Tom I was going out.
I told Tom I was going to Australia.
I told Tom I was going to Boston.
I told Tom I was going to handle it.
I told Tom I was going tonight.
I told Tom I was happy.
I told Tom I was hungry.
I told Tom I was interested.
I told Tom I was just joking.
I told Tom I was lonely.
I told Tom I was married.
I told Tom I was only joking.
I told Tom I was there.
I told Tom I was tired.
I told Tom I was way too busy to talk to him.
I told Tom I wasn't busy.
I told Tom I wasn't going anywhere.
I told Tom I wasn't going to pay for that.
I told Tom I wasn't happy with the way he was acting.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with him.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in going to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wasn't interested in helping him do anything.
I told Tom I wasn't interested.
I told Tom I wasn't ready.
I told Tom I wasn't the one who did that.
I told Tom I wasn't tired.
I told Tom I would do my best.
I told Tom I would go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I would help them.
I told Tom I would help.
I told Tom I wouldn't agree to do that.
I told Tom I wouldn't allow him to go.
I told Tom I wouldn't be able to do that without his help.
I told Tom I wouldn't be at the meeting.
I told Tom I wouldn't do it.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that again.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that for him.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that unless he did it with me.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that unless he helped me.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that.
I told Tom I wouldn't do what he asked me to do.
I told Tom I wouldn't ever do that.
I told Tom I wouldn't go shopping with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't go there.
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Australia with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom I wouldn't go to Boston with him.
I told Tom I wouldn't say anything.
I told Tom I wouldn't speak French.
I told Tom I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three weeks.
I told Tom I wouldn't tell anybody.
I told Tom I wouldn't wait any longer.
I told Tom I wouldn't win.
I told Tom I'd be coming back.
I told Tom I'd be home this evening.
I told Tom I'd be on time.
I told Tom I'd be right back.
I told Tom I'd be there as soon as possible.
I told Tom I'd be there at 2:30.
I told Tom I'd be there by 2:30.
I told Tom I'd be there.
I told Tom I'd be willing to loan him some money.
I told Tom I'd been fired.
I told Tom I'd changed my mind.
I told Tom I'd close the windows and lock up.
I told Tom I'd definitely come.
I told Tom I'd do it.
I told Tom I'd do that for him.
I told Tom I'd do that on Monday.
I told Tom I'd do that on October 20th.
I told Tom I'd do that.
I told Tom I'd do this.
I told Tom I'd finish up here.
I told Tom I'd get home on Monday.
I told Tom I'd go to Australia.
I told Tom I'd go to Boston.
I told Tom I'd have to think about it.
I told Tom I'd help Mary.
I told Tom I'd help him clean his room.
I told Tom I'd help him reinstall Windows.
I told Tom I'd help him tomorrow afternoon.
I told Tom I'd help him.
I told Tom I'd help.
I told Tom I'd invite Mary to my party.
I told Tom I'd leave.
I told Tom I'd like to talk to him.
I told Tom I'd look after his dog.
I told Tom I'd made a mistake.
I told Tom I'd make it up to him.
I told Tom I'd pick him up after school.
I told Tom I'd seen Mary with John.
I told Tom I'd seen Mary.
I told Tom I'd send him a letter.
I told Tom I'd spend the day with Mary.
I told Tom I'd spend the day with him.
I told Tom I'd stay in Australia until Monday.
I told Tom I'd stay in Boston until Monday.
I told Tom I'd stay out of trouble.
I told Tom I'd take care of him.
I told Tom I'd talk to Mary about what happened.
I told Tom I'd talk to Mary.
I told Tom I'd think about it.
I told Tom I'd try to find a bigger vase.
I told Tom I'd wait.
I told Tom I'd win.
I told Tom I'd won.
I told Tom I'm from Australia.
I told Tom I'm from Boston.
I told Tom I'm not interested.
I told Tom Mary already knew he wasn't going to be at her party.
I told Tom Mary already knew that he wasn't going to be at her party.
I told Tom Mary already knew that.
I told Tom Mary didn't have to do that.
I told Tom Mary didn't like him.
I told Tom Mary didn't need to do that.
I told Tom Mary didn't want to do that.
I told Tom Mary had to do that.
I told Tom Mary needed to do that.
I told Tom Mary wanted to borrow his mandolin.
I told Tom Mary wanted to do that.
I told Tom Mary was OK.
I told Tom Mary was busy.
I told Tom Mary was coming.
I told Tom Mary was happy.
I told Tom Mary was hungry.
I told Tom Mary was telling the truth.
I told Tom Mary would help.
I told Tom Mary wouldn't accept the gift.
I told Tom a few jokes.
I told Tom a joke, but he didn't laugh.
I told Tom a joke.
I told Tom a lot of things I shouldn't have.
I told Tom a lot of things that Mary didn't want me to tell him.
I told Tom a lot of things that weren't quite true.
I told Tom a secret.
I told Tom a story.
I told Tom about Australia.
I told Tom about Boston.
I told Tom about Mary's family.
I told Tom about Mary's problem.
I told Tom about Mary.
I told Tom about it yesterday.
I told Tom about it.
I told Tom about my dream.
I told Tom about my dreams.
I told Tom about my past.
I told Tom about my vacation.
I told Tom about myself.
I told Tom about that.
I told Tom about the nightmare I had last night.
I told Tom about the party.
I told Tom about what I did over the summer.
I told Tom about what I'd done.
I told Tom about what had happened.
I told Tom about what happened.
I told Tom about what we had done.
I told Tom about you.
I told Tom all about the accident.
I told Tom all about what happened.
I told Tom all about what we did yesterday.
I told Tom all about you.
I told Tom and Mary I agreed with them.
I told Tom and Mary I could do whatever they wanted me to do.
I told Tom and Mary I couldn't do that without their help.
I told Tom and Mary I couldn't play tennis with them.
I told Tom and Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary I hated them.
I told Tom and Mary I loved them.
I told Tom and Mary I thought they could do that.
I told Tom and Mary I thought they were wasting their time.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to come here tomorrow.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to quit.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to do that.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to drive.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted to go with them.
I told Tom and Mary I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with them.
I told Tom and Mary I wasn't interested in helping them do anything.
I told Tom and Mary I would help them.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't allow them to go.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without their help.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that for them.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they did it with me.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they helped me.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do what they asked me to do.
I told Tom and Mary I'd be willing to loan them some money.
I told Tom and Mary I'd do that for them.
I told Tom and Mary I'd help them clean their rooms.
I told Tom and Mary I'd help them.
I told Tom and Mary I'd like to talk to them.
I told Tom and Mary I'd make it up to them.
I told Tom and Mary I'd pick them up after school.
I told Tom and Mary I'd send them a letter.
I told Tom and Mary I'd spend the day with them.
I told Tom and Mary I'd take care of them.
I told Tom and Mary John wanted to borrow their mandolin.
I told Tom and Mary a lot of things that John didn't want me to tell them.
I told Tom and Mary about you.
I told Tom and Mary it was OK for them to do that.
I told Tom and Mary it was dangerous for them to do that.
I told Tom and Mary it was safe for them to do that.
I told Tom and Mary it wasn't possible for them to get into our club.
I told Tom and Mary it would be dangerous to do that, but they still wanted to do it.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that the way they were doing it.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary not to let go of the rope, but they did.
I told Tom and Mary not to sing while they're working.
I told Tom and Mary not to start panicking.
I told Tom and Mary some things about Boston that they didn't know.
I told Tom and Mary that I agreed with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless they lent me $30.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless they lent me thirty dollars.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without their help.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I hadn't yet done what they'd asked me to do.
I told Tom and Mary that I hated them.
I told Tom and Mary that I loved them.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to see them again.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to talk to them again.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought John was in Boston, but they said that they thought he was in Chicago.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they could do that.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they looked drunk.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they might be able to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they should lose some weight.
I told Tom and Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell them why.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in going fishing with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in working for them.
I told Tom and Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I wouldn't help them.
I told Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary that I'd help them.
I told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they should apologize to John.
I told Tom and Mary that they should buy the cheaper one.
I told Tom and Mary that they should do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that they should do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they should drive to Boston.
I told Tom and Mary that they should go to the meeting.
I told Tom and Mary that they should speak to you in French.
I told Tom and Mary that they should stop telling everybody that they could speak French.
I told Tom and Mary that they should stop telling everyone that they could speak French.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do it by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't drink that water.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Tom and Mary that they've been doing that the wrong way.
I told Tom and Mary the same thing you told them.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy anything they wanted.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy whatever they wanted.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have time to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do anything they didn't want to.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have to talk so loudly.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I told Tom and Mary they had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they should ask John to help them with their homework.
I told Tom and Mary they should consider taking the jobs John offered them.
I told Tom and Mary they should tell John they didn't want to see him anymore.
I told Tom and Mary they were cowards.
I told Tom and Mary they were in trouble.
I told Tom and Mary to clean their room.
I told Tom and Mary to clean their rooms.
I told Tom and Mary to do that as soon as they could.
I told Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary to get home by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary to handle it themselves.
I told Tom and Mary to stay where they were.
I told Tom and Mary to stop doing that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary to take their time.
I told Tom and Mary to wash their hands.
I told Tom and he told everyone else.
I told Tom and he told the others.
I told Tom and now I am telling you.
I told Tom essentially the same thing.
I told Tom everything I could think of.
I told Tom everything I knew about that.
I told Tom everything I know.
I told Tom everything that I knew about that.
I told Tom everything.
I told Tom exactly what I saw.
I told Tom he could be my assistant.
I told Tom he could be my partner.
I told Tom he could buy anything he wanted.
I told Tom he could buy what he wanted.
I told Tom he could buy whatever he wanted.
I told Tom he didn't have time to do that.
I told Tom he didn't have to do anything he didn't want to.
I told Tom he didn't have to do that.
I told Tom he didn't have to talk so loudly.
I told Tom he didn't need to come into the office today.
I told Tom he didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I told Tom he didn't need to do that.
I told Tom he had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Tom he had to do that.
I told Tom he made a mistake.
I told Tom he needed to be here by 2:30.
I told Tom he needed to do that.
I told Tom he needed to relax.
I told Tom he ought to do that.
I told Tom he should apologize to Mary.
I told Tom he should ask Mary out.
I told Tom he should ask Mary to help him with his homework.
I told Tom he should be more careful.
I told Tom he should be punctual.
I told Tom he should buy a new car.
I told Tom he should buy a new computer.
I told Tom he should buy a red sports car.
I told Tom he should buy that car.
I told Tom he should calm down.
I told Tom he should clean his room.
I told Tom he should come back home as soon as he could.
I told Tom he should come back home as soon as possible.
I told Tom he should consider taking the job Mary offered him.
I told Tom he should consult a lawyer.
I told Tom he should drink more milk.
I told Tom he should eat more vegetables.
I told Tom he should eat something.
I told Tom he should get more exercise.
I told Tom he should get some rest.
I told Tom he should go see a doctor.
I told Tom he should go there by bicycle.
I told Tom he should go to see a doctor.
I told Tom he should go to the dentist.
I told Tom he should go to the hospital.
I told Tom he should go to the police.
I told Tom he should go.
I told Tom he should keep his promise.
I told Tom he should learn how to swim.
I told Tom he should learn karate.
I told Tom he should leave Australia.
I told Tom he should leave early in the morning.
I told Tom he should leave early.
I told Tom he should leave on Monday.
I told Tom he should lose some weight.
I told Tom he should relax.
I told Tom he should rest.
I told Tom he should save a little money each month.
I told Tom he should save a little money each week.
I told Tom he should see the dentist.
I told Tom he should stay at home.
I told Tom he should stop drinking.
I told Tom he should stop eating so much junk food.
I told Tom he should study French.
I told Tom he should study harder.
I told Tom he should take a break.
I told Tom he should take an umbrella with him.
I told Tom he should take better care of himself.
I told Tom he should take it easy.
I told Tom he should take some time to think over his options.
I told Tom he should take the job.
I told Tom he should take the money he was being offered.
I told Tom he should talk to a lawyer.
I told Tom he should tell Mary he didn't want to see her anymore.
I told Tom he should try to do it by himself.
I told Tom he should work harder.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything Mary says.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything he read on the Web.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe everything he read.
I told Tom he shouldn't believe what Mary said.
I told Tom he shouldn't borrow too much money from Mary.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy Mary's old computer.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy a used car.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy anything from that store.
I told Tom he shouldn't buy that car.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink that water.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink that.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink too much.
I told Tom he shouldn't drive too fast.
I told Tom he shouldn't eat anything that Mary cooked.
I told Tom he shouldn't eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
I told Tom he shouldn't go out after dark by himself.
I told Tom he shouldn't go there by bicycle.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom he shouldn't go to Boston with Mary.
I told Tom he shouldn't go.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his door open.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his door unlocked.
I told Tom he shouldn't leave his windows open at night.
I told Tom he shouldn't stay out late at night.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to do that.
I told Tom he shouldn't waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
I told Tom he was a coward.
I told Tom he was in trouble.
I told Tom he was no longer allowed to be here.
I told Tom he was no longer allowed to visit Mary in the hospital.
I told Tom he was right.
I told Tom he was scaring me.
I told Tom he wasn't welcome here.
I told Tom he wouldn't like it here.
I told Tom he'd have our full support.
I told Tom he's crazy.
I told Tom his answer was wrong.
I told Tom how I did that.
I told Tom how I felt.
I told Tom how I planned to escape.
I told Tom how I was able to do that.
I told Tom how Mary had been injured.
I told Tom how Mary had learned to play the guitar so well.
I told Tom how Mary was able to do that.
I told Tom how impressed I was.
I told Tom how much I valued Mary's opinion.
I told Tom how much money I needed.
I told Tom how proud I was of him.
I told Tom how proud I was.
I told Tom how talented you were.
I told Tom how to do that.
I told Tom how to get to Mary's house.
I told Tom how to get to our house.
I told Tom how we were able to do that.
I told Tom it sounded plausible.
I told Tom it was OK for him to do that.
I told Tom it was OK for him to leave early.
I told Tom it was OK for him to leave.
I told Tom it was a bad idea.
I told Tom it was a mistake.
I told Tom it was a risk.
I told Tom it was dangerous for him to do that.
I told Tom it was dangerous.
I told Tom it was his only option.
I told Tom it was nothing against him.
I told Tom it was ridiculous.
I told Tom it was safe for him to do that.
I told Tom it was time to quit.
I told Tom it was urgent.
I told Tom it wasn't mine.
I told Tom it wasn't possible for him to get into our club.
I told Tom it would be better if he didn't get involved.
I told Tom it would be dangerous to do that, but he still wanted to do it.
I told Tom it would be dangerous to do that.
I told Tom it would be dangerous, but he still volunteered to do it.
I told Tom it would be dangerous, but he still volunteered to do that.
I told Tom it wouldn't be safe to walk home after dark.
I told Tom it'd be no use talking to you.
I told Tom my story.
I told Tom myself.
I told Tom never to do that again.
I told Tom never to lose hope.
I told Tom no.
I told Tom not to agree to do that.
I told Tom not to be afraid of Mary.
I told Tom not to be late.
I told Tom not to be so noisy.
I told Tom not to believe Mary.
I told Tom not to believe everything Mary says.
I told Tom not to believe everything he read on the Web.
I told Tom not to believe everything he read.
I told Tom not to believe what Mary said.
I told Tom not to borrow too much money from Mary.
I told Tom not to buy Mary's old computer.
I told Tom not to buy a used car.
I told Tom not to buy anything from that store.
I told Tom not to call.
I told Tom not to come back.
I told Tom not to come here.
I told Tom not to come today.
I told Tom not to come.
I told Tom not to date Mary.
I told Tom not to date my sister.
I told Tom not to do it, but he did it anyway.
I told Tom not to do it.
I told Tom not to do that the way he was doing it.
I told Tom not to do that, but he did it anyway.
I told Tom not to do that.
I told Tom not to do this.
I told Tom not to drink too much.
I told Tom not to drive my car.
I told Tom not to drive too fast.
I told Tom not to drive.
I told Tom not to eat anything that Mary cooked.
I told Tom not to eat the mushrooms he found in the woods.
I told Tom not to get involved with Mary.
I told Tom not to get involved.
I told Tom not to give up.
I told Tom not to go for a music degree.
I told Tom not to go into the cave.
I told Tom not to go near my dog.
I told Tom not to go out after dark by himself.
I told Tom not to go out after dark.
I told Tom not to go to Australia with Mary.
I told Tom not to go to Australia.
I told Tom not to go to Boston with Mary.
I told Tom not to go to Boston.
I told Tom not to go.
I told Tom not to laugh so loudly.
I told Tom not to leave his door unlocked.
I told Tom not to leave his windows open at night.
I told Tom not to leave.
I told Tom not to let go of the rope, but he did.
I told Tom not to lie.
I told Tom not to open the door, but he opened it anyway.
I told Tom not to open the door.
I told Tom not to pitch his tent so near the river.
I told Tom not to play in the road.
I told Tom not to rush.
I told Tom not to scream.
I told Tom not to shout.
I told Tom not to sing while he's working.
I told Tom not to start panicking.
I told Tom not to stay out late at night.
I told Tom not to swim too long.
I told Tom not to talk so loudly.
I told Tom not to talk to Mary.
I told Tom not to tell Mary about that.
I told Tom not to tell Mary.
I told Tom not to tell anyone that I'd won the lottery.
I told Tom not to tell anyone.
I told Tom not to tell you.
I told Tom not to throw rocks.
I told Tom not to touch me.
I told Tom not to use those.
I told Tom not to wait for more than thirty minutes.
I told Tom not to wait.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to convince Mary to do that.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to do that.
I told Tom not to waste his time trying to persuade Mary to do that.
I told Tom not to worry about that.
I told Tom not to worry.
I told Tom nothing.
I told Tom on the phone I can't help him.
I told Tom so myself.
I told Tom some jokes.
I told Tom some things about Boston that he didn't know.
I told Tom that I agreed with Mary.
I told Tom that I agreed with him.
I told Tom that I already knew what to do.
I told Tom that I can't do that.
I told Tom that I can't win.
I told Tom that I could speak French even though I really couldn't.
I told Tom that I could speak French, even though I couldn't.
I told Tom that I couldn't do that.
I told Tom that I couldn't go to his party.
I told Tom that I couldn't play tennis with him.
I told Tom that I couldn't sing.
I told Tom that I couldn't speak French.
I told Tom that I couldn't win.
I told Tom that I couldn't work because I was sick.
I told Tom that I didn't care about his problems.
I told Tom that I didn't do that.
I told Tom that I didn't feel like doing that.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything pressing to do.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything to do.
I told Tom that I didn't have anything to offer him.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough money.
I told Tom that I didn't have enough time to get everything done.
I told Tom that I didn't have permission to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't have time to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
I told Tom that I didn't have to do anything.
I told Tom that I didn't have to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to dance.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to drive.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to play the saxophone.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to speak French.
I told Tom that I didn't know the answer.
I told Tom that I didn't know what to do.
I told Tom that I didn't know where Mary lived.
I told Tom that I didn't know who Mary's ex-husband was.
I told Tom that I didn't like him.
I told Tom that I didn't need his help.
I told Tom that I didn't need to be there tomorrow.
I told Tom that I didn't need to do anything.
I told Tom that I didn't need to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't remember doing that.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed for less than $30.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless he lent me $30.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that again.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that anymore.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that by myself.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that today.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without his help.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to move the piano without his help.
I told Tom that I didn't think that you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that again.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourself.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that by yourselves.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that today.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that without my help.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to do that.
I told Tom that I didn't think you'd be able to move the bookcase without our help.
I told Tom that I didn't trust him.
I told Tom that I didn't want to ever see him again.
I told Tom that I didn't want to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I told Tom that I didn't want to hear about his problems.
I told Tom that I didn't want to see him ever again.
I told Tom that I didn't want to sing.
I told Tom that I didn't want to study French.
I told Tom that I disagreed.
I told Tom that I don't have permission to do that.
I told Tom that I don't have time to do that.
I told Tom that I don't have to do that.
I told Tom that I don't know what I need to do.
I told Tom that I grew up in Australia, even though I actually grew up in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I grew up in Boston, even though I actually grew up in Chicago.
I told Tom that I had done that.
I told Tom that I had nothing to offer to him.
I told Tom that I had plans.
I told Tom that I had to do that.
I told Tom that I hadn't yet done what he'd asked me to do.
I told Tom that I knew his sister.
I told Tom that I knew what had happened.
I told Tom that I liked Mary.
I told Tom that I loved him.
I told Tom that I needed him to show me something.
I told Tom that I needed to go home early today.
I told Tom that I never wanted to do that again.
I told Tom that I never wanted to see him again.
I told Tom that I never wanted to talk to him again.
I told Tom that I really wasn't interested.
I told Tom that I saw Mary in the lobby.
I told Tom that I thought I could do that.
I told Tom that I thought I could win.
I told Tom that I thought I had the flu.
I told Tom that I thought I might be able to do that.
I told Tom that I thought I was losing my sight.
I told Tom that I thought Mary could do that.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be able to do that.
I told Tom that I thought Mary might be interested in doing that.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Australia, but he said that he thought Mary was in New Zealand.
I told Tom that I thought Mary was in Boston, but he said that he thought Mary was in Chicago.
I told Tom that I thought he could do that.
I told Tom that I thought he could win.
I told Tom that I thought he looked drunk.
I told Tom that I thought he might be able to do that.
I told Tom that I thought he should go on a diet.
I told Tom that I thought he should lose some weight.
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.
I told Tom that I thought we might be able to do that.
I told Tom that I thought you could do that.
I told Tom that I thought you could win.
I told Tom that I thought you were in Australia.
I told Tom that I thought you were in Boston.
I told Tom that I understood how he felt.
I told Tom that I wanted to eat Chinese food.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia, but I didn't tell him why.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Australia.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston with him.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell him why.
I told Tom that I wanted to go to Boston.
I told Tom that I wanted to know what happened.
I told Tom that I wanted to leave early.
I told Tom that I wanted to live on Park Street.
I told Tom that I wanted to meet his parents.
I told Tom that I wanted to study French.
I told Tom that I wanted to teach French in Australia.
I told Tom that I was busy.
I told Tom that I was claustrophobic.
I told Tom that I was cold.
I told Tom that I was coming.
I told Tom that I was fed up with him.
I told Tom that I was from Australia.
I told Tom that I was glad to help.
I told Tom that I was going to Australia.
I told Tom that I was happy.
I told Tom that I was hungry.
I told Tom that I was in no hurry.
I told Tom that I was interested in buying one of his paintings.
I told Tom that I was only joking.
I told Tom that I was thirsty.
I told Tom that I was tired.
I told Tom that I was way too busy to talk to him.
I told Tom that I was way too busy.
I told Tom that I wasn't able to speak French.
I told Tom that I wasn't at work that day.
I told Tom that I wasn't busy.
I told Tom that I wasn't going to pay for that.
I told Tom that I wasn't hungry.
I told Tom that I wasn't in a hurry.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going fishing with him.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with him.
I told Tom that I wasn't interested in working for him.
I told Tom that I wasn't ready.
I told Tom that I wasn't the one who did that.
I told Tom that I wasn't tired.
I told Tom that I wasn't very good at cooking.
I told Tom that I will help him.
I told Tom that I would complain about him.
I told Tom that I would do my best.
I told Tom that I would do that.
I told Tom that I would go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I would go to Boston with him.
I told Tom that I would help him.
I told Tom that I would leave work earlier.
I told Tom that I would no longer tolerate his insults.
I told Tom that I would wash the dishes.
I told Tom that I wouldn't be at his party.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do something like that.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do that with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do that.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go shopping with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go there.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Australia with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go with him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't help him.
I told Tom that I wouldn't stay in Australia for more than three weeks.
I told Tom that I wouldn't stay in Boston for more than three weeks.
I told Tom that I wouldn't win.
I told Tom that I'd be late.
I told Tom that I'd be on time.
I told Tom that I'd be reluctant to do that.
I told Tom that I'd be there.
I told Tom that I'd been fired.
I told Tom that I'd buy him another skateboard.
I told Tom that I'd changed my mind.
I told Tom that I'd definitely come.
I told Tom that I'd do it.
I told Tom that I'd do that tomorrow.
I told Tom that I'd do that.
I told Tom that I'd get him a gift.
I told Tom that I'd go to Australia.
I told Tom that I'd have to think about it.
I told Tom that I'd help Mary.
I told Tom that I'd help him do that.
I told Tom that I'd help him move his piano.
I told Tom that I'd help him.
I told Tom that I'd help you.
I told Tom that I'd keep quiet about that.
I told Tom that I'd made a mistake.
I told Tom that I'd seen Mary with John.
I told Tom that I'd seen Mary.
I told Tom that I'd stay in Australia until Monday.
I told Tom that I'd think about it.
I told Tom that I'd wait.
I told Tom that I'd win.
I told Tom that I'd won.
I told Tom that I'm from Australia.
I told Tom that Mary already knew he wasn't going to be at her party.
I told Tom that Mary already knew that he wasn't going to be at her party.
I told Tom that Mary already knew that.
I told Tom that Mary could speak French.
I told Tom that Mary didn't have to do that.
I told Tom that Mary didn't need to do that.
I told Tom that Mary was busy.
I told Tom that Mary was coming.
I told Tom that Mary was happy.
I told Tom that Mary was hungry.
I told Tom that Mary was mad at him.
I told Tom that Mary was telling the truth.
I told Tom that Mary went home sick.
I told Tom that car wasn't mine.
I told Tom that everything was going to be OK.
I told Tom that getting a tattoo would be a stupid thing to do.
I told Tom that he could go in front of me.
I told Tom that he could stick that.
I told Tom that he couldn't speak French.
I told Tom that he didn't have to do that.
I told Tom that he didn't need to do that.
I told Tom that he had to do that.
I told Tom that he had to take his studies more seriously.
I told Tom that he needed to calm down.
I told Tom that he needed to do that.
I told Tom that he needed to relax.
I told Tom that he ought to do that.
I told Tom that he should agree to do that.
I told Tom that he should apologize to Mary.
I told Tom that he should ask Mary out.
I told Tom that he should buy a new computer.
I told Tom that he should buy a red sports car.
I told Tom that he should buy the cheaper one.
I told Tom that he should call Mary.
I told Tom that he should clean his room.
I told Tom that he should come.
I told Tom that he should do that by himself.
I told Tom that he should do that.
I told Tom that he should drive to Boston.
I told Tom that he should eat more vegetables.
I told Tom that he should eat something.
I told Tom that he should go see a doctor.
I told Tom that he should go to the meeting.
I told Tom that he should leave Australia.
I told Tom that he should leave Boston.
I told Tom that he should lose some weight.
I told Tom that he should relax.
I told Tom that he should rest.
I told Tom that he should see a doctor.
I told Tom that he should see the dentist.
I told Tom that he should speak to you in French.
I told Tom that he should stay at home.
I told Tom that he should stop drinking.
I told Tom that he should stop telling everybody that he could speak French.
I told Tom that he should stop telling everyone that he could speak French.
I told Tom that he should study French.
I told Tom that he should study harder.
I told Tom that he should take a break.
I told Tom that he should take it easy.
I told Tom that he should try to do it by himself.
I told Tom that he should try to do that by himself.
I told Tom that he shouldn't believe everything Mary says.
I told Tom that he shouldn't buy a used car.
I told Tom that he shouldn't cross the road without looking both ways.
I told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
I told Tom that he shouldn't drink that water.
I told Tom that he shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Tom that he shouldn't eat that.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go to Australia with Mary.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go to Australia.
I told Tom that he shouldn't leave his door unlocked.
I told Tom that he shouldn't talk with his mouth full.
I told Tom that he shouldn't tell Mary about what happened.
I told Tom that he was a fair-weather friend and he took offence.
I told Tom that he was a fool to let Mary talk to him that way.
I told Tom that he was a wanker and he hit me.
I told Tom that he was a wanker.
I told Tom that he was right.
I told Tom that he was scaring me.
I told Tom that he wasn't welcome here.
I told Tom that he wasn't welcomed there.
I told Tom that he's been doing that the wrong way.
I told Tom that his French was easy to understand.
I told Tom that if he hurt Mary, he would bear the consequences.
I told Tom that in French.
I told Tom that it was OK for him to do that.
I told Tom that it was OK for him to leave early.
I told Tom that it was OK for him to leave.
I told Tom that it was a bad idea.
I told Tom that it was a risk.
I told Tom that it was dangerous.
I told Tom that it was important to be there by 2:30.
I told Tom that it was no laughing matter.
I told Tom that it wasn't over yet.
I told Tom that it would be better if he didn't get involved.
I told Tom that it would be better to leave one of the windows open.
I told Tom that it would be dangerous.
I told Tom that it wouldn't be safe.
I told Tom that my privacy is none of his business.
I told Tom that my relationship with Mary was none of his business.
I told Tom that story.
I told Tom that that car wasn't mine.
I told Tom that the bank was closed.
I told Tom that the party wouldn't be much fun.
I told Tom that the reason I didn't want to do that was that I thought it was a stupid idea.
I told Tom that there was no hurry.
I told Tom that today's meeting was canceled.
I told Tom that was a good idea.
I told Tom that was just what we needed.
I told Tom that was ridiculous.
I told Tom that wasn't a good idea.
I told Tom that wasn't a problem.
I told Tom that wasn't true.
I told Tom that we could trust you.
I told Tom that we were going to Australia for a few days.
I told Tom that we were going to Australia for a few weeks.
I told Tom that we were going to Boston for a few days.
I told Tom that we'd be late.
I told Tom that we'd help Mary.
I told Tom that we'd probably be late.
I told Tom that we're friends.
I told Tom that what he was doing was illegal.
I told Tom that you already knew.
I told Tom that you can speak French.
I told Tom that you had come to Australia.
I told Tom that you used to live in Australia.
I told Tom that you went home sick.
I told Tom that you were busy.
I told Tom that you were coming.
I told Tom that you were happy.
I told Tom that you were hungry.
I told Tom that you were in Australia.
I told Tom that you were working.
I told Tom that you would come to Australia.
I told Tom that you'd come to Australia.
I told Tom that you'd want to know.
I told Tom that.
I told Tom the bank was closed.
I told Tom the reason I didn't want to do it was that I didn't think it was a good idea.
I told Tom the reason why I wouldn't be able to go.
I told Tom the reasons he should study French.
I told Tom the reasons that he should study French.
I told Tom the reasons why he should study French.
I told Tom the same thing Mary told him.
I told Tom the same thing you told Mary.
I told Tom the same thing you told him.
I told Tom the same thing.
I told Tom the story.
I told Tom the truth about us.
I told Tom the truth yesterday.
I told Tom the truth.
I told Tom things I shouldn't have.
I told Tom to arrive early.
I told Tom to ask Mary.
I told Tom to back off.
I told Tom to be a good boy.
I told Tom to be careful.
I told Tom to be here tomorrow morning.
I told Tom to be home by 2:30.
I told Tom to be more careful.
I told Tom to be more fabulous.
I told Tom to be punctual.
I told Tom to be quiet.
I told Tom to behave himself.
I told Tom to buy a new computer.
I told Tom to buy that car.
I told Tom to buy the cheaper one.
I told Tom to buzz off.
I told Tom to call us.
I told Tom to calm down.
I told Tom to check the oil level.
I told Tom to clean his room, but he didn't.
I told Tom to clean his room.
I told Tom to come back home as soon as he could.
I told Tom to come back home as soon as possible.
I told Tom to come early.
I told Tom to come here tomorrow at 2:30.
I told Tom to come inside.
I told Tom to come soon.
I told Tom to come to Australia.
I told Tom to come to Boston.
I told Tom to come visit us.
I told Tom to come.
I told Tom to consult a lawyer.
I told Tom to do it.
I told Tom to do that as soon as he could.
I told Tom to do that as soon as possible.
I told Tom to do that at once.
I told Tom to do that before Monday.
I told Tom to do that by himself.
I told Tom to do that immediately.
I told Tom to do that in October.
I told Tom to do that on Monday.
I told Tom to do that on October 20th.
I told Tom to do that right away.
I told Tom to do that today.
I told Tom to do that with Mary.
I told Tom to do that.
I told Tom to do this.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants to do.
I told Tom to do whatever he wants.
I told Tom to drink more milk.
I told Tom to eat a little of everything.
I told Tom to eat more vegetables.
I told Tom to finish the report as quickly as he could.
I told Tom to fire you.
I told Tom to fix it.
I told Tom to fix the door.
I told Tom to forget about me.
I told Tom to get here early.
I told Tom to get home before Monday.
I told Tom to get home by himself.
I told Tom to get it out of his head.
I told Tom to get more exercise.
I told Tom to get out of my car.
I told Tom to get out of my sight.
I told Tom to get some sleep.
I told Tom to get there early.
I told Tom to give me a call.
I told Tom to give up on that crazy idea.
I told Tom to go ahead.
I told Tom to go away.
I told Tom to go home.
I told Tom to go see a doctor.
I told Tom to go there by bicycle.
I told Tom to go there.
I told Tom to go to his room.
I told Tom to go to the dentist.
I told Tom to go to the hospital.
I told Tom to go to the police.
I told Tom to go to the safest place I could think of.
I told Tom to go.
I told Tom to google it.
I told Tom to handle it himself.
I told Tom to help Mary, but he didn't.
I told Tom to help Mary.
I told Tom to hurry up.
I told Tom to hurry.
I told Tom to ignore it.
I told Tom to just relax.
I told Tom to keep fighting.
I told Tom to keep his promise.
I told Tom to keep working.
I told Tom to label all the boxes.
I told Tom to learn karate.
I told Tom to leave as soon as he could.
I told Tom to leave as soon as possible.
I told Tom to leave at once.
I told Tom to leave before Monday.
I told Tom to leave early in the morning.
I told Tom to leave early today.
I told Tom to leave early.
I told Tom to leave it alone.
I told Tom to leave me alone.
I told Tom to leave right away.
I told Tom to leave you alone.
I told Tom to leave.
I told Tom to lie.
I told Tom to lose some weight.
I told Tom to make himself comfortable.
I told Tom to make himself useful.
I told Tom to make his move.
I told Tom to make the deal.
I told Tom to meet me here.
I told Tom to mind his own business.
I told Tom to never see my sister again.
I told Tom to not leave his door opened.
I told Tom to not to move.
I told Tom to pick up a case of beer on his way back.
I told Tom to put the eggs in the refrigerator.
I told Tom to quit bothering me.
I told Tom to quit doing that.
I told Tom to relax and take it easy.
I told Tom to relax.
I told Tom to rest.
I told Tom to run.
I told Tom to save a little money each month.
I told Tom to save a piece of cake for me.
I told Tom to save his energy.
I told Tom to see a doctor.
I told Tom to see the dentist.
I told Tom to sit down and drink a glass of water.
I told Tom to smile.
I told Tom to speak French.
I told Tom to speak to you in French.
I told Tom to stay at home.
I told Tom to stay away from Mary.
I told Tom to stay away from my dog.
I told Tom to stay away from us.
I told Tom to stay calm.
I told Tom to stay here.
I told Tom to stay in Boston for a few more weeks.
I told Tom to stay in his room.
I told Tom to stay indoors.
I told Tom to stay out of that.
I told Tom to stay still.
I told Tom to stay where he was.
I told Tom to stay with it.
I told Tom to stay.
I told Tom to stop crying.
I told Tom to stop doing that, but he did it anyway.
I told Tom to stop doing that.
I told Tom to stop drinking.
I told Tom to stop eating so much junk food.
I told Tom to stop following me.
I told Tom to stop.
I told Tom to study French.
I told Tom to study harder.
I told Tom to study more.
I told Tom to study.
I told Tom to swim a little every day for exercise.
I told Tom to take a break.
I told Tom to take better care of himself.
I told Tom to take his time.
I told Tom to take it easy.
I told Tom to take my umbrella with him.
I told Tom to take off his shoes.
I told Tom to take out the garbage.
I told Tom to take some time to think over his options.
I told Tom to take the job.
I told Tom to take the money he was being offered.
I told Tom to talk to a lawyer.
I told Tom to tell me the truth.
I told Tom to tell the truth.
I told Tom to tell you that.
I told Tom to tone down his gayness.
I told Tom to try doing that.
I told Tom to try it.
I told Tom to visit Australia.
I told Tom to visit Boston.
I told Tom to wait downstairs.
I told Tom to wait for me in the lobby.
I told Tom to wait for me.
I told Tom to wait for my instructions.
I told Tom to wait in the car.
I told Tom to wait over there.
I told Tom to wait.
I told Tom to wash his hands.
I told Tom to wear a hat.
I told Tom to wear a tie.
I told Tom to wear sunblock.
I told Tom to work harder.
I told Tom we are friends.
I told Tom we aren't going to do that.
I told Tom we could do it today.
I told Tom we could do that today.
I told Tom we couldn't see each other again.
I told Tom we didn't have time to do that.
I told Tom we should have contacted you before coming.
I told Tom we should've contacted you before coming.
I told Tom we were friends.
I told Tom we were going to Australia for a few days.
I told Tom we were going to Boston for a few days.
I told Tom we would help him.
I told Tom we'd be in Boston by 2:30 on Monday.
I told Tom we'd be late.
I told Tom we'd help Mary.
I told Tom we're friends.
I told Tom we're going to do that.
I told Tom we're not going to do that.
I told Tom what I expected him to do.
I told Tom what I had done.
I told Tom what I had to do.
I told Tom what I knew.
I told Tom what I know.
I told Tom what I like.
I told Tom what I needed to buy.
I told Tom what I needed to do.
I told Tom what I saw.
I told Tom what I should do.
I told Tom what I think.
I told Tom what I thought of him and it wasn't anything favourable.
I told Tom what I thought of him.
I told Tom what I thought of his idea.
I told Tom what I thought.
I told Tom what I want to do.
I told Tom what I wanted to buy.
I told Tom what I wanted to do.
I told Tom what I wanted to eat.
I told Tom what I was doing in his room.
I told Tom what I was planning to do.
I told Tom what I'd done.
I told Tom what Mary did.
I told Tom what Mary had said about him.
I told Tom what Mary had to do.
I told Tom what Mary is like.
I told Tom what Mary needed to do.
I told Tom what Mary said.
I told Tom what Mary should do.
I told Tom what Mary should wear to the party.
I told Tom what Mary thought of him.
I told Tom what Mary told me.
I told Tom what Mary wanted to do.
I told Tom what had to be done.
I told Tom what happened.
I told Tom what he had to do.
I told Tom what he needed to do.
I told Tom what he should do, but he didn't do it.
I told Tom what he should do.
I told Tom what he should wear to the party.
I told Tom what needed to be done.
I told Tom what questions to ask.
I told Tom what should be done.
I told Tom what the plan was.
I told Tom what the problem was.
I told Tom what time to come.
I told Tom what to do with it.
I told Tom what to do.
I told Tom what was going on.
I told Tom what was happening.
I told Tom what you did.
I told Tom what you want to do.
I told Tom where I lived.
I told Tom where I used to work.
I told Tom where I wanted to go.
I told Tom where I was born.
I told Tom where I'd been.
I told Tom where I'd bought my bicycle.
I told Tom where I'd bought my hat.
I told Tom where I'd bought my umbrella.
I told Tom where I'd gone.
I told Tom where I'd learned how to do that.
I told Tom where I'd spent the summer.
I told Tom where I'd studied French.
I told Tom where Mary lived.
I told Tom where Mary was born.
I told Tom where Mary was.
I told Tom where he could park his car.
I told Tom where he should park his car.
I told Tom where he should put his suitcases.
I told Tom where to put his suitcase.
I told Tom where to put it.
I told Tom where to put your suitcase.
I told Tom where we had gone.
I told Tom where we were going.
I told Tom where we'd be.
I told Tom where we'd gone.
I told Tom which one I like.
I told Tom which one I liked.
I told Tom who I really am.
I told Tom who I thought was going to win the race.
I told Tom who I thought would be the next president.
I told Tom who I thought would like to go to Boston with him.
I told Tom who I wanted to get married to.
I told Tom who I'd talked to.
I told Tom who Mary had been married to.
I told Tom who Mary studied French with.
I told Tom who Mary thought was the best-looking guy in the class.
I told Tom who Mary wanted to do that.
I told Tom who Mary was dating.
I told Tom who Mary went swimming with.
I told Tom who Mary went to Australia with.
I told Tom who Mary went to Boston with.
I told Tom who Mary's father is.
I told Tom who had stolen his bicycle.
I told Tom who he should talk to.
I told Tom who to give that to.
I told Tom why I decided to study French.
I told Tom why I did that.
I told Tom why I didn't have to do that.
I told Tom why I didn't like him.
I told Tom why I didn't want to do that.
I told Tom why I had to do that.
I told Tom why I had to go to the hospital.
I told Tom why I needed to do that.
I told Tom why I should do that.
I told Tom why I wanted to do that.
I told Tom why I wanted to study French.
I told Tom why I wasn't there.
I told Tom why I went to Australia.
I told Tom why I went to Boston.
I told Tom why I'd been in the hospital.
I told Tom why I'd left early.
I told Tom why I'd never graduated from high school.
I told Tom why Mary didn't like him.
I told Tom why Mary didn't want to do that.
I told Tom why Mary had never graduated from high school.
I told Tom why Mary had to do that.
I told Tom why Mary left early.
I told Tom why Mary needed to do that.
I told Tom why Mary ought to do that.
I told Tom why Mary should do that.
I told Tom why Mary wanted to do that.
I told Tom why Mary was in the hospital.
I told Tom why Mary was planning to do that.
I told Tom why Mary wasn't here.
I told Tom why Mary went to Australia.
I told Tom why Mary went to Boston.
I told Tom why he had to do that.
I told Tom why he needed to do that.
I told Tom why he should do that.
I told Tom why he should study French.
I told Tom why we had to do that.
I told Tom why we had to help Mary.
I told Tom why.
I told Tom you already knew Mary.
I told Tom you already knew about it.
I told Tom you already knew what to do.
I told Tom you already knew.
I told Tom you could speak French.
I told Tom you didn't have a wife.
I told Tom you didn't know how to speak French.
I told Tom you had come to Australia.
I told Tom you used to live in Australia.
I told Tom you used to live in Boston.
I told Tom you went home sick.
I told Tom you were a good plumber.
I told Tom you were busy.
I told Tom you were cold. He said he'd turn up the heat.
I told Tom you were coming.
I told Tom you were happy.
I told Tom you were hungry.
I told Tom you were in Australia.
I told Tom you were in Boston.
I told Tom you were working.
I told Tom you weren't going to be there tomorrow.
I told Tom you would come to Australia.
I told Tom you would probably like to see that movie.
I told Tom you wouldn't do that.
I told Tom you wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I told Tom you wouldn't want to do that.
I told Tom you wouldn't win.
I told Tom you'd agree to do that.
I told Tom you'd be able to do that.
I told Tom you'd be late.
I told Tom you'd come to Australia.
I told Tom you'd come to Boston.
I told Tom you'd do it.
I told Tom you'd do that.
I told Tom you'd enjoy doing that.
I told Tom you'd flip out.
I told Tom you'd hate doing that.
I told Tom you'd leave on Monday.
I told Tom you'd leave on October 20th.
I told Tom you'd like doing that.
I told Tom you'd love doing that.
I told Tom you'd probably enjoy doing that.
I told Tom you'd wait.
I told Tom you'd want to do that.
I told Tom you'd win.
I told Tom, and now I'm telling you.
I told Tom, but I didn't tell Mary.
I told Tom.
I told William, but he didn't believe me.
I told William, but he didn’t believe me.
I told Yaroslav that I took the train southwards from Cairo to Aswan, Egypt.
I told a bedtime story to my daughter.
I told a joke.
I told a lie against my will.
I told a story to the child.
I told about an outing.
I told an amusing story to the children.
I told everybody I wanted to learn French.
I told everybody about what happened.
I told everybody that I wanted to learn French.
I told everyone I wanted to learn French.
I told everyone that I wanted to learn French.
I told everyone that Tom would be here by 2:30.
I told everyone to be careful.
I told everyone to duck.
I told everything.
I told her "I love you" in Berber.
I told her "good night".
I told her I agreed with her.
I told her I could handle it.
I told her I couldn't do it.
I told her I didn't want to go.
I told her I got fired.
I told her I had plans.
I told her I hated her.
I told her I loved her.
I told her I made a mistake.
I told her I needed some air.
I told her I wanted to go to Boston.
I told her I was OK.
I told her I was busy.
I told her I was coming.
I told her I was fine.
I told her I was going out.
I told her I was interested.
I told her I was just joking.
I told her I was married.
I told her I was there.
I told her I wasn't interested.
I told her I would help.
I told her I would join her later.
I told her I wouldn't do it.
I told her I'd be right back.
I told her I'd changed my mind.
I told her I'd finish up here.
I told her I'd help her.
I told her I'd help.
I told her I'd keep it secret, so I've kept that to myself.
I told her I'd think about it.
I told her I'm not interested.
I told her I’d keep it secret, so I’ve kept that to myself.
I told her a few jokes.
I told her about it yesterday.
I told her about my inner conflict.
I told her about that.
I told her about you.
I told her all about the accident.
I told her all about you.
I told her everything in Berber.
I told her everything.
I told her exactly what I saw.
I told her he was my boyfriend.
I told her how to use the phone.
I told her in a message that I loved her.
I told her it was a bad idea.
I told her it was a mistake.
I told her it was dangerous.
I told her it was time to quit.
I told her it was urgent.
I told her it wasn't mine.
I told her it'd be better if she went alone.
I told her myself.
I told her no.
I told her not to be late.
I told her not to come back.
I told her not to come here.
I told her not to come today.
I told her not to come.
I told her not to do that.
I told her not to do this.
I told her not to drive my car.
I told her not to give up.
I told her not to go.
I told her not to leave.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I told her not to let the rope go, but that's what she did.
I told her not to tell anyone.
I told her not to tell you.
I told her not to use those.
I told her nothing.
I told her once and for all that I would not go shopping with her.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
I told her she looked pale, and asked if she was all right.
I told her she should work harder if she doesn't want to fail.
I told her straight.
I told her that I didn't understand her at all.
I told her that I liked her too.
I told her that I loved her.
I told her that I wasn't busy.
I told her that I wasn't ready.
I told her that I wasn't tired.
I told her that I'd help her.
I told her that I'd help you.
I told her that if I could be of any use I would be glad to help.
I told her that in Berber.
I told her that she was right.
I told her that was ridiculous.
I told her that wasn't a problem.
I told her that we couldn't afford such a luxury.
I told her that we didn't need to go shopping.
I told her that you're a friendly girl.
I told her that you're a nice girl.
I told her that you’re a nice girl.
I told her that.
I told her the bank was closed.
I told her the story.
I told her the truth.
I told her the truth. I just added a few embellishments.
I told her the whole story.
I told her to be careful.
I told her to be home by nine.
I told her to calm down.
I told her to clean her room.
I told her to come early.
I told her to come visit us.
I told her to come.
I told her to do it.
I told her to do that work at once.
I told her to do that.
I told her to give me a call.
I told her to give up on that crazy thought.
I told her to go home.
I told her to go.
I told her to leave me alone.
I told her to leave the room.
I told her to leave.
I told her to make the deal.
I told her to meet me here.
I told her to quickly finish the report.
I told her to send me another ticket.
I told her to shut the fuck up.
I told her to sit down and drink a glass of water.
I told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water.
I told her to stay away from Tom.
I told her to stay here.
I told her to stay in her room.
I told her to stay indoors.
I told her to stop, but she did it anyway.
I told her to stop.
I told her to study.
I told her to tell me the truth, but she shook her head.
I told her to tell you that.
I told her to wait for me.
I told her to wait in the car.
I told her to wait over there.
I told her to wear a hat.
I told her to wear a tie.
I told her to wear sunblock.
I told her we were friends.
I told her we would help her.
I told her we'd be late.
I told her what I did.
I told her what I know.
I told her what I saw.
I told her what I think.
I told her what happened.
I told her what he was doing in her room.
I told her what she wanted to hear.
I told her what should be done.
I told her what the plan was.
I told her what time to come.
I told her what to do.
I told her what was going on.
I told her what you did.
I told her where I live.
I told her where we'd gone.
I told her which one I like.
I told her yesterday.
I told her you already knew.
I told her you went home sick.
I told her you were busy.
I told her you were coming.
I told her you were happy.
I told her you were hungry.
I told her, but she didn't listen.
I told her, jokingly, that she was my favorite daughter-in-law.
I told her.
I told her: "I love you."
I told him "good night".
I told him I agreed with him.
I told him I became Muslim.
I told him I could handle it.
I told him I couldn't do it.
I told him I didn't want to go.
I told him I got fired.
I told him I had no problem with that.
I told him I had plans.
I told him I hated him.
I told him I made a mistake.
I told him I needed some air.
I told him I wanted to go to Boston.
I told him I was OK.
I told him I was busy.
I told him I was coming.
I told him I was fine.
I told him I was going out.
I told him I was interested.
I told him I was just joking.
I told him I was married.
I told him I was there.
I told him I wasn't a virgin and he broke up with me.
I told him I wasn't interested.
I told him I would help.
I told him I wouldn't do it.
I told him I'd be right back.
I told him I'd changed my mind.
I told him I'd finish up here.
I told him I'd help him.
I told him I'd help.
I told him I'd think about it.
I told him I'm not interested.
I told him a few jokes.
I told him a story.
I told him about all of my hobbies.
I told him about it yesterday.
I told him about my bowels problems.
I told him about my dreams.
I told him about my ideas but he dismissed them out of hand.
I told him about our school.
I told him about that.
I told him about you.
I told him all about the accident.
I told him all about you.
I told him but he didn't understand.
I told him everything.
I told him exactly what I saw.
I told him exactly what he wanted to hear.
I told him flat out that I don't like him as a person.
I told him good night.
I told him he is crazy.
I told him he should come.
I told him he should leave it alone, but he did it anyway.
I told him his services were no longer required.
I told him how proud I was of him.
I told him if he was late again I wouldn't meet him any more.
I told him if he was late again I wouldn't see him any more.
I told him it was a bad idea.
I told him it was a mistake.
I told him it was dangerous.
I told him it was just a silly mistake.
I told him it was time to quit.
I told him it was urgent.
I told him it wasn't mine.
I told him my secrets.
I told him my true intentions.
I told him myself.
I told him never to approach my son again.
I told him no.
I told him not to be late again.
I told him not to be late.
I told him not to beat the dog.
I told him not to come back.
I told him not to come here.
I told him not to come today.
I told him not to come.
I told him not to do that.
I told him not to do this.
I told him not to drive my car.
I told him not to give up.
I told him not to go to the place alone.
I told him not to leave.
I told him not to release the rope, but he let it go.
I told him not to tell anyone.
I told him not to tell you.
I told him not to throw stones.
I told him not to use those.
I told him not to wait for you anymore.
I told him nothing.
I told him of our plans, but he seemed uninterested.
I told him she was my girlfriend.
I told him that I could not accompany him in this trip.
I told him that I didn't trust him.
I told him that I don't smoke.
I told him that I get up at seven every morning.
I told him that I had seen her a week before.
I told him that I liked him too.
I told him that I loved him.
I told him that I wanted to move to Kabylie in April.
I told him that I wasn't busy.
I told him that I wasn't ready.
I told him that I wasn't tired.
I told him that I would do my best.
I told him that I would marry him.
I told him that I'd help him.
I told him that I'd help you.
I told him that Tom isn't here.
I told him that he was wrong.
I told him that in Berber.
I told him that it was over.
I told him that those ten thousand oaks would look grand in thirty years.
I told him that was ridiculous.
I told him that.
I told him the bank was closed.
I told him the big news.
I told him the truth.
I told him to be careful.
I told him to be quiet.
I told him to clean his room.
I told him to clear out of the room.
I told him to come early.
I told him to come the following day.
I told him to come to my house.
I told him to come visit us.
I told him to come.
I told him to do it.
I told him to do that.
I told him to give me a call.
I told him to go ahead; I would help him with his project.
I told him to go home.
I told him to go pound sand.
I told him to go.
I told him to keep his promise.
I told him to leave me alone.
I told him to leave the room.
I told him to leave.
I told him to make the deal.
I told him to meet me here.
I told him to see a psychologist.
I told him to send me one more ticket.
I told him to stay here.
I told him to stay in his room.
I told him to stay indoors.
I told him to stay.
I told him to stop provoking me.
I told him to stop speaking, but he goes on.
I told him to stop, but he did it anyway.
I told him to stop, but he kept doing it.
I told him to stop.
I told him to study.
I told him to tell you that.
I told him to use his left hand.
I told him to wait for me.
I told him to wait here.
I told him to wait in the car.
I told him to wait over there.
I told him to wear a hat.
I told him to wear a tie.
I told him to wear sunblock.
I told him to work hard and he would succeed.
I told him to work hard or he would fail.
I told him we were friends.
I told him we would help him.
I told him we'd be late.
I told him what I did.
I told him what I had told you.
I told him what I know.
I told him what I saw.
I told him what I think.
I told him what I thought of him.
I told him what had happened.
I told him what happened.
I told him what he wanted to hear.
I told him what the plan was.
I told him what the problem was.
I told him what time to come.
I told him what to do, but he wouldn't listen.
I told him what to do, but he wouldn’t listen.
I told him what to do.
I told him what to see in Kyoto.
I told him what was going on.
I told him what was wrong with my life.
I told him what you did.
I told him where I live.
I told him where to shove it.
I told him where we'd gone.
I told him which one I like.
I told him yesterday.
I told him you already knew.
I told him you went home sick.
I told him you were busy.
I told him you were coming.
I told him you were happy.
I told him you were hungry.
I told him you were in the cafe.
I told him you wouldn't come.
I told him, but he didn't listen.
I told him, but he didn't pay attention.
I told him, once and for all, that I would not marry him.
I told him, once for all, that I would not marry him.
I told him.
I told it to my friends.
I told it to my mother first and foremost.
I told my Berber teacher about that.
I told my baby that she was very wonderful.
I told my best friend.
I told my boss over the phone that I would be going straight home without returning to the company.
I told my children that they should help each other.
I told my children they should help each other.
I told my children to help each other.
I told my daughter not to talk to boys.
I told my daughter that Tom wasn't right for her.
I told my ex all of my secrets. Unfortunately, she had a flexible moral compass.
I told my kids about Tom.
I told my kids what Tom had done.
I told my mom I was gay and it didn't faze her at all.
I told my mom everything.
I told my mum everything.
I told my parents everything.
I told my parents goodnight and went to bed.
I told my parents how much I hated the teacher.
I told my parents of that awesome teacher that we had.
I told my secretary I was not to be disturbed.
I told my secretary to cancel all my appointments.
I told my son in Canada to write me more letters.
I told my son that he couldn't eat sweets all the time.
I told my son to fix the door.
I told my wife Tom is good at mathematics.
I told my wife Tom is good at maths.
I told my wife to get ready in a hurry.
I told my wife: Liliane, pack up the bags, we're going back to Paris.
I told my wife: Liliane, pack up the bags, we’re going back to Paris.
I told myself I could do it.
I told myself I was in love with you.
I told myself I wouldn't do this again.
I told myself I'd never be able to do that.
I told myself that I'd never be able to do that.
I told myself that that was a good idea.
I told myself that was a good idea.
I told myself there was a rational explanation for everything that was happening.
I told myself to stay positive.
I told neither Tom nor Mary.
I told security to give her the boot.
I told some jokes.
I told the 911 operator that I needed help.
I told the children to be quiet, but they just kept on being noisy.
I told the children to be quiet.
I told the cops the same thing.
I told the doctor that I don't want to know anything else about him.
I told the dog to stay.
I told the joke in Berber.
I told the librarian that I needed the book for a report due on Friday; so she said she would call it in.
I told the man behind the counter my name.
I told the news to Tom, not to Mary.
I told the news to everyone I met.
I told the police about all those incidents.
I told the police all I know.
I told the police everything I knew.
I told the police everything I know.
I told the police everything.
I told the police that Tom and Mary were with me at that time.
I told the police that Tom had tried to kill me.
I told the police that Tom was with me at that time.
I told the police what I saw.
I told the policeman everything I knew.
I told the policeman what I knew.
I told the story that my mom told me to my daughter.
I told the story that my mom used to tell me to my daughter.
I told the story to anyone who would listen.
I told the team I wanted to quit.
I told the truth.
I told the witch doctor I was in love with you.
I told them I agreed with them.
I told them I already knew.
I told them I changed my opinion.
I told them I could handle it.
I told them I couldn't do it.
I told them I couldn't work because I was sick.
I told them I didn't want to go.
I told them I got fired.
I told them I had plans.
I told them I hated them.
I told them I like trains.
I told them I made a mistake.
I told them I was Canadian.
I told them I was OK.
I told them I was busy.
I told them I was coming.
I told them I was fine.
I told them I was happy.
I told them I was hungry.
I told them I was just joking.
I told them I was married.
I told them I wasn't interested.
I told them I would help them.
I told them I would help.
I told them I wouldn't do it.
I told them I'd be right back.
I told them I'd changed my mind.
I told them I'd help.
I told them I'd think about it.
I told them I'm not interested.
I told them a few jokes.
I told them about it yesterday.
I told them about that yesterday.
I told them about that.
I told them about you.
I told them again to turn down the radio.
I told them all about you.
I told them everything.
I told them exactly what I saw.
I told them it was a bad idea.
I told them it was a mistake.
I told them it was urgent.
I told them it wasn't mine.
I told them it wouldn't be that hard to find someone to replace Tom.
I told them my name was Tom.
I told them myself.
I told them no.
I told them not to come back.
I told them not to come here.
I told them not to come today.
I told them not to come.
I told them not to do it by themselves.
I told them not to do that.
I told them not to do this.
I told them not to drive my car.
I told them not to give up.
I told them not to go by plane.
I told them not to tell anyone.
I told them not to tell you.
I told them not to use those.
I told them nothing.
I told them that I couldn't work because I was sick.
I told them that I couldn't work because I'm sick.
I told them that I didn't want either.
I told them that I don't care about what people think of me.
I told them that I like trains.
I told them that I was American and that I was born in Pennsylvania.
I told them that I wasn't busy.
I told them that I wasn't ready.
I told them that I wasn't tired.
I told them that I wouldn't go there.
I told them that I'd help them.
I told them that I'd help you.
I told them that they could do whatever they wanted to do.
I told them that was ridiculous.
I told them that.
I told them the bank was closed.
I told them the same thing.
I told them the story of the three little pigs.
I told them the truth.
I told them they could do whatever they wanted.
I told them they didn't have to do anything.
I told them they shouldn't move.
I told them they were awful.
I told them they'd be miserable, too, if they got what they wanted.
I told them to be careful.
I told them to clean their rooms.
I told them to come early.
I told them to contact us if they needed help.
I told them to do it without my help.
I told them to do it.
I told them to do that.
I told them to go home.
I told them to go.
I told them to leave me alone.
I told them to leave.
I told them to make the deal.
I told them to meet me here.
I told them to send me another ticket.
I told them to stay here.
I told them to stay in his room.
I told them to stay in their room.
I told them to stay indoors.
I told them to stop.
I told them to study harder.
I told them to study more.
I told them to stuff it.
I told them to tell you that.
I told them to use parentheses, not brackets.
I told them to wait for me.
I told them to wait in the car.
I told them to wait over there.
I told them to wear hats.
I told them to wear sunblock.
I told them to wear ties.
I told them we were friends.
I told them we would help them.
I told them we'd be late.
I told them what I know.
I told them what I like.
I told them what I saw.
I told them what I think.
I told them what I thought of their plan.
I told them what happened.
I told them what the plan was.
I told them what time to come.
I told them what was going on.
I told them when I saw them. I also told him.
I told them where we'd gone.
I told them which one I like.
I told them yes.
I told them yesterday.
I told them you already knew.
I told them you went home sick.
I told them you were busy.
I told them you were coming.
I told them you were happy.
I told them you were hungry.
I told them you're a good person.
I told this secret to you alone.
I told to myself that it was perfectly normal for him to be homesick.
I told y'all where I live.
I told you I already have a girlfriend.
I told you I can't help you.
I told you I can't make it.
I told you I could do it.
I told you I could do that.
I told you I could find you.
I told you I could handle it.
I told you I could help you.
I told you I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
I told you I couldn't do it.
I told you I didn't do it.
I told you I didn't know how to do that.
I told you I didn't know.
I told you I didn't like the way Tom looked.
I told you I didn't see anything.
I told you I didn't want any coffee.
I told you I didn't want any of this.
I told you I didn't want this.
I told you I didn't want to do this.
I told you I didn't want to go to Australia.
I told you I didn't want to go to Boston.
I told you I didn't want to go.
I told you I don't know Tom.
I told you I don't know anything.
I told you I don't know how to do that.
I told you I don't know if Tom will tell the truth or not.
I told you I don't know if Tom will tell the truth.
I told you I don't know what to do.
I told you I don't know whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I told you I don't know.
I told you I don't need it!
I told you I don't speak Berber. Why are you still trying to talk to me in Berber?
I told you I don't want it.
I told you I don't want to go to Algiers.
I told you I don't want to see you anymore.
I told you I don't want your help.
I told you I got fired.
I told you I grew up in Kabylie and I'm a JSK fan.
I told you I had plans.
I told you I hate that shirt.
I told you I hated that shirt.
I told you I have a girlfriend.
I told you I have plans.
I told you I locked the door.
I told you I loved you.
I told you I made a mistake.
I told you I need a few more days.
I told you I needed some air.
I told you I wanted to buy it.
I told you I wanted to go with you.
I told you I wanted to help.
I told you I was OK.
I told you I was against it.
I told you I was busy.
I told you I was coming.
I told you I was doing that.
I told you I was fine.
I told you I was going out.
I told you I was going to do it.
I told you I was going to do that.
I told you I was just joking.
I told you I was married.
I told you I was telling the truth.
I told you I was there.
I told you I wasn't going to call Tom.
I told you I wasn't going to call you.
I told you I wasn't interested in a refund.
I told you I wasn't interested.
I told you I would do it.
I told you I would help.
I told you I wouldn't do it.
I told you I wouldn't do that again.
I told you I wouldn't do that anymore.
I told you I'd be back.
I told you I'd be here by 2:30, remember?
I told you I'd be quick and I wasn't lying.
I told you I'd be right back.
I told you I'd changed my mind.
I told you I'd do that.
I told you I'd finish up here.
I told you I'd help you.
I told you I'd help.
I told you I'd protect you.
I told you I'd take care of Tom.
I told you I'd take care of you.
I told you I'd think about it.
I told you I'd think of something.
I told you I'd wait.
I told you I'm fine.
I told you I'm not a native French speaker.
I told you I'm not busy.
I told you I'm not drunk.
I told you I'm not going.
I told you I'm not hungry.
I told you I'm not interested.
I told you I'm not ready.
I told you I'm the best.
I told you Mary wouldn't come.
I told you Tom and Mary aren't my friends.
I told you Tom and Mary were busy.
I told you Tom and Mary were crazy.
I told you Tom and Mary were dangerous.
I told you Tom and Mary were fast.
I told you Tom and Mary were hungry.
I told you Tom and Mary were ready.
I told you Tom and Mary were really annoying.
I told you Tom and Mary were smart.
I told you Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't busy.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be happy about this.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to want to go.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
I told you Tom could do that.
I told you Tom could win.
I told you Tom couldn't do that.
I told you Tom couldn't win.
I told you Tom didn't do it.
I told you Tom didn't do that.
I told you Tom didn't win.
I told you Tom had been on duty too long.
I told you Tom isn't my friend.
I told you Tom looked like John.
I told you Tom shouldn't be trusted.
I told you Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I told you Tom wanted to go to Boston.
I told you Tom was a fascist.
I told you Tom was a loser.
I told you Tom was a smart guy.
I told you Tom was busy.
I told you Tom was crazy.
I told you Tom was dangerous.
I told you Tom was fast.
I told you Tom was hungry.
I told you Tom was ready.
I told you Tom was really annoying.
I told you Tom was smart.
I told you Tom was telling the truth.
I told you Tom wasn't busy.
I told you Tom wasn't going to be happy about this.
I told you Tom wasn't going to want to go.
I told you Tom wasn't hungry.
I told you Tom wasn't such a bad guy.
I told you Tom would agree to do that.
I told you Tom would be back.
I told you Tom would be here.
I told you Tom would be late.
I told you Tom would call.
I told you Tom would come.
I told you Tom would do that.
I told you Tom would give me something for my birthday.
I told you Tom would help us out.
I told you Tom would love it.
I told you Tom would understand.
I told you Tom would win.
I told you Tom wouldn't come.
I told you Tom wouldn't do that.
I told you Tom wouldn't help.
I told you Tom wouldn't let us down.
I told you Tom wouldn't understand.
I told you Tom wouldn't want to go.
I told you Yuri is amazing.
I told you Ziri was doing drugs.
I told you a million times not to fart in bed.
I told you a million times not to fart in the car.
I told you a story.
I told you about it yesterday.
I told you about that.
I told you about this already.
I told you about this last week.
I told you again and again.
I told you all this before.
I told you before not to do that.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
I told you before that I’m not interested in hanging out with you.
I told you before that you should ask your mother first.
I told you before that's impossible.
I told you before!
I told you everything I had to tell you.
I told you everything I knew last night.
I told you everything I knew.
I told you everything I remember.
I told you everything.
I told you exactly what I saw.
I told you guys it wouldn't work.
I told you guys to go home. Why are you still here?
I told you guys where I live.
I told you he was a coward.
I told you he was cute.
I told you he would say yes when you asked him!
I told you he'd gone to Barcelona.
I told you his name was Tom, didn't I?
I told you how to do it.
I told you it didn't work.
I told you it was Tom.
I told you it was a bad idea.
I told you it was a mistake.
I told you it was a risk.
I told you it was a scam.
I told you it was a stupid plan.
I told you it was a waste of time.
I told you it was complicated.
I told you it was dangerous.
I told you it was dangerous. The reason you got hurt was because you didn't listen.
I told you it was dangerous. The reason you got hurt was because you didn’t listen.
I told you it was funny.
I told you it was going to be cold here.
I told you it was going to be cold.
I told you it was going to be easy.
I told you it was going to be fine.
I told you it was going to be hard to do.
I told you it was possible.
I told you it was ridiculous.
I told you it was stupid.
I told you it was time to quit.
I told you it was too late to help Tom.
I told you it was too soon.
I told you it was urgent.
I told you it wasn't Tom.
I told you it wasn't an accident.
I told you it wasn't her.
I told you it wasn't him.
I told you it wasn't mine.
I told you it wasn't over.
I told you it wasn't pointless.
I told you it would be a waste of time asking Tom to help.
I told you it would work.
I told you it wouldn't cost all that much.
I told you it wouldn't take too long.
I told you it wouldn't work, didn't I?
I told you it wouldn't work.
I told you it wouldn’t work.
I told you never to call me again.
I told you never to call me here.
I told you never to come here again.
I told you never to do that again.
I told you never to move in a group.
I told you never to speak to me again.
I told you no!
I told you no.
I told you not let the dog in. It will make a mess in the kitchen.
I told you not to call after midnight.
I told you not to call me Tom, didn't I?
I told you not to call me Tom.
I told you not to call me at work.
I told you not to call me here at the office.
I told you not to call me on weekends.
I told you not to call me.
I told you not to come back.
I told you not to come here.
I told you not to come today.
I told you not to come.
I told you not to do anything stupid.
I told you not to do it.
I told you not to do that.
I told you not to do this.
I told you not to drive my car.
I told you not to drive.
I told you not to get involved.
I told you not to give me a hickey!
I told you not to give up.
I told you not to go by yourself.
I told you not to go up to that office.
I told you not to mention that in her presence.
I told you not to move.
I told you not to open this box.
I told you not to phone me any more.
I told you not to play your cello late at night, but you did and now the neighbors have complained.
I told you not to put the little green cube into that big red box.
I told you not to ring me any more.
I told you not to say anything.
I told you not to sing that song.
I told you not to sing.
I told you not to sneak up on me like that.
I told you not to speak to me ever again.
I told you not to stop.
I told you not to talk about Tom.
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
I told you not to talk to Tom.
I told you not to talk to her.
I told you not to talk to him.
I told you not to talk to me.
I told you not to talk to them.
I told you not to tell Tom.
I told you not to tell anyone.
I told you not to tell that to anyone.
I told you not to tell them.
I told you not to touch me.
I told you not to turn on the lights.
I told you not to use those.
I told you not to walk.
I told you not to worry.
I told you nothing else but the clear truth.
I told you nothing.
I told you she was blonde.
I told you she would pay for it. What goes around comes around.
I told you so!
I told you so! The European Union just slapped a Five Billion Dollar fine on one of our great companies, Google. They truly have taken advantage of the U.S., but not for long!
I told you so.
I told you something I shouldn't have.
I told you something that I shouldn't have.
I told you something wasn't right.
I told you that I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
I told you that I didn't know.
I told you that I didn't want a party.
I told you that I didn't want to go to Australia.
I told you that I hated that shirt.
I told you that I never remember dates.
I told you that I was going to do it.
I told you that I was going to do that.
I told you that I wasn't busy.
I told you that I wasn't going to call Tom.
I told you that I wasn't going to call you.
I told you that I wasn't going to give up.
I told you that I wasn't interested.
I told you that I wasn't ready.
I told you that I wasn't tired.
I told you that I would do it.
I told you that I would never give up.
I told you that I wouldn't be able to do that.
I told you that I'd changed my mind.
I told you that I'd help you.
I told you that I'd help.
I told you that I'd think of something.
I told you that I'd wait.
I told you that I'm against it.
I told you that I'm not a native French speaker.
I told you that Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
I told you that Tom wanted to go to Australia.
I told you that Tom wouldn't come.
I told you that before.
I told you that he liked you.
I told you that if it went wrong, I wouldn't help you.
I told you that in confidence, so why did you tell Jane about it?
I told you that it was ridiculous.
I told you that my dad died when I was thirteen.
I told you that she liked you.
I told you that she was blonde.
I told you that this was a good idea.
I told you that this would become tiresome.
I told you that three weeks ago.
I told you that was just a joke.
I told you that was ridiculous.
I told you that we'd be late.
I told you that would work.
I told you that you could do that.
I told you that you didn't have to do that.
I told you that you should buy a new one.
I told you that you weren't supposed to do it.
I told you that you'd have a lot of fun, didn't I?
I told you that you'd like it.
I told you that!
I told you that.
I told you the answer was no.
I told you the bank was closed.
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn’t you believe me?
I told you the interview would be a breeze.
I told you the result as soon as it was made public.
I told you the truth when I told you I loved you.
I told you the truth!
I told you the truth.
I told you there would be Canadians here.
I told you there wouldn't be any problem.
I told you they wouldn't come.
I told you they'd miss us.
I told you things were complicated.
I told you this day would come.
I told you this is how it would end.
I told you this is what would happen.
I told you this is where we'd find Tom.
I told you this was a good idea.
I told you this was a waste of time.
I told you this was complicated.
I told you this was going to be boring.
I told you this was going to be dangerous.
I told you this was going to be fun.
I told you this was going to be interesting.
I told you this was going to happen.
I told you this wasn't a good idea.
I told you this would happen.
I told you to always look after Ziri.
I told you to be careful.
I told you to be careful. I didn't say careless.
I told you to be here on time this morning.
I told you to be home by midnight.
I told you to be quiet.
I told you to bring your swimsuit.
I told you to call me.
I told you to clean your room.
I told you to come alone.
I told you to come early.
I told you to come whenever it's convenient to you.
I told you to come whenever it’s convenient to you.
I told you to do it.
I told you to do that.
I told you to do your chores.
I told you to finish your homework.
I told you to get a new one.
I told you to get out of here.
I told you to get out.
I told you to give me a call.
I told you to go away.
I told you to go home.
I told you to go.
I told you to have the ice box fixed.
I told you to keep away.
I told you to keep silent.
I told you to keep that to yourself.
I told you to keep that to yourselves.
I told you to keep your mouth shut.
I told you to knock it off.
I told you to knock!
I told you to leave Tom alone.
I told you to leave her alone.
I told you to leave him alone.
I told you to leave it alone.
I told you to leave it in the car.
I told you to leave it up to me.
I told you to leave me alone.
I told you to leave me!
I told you to leave them alone.
I told you to leave us alone.
I told you to leave.
I told you to let me go!
I told you to lock the door.
I told you to look forwards.
I told you to make the deal.
I told you to meet me here.
I told you to never come back here.
I told you to never speak to me again.
I told you to open the hood, not the trunk.
I told you to put it in the car.
I told you to put the trash in the trash.
I told you to quit doing that.
I told you to shoot if things went south!
I told you to shut up!
I told you to shut up.
I told you to sign the document.
I told you to stay away from Tom.
I told you to stay away from me.
I told you to stay away from my daughter.
I told you to stay away from my sister.
I told you to stay away.
I told you to stay back.
I told you to stay down.
I told you to stay here.
I told you to stay in the car.
I told you to stay in the house.
I told you to stay in the room.
I told you to stay in your room.
I told you to stay indoors.
I told you to stay inside.
I told you to stay out of it.
I told you to stay out of this.
I told you to stay out of trouble.
I told you to stay put.
I told you to stop bothering me.
I told you to stop calling me that.
I told you to stop doing that.
I told you to stop singing.
I told you to stop, didn't I?
I told you to stop, didn’t I?
I told you to tell the truth.
I told you to wait for me.
I told you to wait in the car!
I told you to wait in the car.
I told you to wait over there.
I told you to wait!
I told you to wait.
I told you to watch Tom carefully.
I told you to watch your mouth!
I told you to wear a hat.
I told you to wear a tie.
I told you to wear sunblock.
I told you we had a lot in common.
I told you we should have asked for permission.
I told you we should have gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I told you we should have waited for Tom.
I told you we should've asked for permission.
I told you we should've gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I told you we should've waited for Tom.
I told you we shouldn't trust Tom.
I told you we should’ve gotten here earlier. Now there aren’t any places left to sit.
I told you we'd be late.
I told you we'd make a good team.
I told you we'd meet again.
I told you we've done this kind of thing before.
I told you what I know.
I told you what I saw.
I told you what I think.
I told you what I was going to do.
I told you what Tom said.
I told you what happened.
I told you what the plan was.
I told you what time to come.
I told you what was going on.
I told you what would happen if you came back.
I told you what you needed to know.
I told you where I live.
I told you where to go.
I told you where we'd gone.
I told you which one I like.
I told you yes.
I told you yesterday.
I told you you could do it.
I told you you could do that.
I told you you didn't have to come in to work today.
I told you you didn't have to come over.
I told you you didn't have to do that.
I told you you had to go home. Why are you still here?
I told you you had to pay attention to your legs and feet.
I told you you should go back to your houses. Why are you still here?
I told you you'd be disappointed.
I told you you'd have a lot of fun, didn't I?
I told you you'd like Tom.
I told you you'd like her.
I told you you'd like him.
I told you you'd like it.
I told you you'd like them.
I told you, I disagree.
I told you, but you didn't listen!
I told you, but you didn't listen.
I told you, but you didn't pay attention.
I told you, but you wouldn't listen.
I told you, go home!
I told you.
I told you. I'm not a native French speaker.
I told your brother what happened.
I tolerate cold better than heat.
I tolerate pain.
I too am at home.
I too am staying at the guesthouse.
I too can run just as fast as Adil.
I too have been to New York.
I too have moments sometimes where I think I'm useless no matter how hard I try.
I too have one.
I too have some of your games in my basement.
I too have two legs in which to walk to work with.
I too like apples.
I too like candies.
I too think like him.
I too would eat something if I weren't sick.
I too would like to go see it.
I took 2 semesters of conversational Arabic at the community college.
I took 4 shots of cranberry sauce last night and started busting it open for a pilgrim.
I took Ann for her sister.
I took Berber classes for three years.
I took Berber classes.
I took Berber for four years.
I took Berber from sixth grade until I was in high school.
I took Berber in college.
I took Berber in high school.
I took French for three years.
I took French in high school.
I took Highway 58.
I took Korean in college.
I took Lina to an amazing Algerian restaurant in Paris.
I took Lina to one of her favorite restaurants.
I took Linda to a posh restaurant.
I took Mom out for a nice dinner to celebrate.
I took Monday off.
I took Rima to the beach.
I took Rima to the village.
I took Sarah upstairs.
I took Tom along.
I took Tom aside.
I took Tom by surprise.
I took Tom down a peg.
I took Tom for a ride.
I took Tom home.
I took Tom in my car.
I took Tom in.
I took Tom shopping.
I took Tom to Boston with me.
I took Tom to a hospital.
I took Tom to hospital.
I took Tom to lunch.
I took Tom to my favorite restaurant in Boston.
I took Tom to school.
I took Tom to see the doctor.
I took Tom to the hospital in the back of my pickup truck.
I took Tom to the hospital.
I took Tom with me.
I took Tom's advice.
I took Tom's arm.
I took Tom's blood pressure.
I took Tom's book.
I took Tom's hand.
I took Tom's picture.
I took Tom's side.
I took Tom's temperature.
I took Tom's umbrella by mistake.
I took Tom's umbrella without meaning to.
I took a 20-minute power nap.
I took a 30-minute nap.
I took a Berber class.
I took a Berber language class.
I took a French class last year.
I took a bath and then had a glass of beer.
I took a bath on the beach.
I took a bath this morning.
I took a bath.
I took a beetroot extract today.
I took a big risk today.
I took a blow to the knee.
I took a book from John and gave another one to Jane.
I took a book from the shelf.
I took a break and I feel better.
I took a break for a few days.
I took a break from camping for a couple of years.
I took a break from teaching Berber.
I took a break.
I took a bus so I wouldn't be late for my appointment.
I took a bus so I wouldn’t be late for my appointment.
I took a bus so as not to be late for my appointment.
I took a cab from the bus terminal.
I took a cab to catch the train.
I took a cab to the station.
I took a cab.
I took a casual look at the magazine.
I took a chance and accepted his challenge.
I took a chance and bought five hundred shares of Sony.
I took a chance on Tom by hiring him.
I took a chance.
I took a class about directing.
I took a class on Algerian history.
I took a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
I took a class, but it seems that real-life experience is much more valuable.
I took a close look at one.
I took a close shot of her face.
I took a cold shower.
I took a cookie off the plate and ate it.
I took a cooking class last spring and learned to bake bread.
I took a correspondence course on French from Langara College. I didn't have to go to any classes, just the exams.
I took a cottage for the summer.
I took a couple of days off from work last week.
I took a cup and filled it with coffee.
I took a day off last week.
I took a day off to show her the capital as her tour guide.
I took a day off today.
I took a day off yesterday and went on a picnic.
I took a day off.
I took a decision.
I took a deep breath.
I took a different route.
I took a dislike to Tom from day one.
I took a doze after coming home.
I took a dump.
I took a familiar trail.
I took a fancy to the singer.
I took a few deep breaths.
I took a few notes last night.
I took a few steps back.
I took a guess.
I took a handful of wheat.
I took a handicraft course last year.
I took a life.
I took a little nap.
I took a little walk during my break.
I took a long bath.
I took a long drink.
I took a long nap after lunch.
I took a long pause to collect my thoughts.
I took a long trip last year.
I took a long warm shower.
I took a look around.
I took a look at one.
I took a look at the Berber book.
I took a look at the computer.
I took a look at the newspaper.
I took a lot of it.
I took a lot of pictures in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures in Boston.
I took a lot of pictures last month when I was in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures last summer when I was in Boston.
I took a lot of pictures last summer.
I took a lot of pictures of my holiday.
I took a lot of pictures of the Statue of Liberty.
I took a lot of pictures on my trip.
I took a lot of pictures when I was in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures when I was in Boston.
I took a lot of pictures yesterday.
I took a lot of pictures.
I took a nap for a couple of hours this afternoon.
I took a nap in my car.
I took a nap on the couch.
I took a nap this afternoon at the office.
I took a nap to pass the time.
I took a nap, so I'm not sleepy.
I took a nap.
I took a paid day off yesterday.
I took a painkiller for my headache.
I took a paternity test in hopes of finding my long-estranged father.
I took a photo of the acer leaves against the bright sky.
I took a picture at the decisive moment.
I took a picture of her.
I took a picture of her. I am so glad I did.
I took a picture of my family.
I took a picture of the schedule.
I took a picture.
I took a pill in Boston to show Tom I was cool.
I took a pregnancy test, but it was negative.
I took a quick glance at the bills to be paid.
I took a quick glimpse of the shop's inside.
I took a quick look at his internet browsing history.
I took a quick trip to Boston.
I took a really serious tumble.
I took a red-eye from Montreal to Paris. I'm exhausted.
I took a risk when I made the investment.
I took a seat.
I took a second job to make ends meet.
I took a self-portrait.
I took a serviette and wiped my fingers.
I took a sheet of paper and drew a line in the middle.
I took a shit behind the hedge.
I took a shit.
I took a short nap after lunch.
I took a short nap.
I took a shortcut.
I took a shower and then went to bed.
I took a shower this morning.
I took a shower.
I took a sip of wine.
I took a sip.
I took a sleeping pill last night.
I took a speed-reading course and read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
I took a sprig of holly, and tucked it into my hat band.
I took a sprig of holly, and tucked it into my hatband.
I took a step back.
I took a step backwards.
I took a step forward.
I took a swig of whiskey.
I took a swig.
I took a swing at Tom.
I took a swing at him.
I took a taxi and went home.
I took a taxi because I missed the bus.
I took a taxi because it was raining.
I took a taxi because the bus was late.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
I took a taxi from the train station to the hotel.
I took a taxi since it was raining.
I took a taxi so I could catch the train.
I took a taxi so I could get to the train on time.
I took a taxi so I'd be in time for the appointment.
I took a taxi so I'd be in time to catch the train.
I took a taxi so as to catch the train.
I took a taxi so that I could be at the wedding just in time.
I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
I took a taxi so that I'd be in time for the appointment.
I took a taxi to get there in time.
I took a taxi to get to the train.
I took a taxi to reach the train.
I took a taxi to the airport.
I took a taxi to the station.
I took a taxi to the train station.
I took a taxi, because it was raining.
I took a test on my level in Berber.
I took a thirty-minute nap after lunch.
I took a train bound for Paris.
I took a train to Algiers.
I took a train to Kyoto.
I took a trip across Canada last April.
I took a trip last month.
I took a trip to Australia.
I took a trip to Boston.
I took a trip to Georgia.
I took a trip to Nikko last week.
I took a trip to Tokyo.
I took a trip to the emergency room.
I took a trip to the grocery store.
I took a vacation day.
I took a vacation to Kabylie, Algeria.
I took a vacation.
I took a walk in the mountains.
I took a walk in the park.
I took a walk on the beach by myself.
I took a walk to blow off steam.
I took a walk with my dog this morning.
I took a walk with my dog.
I took a walk.
I took a week off.
I took a wrong turn.
I took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters.
I took advantage of an opportunity.
I took advantage of every opportunity to improve my English.
I took advantage of it.
I took advantage of my business trip to see the sights of Paris.
I took advantage of the confusion and attacked the enemy.
I took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
I took advantage of the stay to restore my health.
I took aim at one.
I took all my stuff with me.
I took all the coins out of my piggy bank because I didn't have any money and wasn't getting paid until next week.
I took an English newspaper when I was in college.
I took an Islamic class.
I took an Uber to the hotel.
I took an airplane for the first time in my life.
I took an airplane from Tokyo to Kyushu.
I took an arrow in my knee.
I took an arrow in the knee.
I took an art class last year.
I took an art course last year.
I took an early flight home.
I took an immersion course.
I took an interest in reading when I was 9 years old.
I took an umbrella in case it rains.
I took an umbrella in case it should rain.
I took an underground at random.
I took another bite.
I took another drink.
I took another look.
I took another sip of wine.
I took another sip.
I took another step closer.
I took another swig of beer.
I took another swig.
I took apart the engine.
I took as many classes in Berber as I could.
I took back everything I said.
I took care of Tom's cat.
I took care of Tom's dog.
I took care of Tom.
I took care of her cat.
I took care of her.
I took care of him.
I took care of it for you.
I took care of it myself.
I took care of it.
I took care of my sick sister.
I took care of that for you.
I took care of that problem.
I took care of that.
I took care of the cat.
I took care of the flowers.
I took care of them.
I took care to make the letters large and be generous with character and line spacing in order for it to be easy to read for the elderly and those who have problems with their sight.
I took control of the situation.
I took cover.
I took dance lessons.
I took down her telephone number in my notebook.
I took every opportunity to improve my Esperanto.
I took everything with me.
I took everything.
I took for granted that he got homesick.
I took for granted that he was above such meanness.
I took for granted that they would give me a receipt.
I took good care of it, but it died anyway.
I took good care of my grandmother.
I took good care that I did not fall.
I took her arm.
I took her back to the bed.
I took her by the hand and we both jumped out of the window.
I took her for an American.
I took her for her sister.
I took her for her sister. They look so much alike.
I took her gun.
I took her home.
I took her inside.
I took her order and went back to the kitchen.
I took her temperature.
I took her to Kabylie last week.
I took her to Sarah's desk.
I took her to my room.
I took her to that party.
I took her to the hospital.
I took him a cup of coffee.
I took him aside.
I took him at his word.
I took him by the wrist.
I took him down a notch.
I took him for Mr Brown.
I took him for his brother.
I took him for my brother.
I took him for my close friend.
I took him on his word when he said he'd never seen her before.
I took him out for a walk.
I took him out to dinner in return for his help.
I took him out.
I took him to be an honest man.
I took him to hospital.
I took him to school.
I took him to the Kyoto Imperial Palace.
I took him to the hospital.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
I took him up on his offer.
I took his attendance for granted.
I took his name and address.
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn't interested.
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn’t interested.
I took his part in the discussion.
I took his path.
I took his route.
I took his side in the argument.
I took his temperature.
I took his umbrella by mistake.
I took his umbrella without meaning to.
I took home two thousand dollars.
I took incompletes, which I later converted into passing grades.
I took interstate 58.
I took it as a joke and did not answer.
I took it as a joke.
I took it back to the inn.
I took it easy.
I took it for granted Tom would help us.
I took it for granted that Tom could speak French.
I took it for granted that Tom would be coming.
I took it for granted that Tom would be there.
I took it for granted that Tom would do that.
I took it for granted that Tom would help us.
I took it for granted that Tom wouldn't do that.
I took it for granted that he would become a member.
I took it for granted that he would come.
I took it for granted that he would consent.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
I took it for granted that he would stand by me.
I took it for granted that he would succeed.
I took it for granted that he would win the race.
I took it for granted that my watch kept the correct time.
I took it for granted that she had received my letter.
I took it for granted that she would agree with me.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
I took it for granted that she would come.
I took it for granted that they adored Hannah.
I took it for granted that they would give me a receipt.
I took it for granted that you knew the whole matter.
I took it for granted that you were aware of the danger.
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
I took it for granted that you were on our side.
I took it for granted that you would attend the meeting.
I took it for granted that you would come to my party.
I took it for granted that you would come with us.
I took it for granted that you would come.
I took it for granted that you would do that.
I took it for granted that you would join us.
I took it for granted that you would join.
I took it for granted that you'd come.
I took it for granted.
I took it from Tom.
I took it full face.
I took it in a literal sense.
I took it literally.
I took it that you would come.
I took it to the thrift shop.
I took it upon myself to telephone the police.
I took it very, very personally.
I took it.
I took leave of him.
I took leave of the villagers and made for my next destination.
I took lots of photos in Kabylie, Algeria.
I took lots of pictures in Kabylie.
I took many pictures in Kabylie.
I took many selfies in Kabylie.
I took more medicine than I was supposed to.
I took mushrooms.
I took my alarm clock with me.
I took my bike.
I took my boots off and put them under the bed.
I took my boots off because my feet were freezing.
I took my brother to school.
I took my camera along.
I took my camera with me.
I took my car to have it serviced today.
I took my car to the car wash.
I took my cat to the veterinary hospital yesterday.
I took my child.
I took my children to Disneyland last year.
I took my children to the park.
I took my clothes to be cleaned.
I took my coat off and put it on the chair.
I took my coat off because it was hot.
I took my dad to the airport now.
I took my daughter to the paediatrician.
I took my decision.
I took my degree in biology.
I took my dog to the vet today.
I took my dog to the vet.
I took my dog to the veterinarian today.
I took my family back to Kabylie.
I took my family to Kabylie.
I took my glasses off.
I took my guitar and I went on my way.
I took my hat off.
I took my leave of them at the gate.
I took my little sister by the hand when we crossed the street.
I took my medication.
I took my medicine and went to sleep.
I took my meds.
I took my phone out of my jacket pocket.
I took my place among them.
I took my place at the end of the line.
I took my purse from the car.
I took my revenge on my children.
I took my revenge.
I took my rifle out of its case.
I took my rival seriously.
I took my shahada in a mosque.
I took my shahada with Skura.
I took my shirt off.
I took my shoes and socks off.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window.
I took my shoes off.
I took my stuff and went to live with my sister again.
I took my sweater off.
I took my temperature every six hours.
I took my temperature, but it was normal.
I took my temperature.
I took my things to a hotel in New Street, and then I made my way to the address which had been given me.
I took my things to a hotel in New Street.
I took my things to my room.
I took my time having lunch.
I took my time.
I took my trousers off.
I took my umbrella for fear of rain.
I took my umbrella in case it rains.
I took my umbrella lest it rain.
I took my very first Berber class in middle school.
I took my wallet out of my pocket.
I took neither breakfast nor lunch.
I took nice pictures.
I took no account of what he said.
I took no count of what he said.
I took no little pains to help him out of the difficulty.
I took no note of the time.
I took note of her advice.
I took note of his advice.
I took note of what he was saying.
I took note of your advice.
I took notes in French.
I took notes while reading the book.
I took notes.
I took nuts.
I took off down the mountain.
I took off fast.
I took off my boots and put them under the bed.
I took off my clothes and got into the bathtub.
I took off my clothes.
I took off my coat and gloves.
I took off my coat and put it on the chair.
I took off my coat because it was hot.
I took off my coat.
I took off my hat and entered the church.
I took off my hat.
I took off my headphones.
I took off my scarf and put it on the bed.
I took off my shirt.
I took off my shoes and socks.
I took off my shoes.
I took off my slippers and put on my shoes.
I took off my sweater because it got warmer.
I took off my sweater.
I took off my wig.
I took off the sticker.
I took on the assignment.
I took on the job of proofreading.
I took one class, but I've found that real-life experience is much more useful.
I took one down.
I took one in.
I took one off.
I took one out.
I took one step outside with my crutches, and I slipped and almost died. Realizing my mistake of trying to venture outside while the ground was wet, I took another step back, and again, I slipped and almost died.
I took one, and gave the other apples to my little sister.
I took one.
I took our dog to the vet for a checkup.
I took out a loan in order to buy a car.
I took out a loan to consolidate my credit card debt.
I took out an insurance policy.
I took out of my pocket a sheet of paper and a pen.
I took out the bullets.
I took out the potatoes.
I took out the rubbish while you were gone. You're welcome.
I took out the trash early.
I took out the trash while you were gone. You should thank me.
I took out the trash while you were gone. You're welcome.
I took out the trash.
I took over in 2013.
I took over my father's job.
I took over my father’s job.
I took over the business from Father.
I took over the business from my father.
I took over the business.
I took over the wheel at Nagoya.
I took painkillers and continued working.
I took painkillers and kept on working.
I took painkillers and kept working.
I took part in the English speech contest.
I took part in the assembly.
I took part in the athletic meeting.
I took part in the company party.
I took part in the contest.
I took part in the discussion.
I took part in the party.
I took part in the sporting event.
I took photos.
I took piano lessons as a kid.
I took piano lessons when I was a kid.
I took pictures of the birds.
I took pictures.
I took pity on Tom.
I took pity on her and lent her the money.
I took responsibility for that.
I took revenge.
I took risks.
I took several pictures at the airport.
I took several sips of water from the canteen.
I took several steps backward.
I took shahada.
I took shelter from rain under the shop's eaves.
I took shelter from rain under the shop’s eaves.
I took shelter under a tree.
I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
I took shelter under my friend’s umbrella.
I took shelter.
I took sides with them in the argument.
I took small steps.
I took so many classes in Berber.
I took so many pictures that I have no more film.
I took some creative liberties. I hope you don't mind.
I took some medicine.
I took some money out of my wallet and gave it to Tom.
I took some painkiller.
I took some pictures of Tom.
I took some vitamin C.
I took something from Tom.
I took such a hammering over recent months.
I took that from Tom.
I took that into account.
I took that into consideration as well.
I took that photo a week ago.
I took that picture a week ago.
I took that picture last month.
I took that.
I took the 10:30 train, which was ten minutes late.
I took the 10:30 train. However, it was ten minutes late.
I took the 2.30 train.
I took the 61 bus.
I took the A58.
I took the Covid swab this morning.
I took the Quran home.
I took the ball, and when the chap came rushing to me, I threw the ball over his head and ran around him to catch it again!
I took the bins out.
I took the blame.
I took the book from you.
I took the book.
I took the bus back.
I took the bus in order to reach the destination before it got dark.
I took the cake out of the oven too early.
I took the cake out of the oven.
I took the child.
I took the children and moved in with my sister.
I took the children to school.
I took the coat back to the shop to have it altered.
I took the comb and began to untangle the knots in her hair.
I took the day off from work yesterday and went to the hospital.
I took the day off.
I took the decorations off the Christmas tree today.
I took the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in 1903. The meaning of this degree is that the recipient of instruction is examined for the last time in his life, and is pronounced completely full. After this, no new ideas can be imparted to him.
I took the dictionary off the shelf to look up a word.
I took the dinghy from the ship.
I took the dog for a walk even though it was raining.
I took the dog for a walk.
I took the dog out for a walk.
I took the dog out.
I took the elevator down.
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
I took the elevator.
I took the exam without studying for it.
I took the fact for granted.
I took the ferry because I went by car.
I took the film of the trip to be developed.
I took the first flight.
I took the first step towards my dream by visiting the school to see if it was right for me.
I took the first step.
I took the food home.
I took the heat for it.
I took the high-speed train from Tangiers to Rabat.
I took the highway.
I took the jam for me.
I took the job because they promised me I wouldn't have to work weekends.
I took the job because they promised me that I wouldn't have to work weekends.
I took the job to be around her.
I took the job without giving it much thought.
I took the job.
I took the kids to the doctor.
I took the kids to the zoo.
I took the last biscuit.
I took the last cookie.
I took the letter to the post office.
I took the liberty of calling her.
I took the liberty of calling him by his first name.
I took the liberty of packing your bag.
I took the liberty of using the dictionary while you were out of the room.
I took the liberty to add you to the group.
I took the lift to the second floor.
I took the lift to the third floor.
I took the lift.
I took the little girl by the hand.
I took the long way home.
I took the medicine Tom gave me and immediately began to feel better.
I took the medicine that Tom gave me and immediately began to feel better.
I took the medicine that Tom offered me and immediately began to feel better.
I took the medicine.
I took the money out of my pocket.
I took the money.
I took the most important events from the chronology of information science and wrote a few words about each one.
I took the number 61 bus.
I took the opportunity of retirement to begin studying tea ceremony.
I took the opportunity of retirement to begin studying the tea ceremony.
I took the opportunity to visit Rome.
I took the opportunity to visit the museum.
I took the opportunity.
I took the other car.
I took the packages home.
I took the parcel to the post office.
I took the path down to the river.
I took the path of least resistance.
I took the pen Tom handed me and signed the document.
I took the photo.
I took the plug off.
I took the plushie.
I took the puppy home.
I took the puppy to my grandmother's house.
I took the radio apart to repair it.
I took the right fork of the road.
I took the right path.
I took the road towards Paris.
I took the shortcut back to the woods, locked my shelter, and opened the basket.
I took the sticker off.
I took the subway yesterday.
I took the train from Arnhem to Cologne.
I took the train from my city to Tokyo and the ride lasted several hours.
I took the train to school this morning.
I took the train.
I took the trouble to write the answers to the comments.
I took the wheel while he slept.
I took the wheels off Tom's bike.
I took the wheels off my bicycle.
I took the wheels off of my bicycle.
I took the wrong bus, so I went somewhere else.
I took the wrong bus.
I took the wrong exit.
I took the wrong path in the maze and ended up going round.
I took the wrong turn.
I took them for a little trip in a boat.
I took them.
I took these pictures in Algeria.
I took these pictures on October 20th.
I took these statistics from a government white paper on education.
I took this photo last week.
I took this photo.
I took this picture a week ago.
I took this picture in Boston on October 20th.
I took this picture in October.
I took this picture on October 20th.
I took this picture.
I took three cold tablets before I lay down.
I took three tablets of a cold medicine before going to bed.
I took three years of Berber language in high school.
I took three years of French in high school.
I took time off from work and went to the doctor.
I took time off from work and went to the hospital.
I took to Mary as soon as we met.
I took to drinking when I was eighteen.
I took to her at once.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I took to her.
I took to reading.
I took to sleeping late in the morning.
I took to the stranger at once.
I took today off in exchange for working on Sunday.
I took two aspirin for my headache.
I took two aspirins for my headache.
I took two bottles of milk.
I took two cold tablets before I lay down.
I took two cups of coffee.
I took two pictures.
I took two weeks' holiday.
I took up squash only a few months ago.
I took what I thought was a shortcut and got lost.
I took what he said literally.
I took what she said literally.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
I took you for Roy when I first saw you.
I took your Berber dictionary by mistake.
I took your advice.
I took your keys by mistake.
I took your name off the list.
I took your silence as agreement.
I took your umbrella by a mistake.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
I took your word for it.
I took zero pictures.
I topped his nose with pink whipped cream.
I tore a calf muscle.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
I tore a ligament in my knee and had to have surgery.
I tore down the road.
I tore my jacket on a nail.
I tore my pants.
I tore off a piece of bread and fed it to my dog.
I tore one.
I tore the newspaper into pieces.
I tore the paper from the gatepost and put it in my pocket with a sigh.
I tore the paper into pieces.
I tore the photo of me with him into little pieces.
I tore the picture out of the album.
I tore to pieces the picture I took with him.
I tore up all the letters that you wrote to me.
I tore up the contract.
I tore up the letter and threw the pieces in every corner of the room.
I tore up the paper.
I tortured the prisoners.
I tossed Tom the ball.
I tossed and turned all night.
I tossed and turned in bed all night.
I tossed and turned in the blankets for most of the night.
I tossed it in the trash.
I tossed my bags on the floor.
I tossed my dog onto my bed.
I tossed one to Tom.
I tossed the ball to Tom.
I totaled my car.
I totalled my car.
I totally agree on that.
I totally agree with Tom.
I totally agree with both of you.
I totally agree with her.
I totally agree with him.
I totally agree with his definition of friendship.
I totally agree with that.
I totally agree with them.
I totally agree with what you say.
I totally agree with you both.
I totally agree with you on that point.
I totally agree with you!
I totally agree with you.
I totally agree.
I totally agreed with Tom.
I totally believe that.
I totally believe you.
I totally disagree with Tom.
I totally disagree with you.
I totally disagree.
I totally don't believe you.
I totally feel like this right now.
I totally forgot about Tom.
I totally forgot about that.
I totally forgot about the meeting.
I totally forgot it was Mary's birthday.
I totally forgot it was Tom's birthday.
I totally forgot it.
I totally forgot that I needed to do that.
I totally forgot that it was Tom's birthday.
I totally forgot that today is even a holiday.
I totally forgot that today is my mom's birthday.
I totally forgot that today was Tom's birthday.
I totally forgot today was Tom's birthday.
I totally forgot.
I totally freaked out.
I totally get it, too.
I totally get it.
I totally get that.
I totally know what you mean.
I totally meant to challenge your authority.
I totally messed it up.
I totally need to bulk up.
I totally owe you one.
I totally trust my appearance.
I totally trust you.
I totally understand how pissed off you are that I canceled on short notice.
I totally understand that.
I totally understand the feeling.
I totally understand where you are coming from.
I totally understand your admiration for this book.
I totally understand!
I totally understand.
I totally understood.
I touch you.
I touched Nuja.
I touched Tom.
I touched grass for the first time today.
I touched her.
I touched him.
I touched his arm and told him not to worry.
I touched his hard penis.
I touched it.
I touched my feet.
I touched one.
I touched the ball first.
I touched the bottom of the pool.
I touched the bottom.
I touched the leaves.
I touched them.
I touched you.
I traced it from a photograph.
I track it with GPS.
I track my daily patterns to discover triggers.
I tracked down the enemy through the sniper scope.
I tracked it via GPS.
I tracked them.
I traded a camera for a guitar.
I traded in my car for a new one.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper.
I train almost every day.
I train dogs.
I train horses.
I train to run a marathon in the summer.
I train two hours a day.
I train with Tom.
I trained Tom for the job.
I trained Tom.
I trained consistently.
I trained him.
I trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning.
I trained really hard.
I trained the dog to do tricks.
I trained very hard.
I trained with elite soldiers.
I trained with the paratroopers.
I trained with the special forces.
I transcribed the original mimeographed edition into LATEX.
I transferred ownership of the car to my spouse.
I transferred the work to him.
I transformed since the accident.
I transformed the garage into an office.
I translate all day long.
I translate articles almost every day.
I translate books in my spare time.
I translate from English and French.
I translate from Russian into Kazakh.
I translate into Esperanto for free.
I translate only articles, not books.
I translate only for my manager.
I translate sentences from English, Spanish, Russian, German and Hungarian.
I translate sentences on Tatoeba in my spare time.
I translate what I want!
I translate, therefore I am.
I translate.
I translated Tom's letter into French.
I translated a lot of books.
I translated all her sentences in Berber.
I translated all the documents yesterday.
I translated all these phrases.
I translated everything Tom wrote into French.
I translated into Esperanto so I could practice the language.
I translated it into Berber.
I translated it.
I translated one.
I translated the article from Spanish into Basque.
I translated the article in French.
I translated the article into French.
I translated the book from French into English.
I translated the book into Berber.
I translated the contract into French.
I translated the document from French into English.
I translated the document into French.
I translated the letter from French into English.
I translated the letter into French for Tom.
I translated the letter into French.
I translated the poem as best I could.
I translated the poem as well as I could.
I translated the poem the best I could.
I translated the text after I had read it.
I translated this sentence twice.
I translated this text for nothing.
I translated what Tom wrote.
I translated, I translate, I will translate, I would translate... but only if I make money.
I translated.
I transmitted a message to Tom.
I transmitted a message to my companion.
I transmitted a message to the school administrator.
I transmitted the message to Tom.
I transplanted it to a bigger flowerpot.
I transported a bunch of wood on my back.
I trapped Mina.
I trapped Tom.
I trashed the place.
I travel a lot for work.
I travel a lot.
I travel almost every day.
I travel alone.
I travel around a lot.
I travel as much as Tom does.
I travel as much as Tom.
I travel by metro.
I travel by plane.
I travel during off-peak seasons.
I travel frequently.
I travel in time.
I travel light.
I travel often.
I travel on the subway every day.
I travel to Tokyo every day.
I travel to all parts of the globe.
I travel to see the world.
I travel with my family every year.
I travel.
I traveled about Europe.
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
I traveled all around Australia.
I traveled all around Kabylie.
I traveled all around Russia.
I traveled all through France.
I traveled all through Spain.
I traveled all through the Netherlands.
I traveled all through the United States.
I traveled alone.
I traveled around Australia by myself.
I traveled around Australia on my own.
I traveled around Europe.
I traveled around the rural back roads of the area.
I traveled around.
I traveled at my own expense.
I traveled by myself.
I traveled during my summer vacation.
I traveled far and wide in America.
I traveled in the interest of my company.
I traveled on foot.
I traveled southward.
I traveled through all of Italy.
I traveled to Algeria.
I traveled to Australia last summer.
I traveled to Australia.
I traveled to Boston.
I traveled to Italy last summer.
I traveled to Kabylie.
I traveled to Nevada on business for a few days.
I traveled to Palestine in 2004.
I traveled to Paris.
I traveled to Thailand before.
I traveled to different parts of the Muslim world.
I traveled to the mountain.
I traveled to the village.
I traveled.
I travelled alone.
I travelled around Europe.
I travelled back to Milan that night.
I travelled by myself.
I travelled for two years in Tibet, therefore, and amused myself by visiting Lhassa, and spending some days with the head Llama.
I travelled on foot.
I travelled on shank's pony.
I travelled round Europe.
I travelled there by bike.
I travelled to Amsterdam on my own with a big backpack. The quaint canals and the tree-lined streets always make a good photographic theme. There were lots of Indonesian restaurants there. Inside that labyrinth was my hotel, Hotel Kabul. I met an Egyptian traveller there. At a place of many pigeons, I asked a bespectacled South Asian loiterer to take my picture amongst the birds that he was feeding. I visited the Sex Museum. I just liked walking around, looking at the antique buildings. There were a lot of bicyclists. Long ago, in grade school in Canada, I wrote a geography report about the Netherlands, and I learned about their engineering feats of reclaiming land from the water and, of course, the tulips.
I travelled to London by bus.
I travelled to London.
I travelled to Tokyo right away; it was past noon when I saw my uncle.
I travelled to Tokyo to see Tony.
I travelled to multiethnic walkable Singapore on my way to Bali. There, it was a land of four official languages, Mandarin, Malay, Tamil, and English. I liked the food there a lot, including "cumi-cumi" or squid served in a clay hotpot. I saw dark Tamil people eating with hands on big banana leaves. Hawkers in Malay shrieked, "Makan! Makan!" (Eat! Eat!). Vendors sold big funny-looking lotus flowers. Some men were wearing colourful aloha shirts. My quaint hotel was decorated in 19th-century colonial Sino-British fashion. Later, from the Web, I tried job-hunting in the city-state, because it looked like a comfortable place.
I treasure this experience.
I treat Tom well.
I treat everybody the same.
I treat her like my daughter.
I treat them like my daughters.
I treat you to a cup of coffee.
I treated Tom well.
I treated her as my own daughter.
I treated him like my own son.
I treated him unfairly.
I treated myself to a Nintendo Switch.
I treated myself to a cup of coffee and a doughnut.
I treated myself to a vacation in Florence.
I treated myself to it.
I treated myself.
I tremble with fear at the thought of an injection.
I tremble with fear.
I tremble with my fingers crossed behind the door.
I trembled in fear.
I trembled with anger and could not speak.
I trembled with fear.
I tricked Tom again.
I tricked Tom into doing that.
I tricked Tom.
I tricked him.
I tricked them.
I tricked you.
I tried Buddhist meditation once, but I fell asleep halfway through the session.
I tried a glass of one of the emperor's favorite drinks that used to be served in the palace.
I tried a new recipe for dinner and it turned out great.
I tried a new recipe.
I tried a new tactic.
I tried a piece of cake and it was delicious.
I tried a shortcut.
I tried a shrimp based soup.
I tried a shrimp-based soup.
I tried acupressure for the first time.
I tried again and again, but I couldn't succeed.
I tried again and again, but I couldn’t succeed.
I tried again and again.
I tried again at 2:00 p.m.
I tried again for no reason.
I tried again, but to no avail.
I tried again.
I tried all possible means.
I tried and failed.
I tried aroma therapy.
I tried asking Tom to help.
I tried baking bread for the first time, but it came out dry and didn't taste good.
I tried baking bread for the first time, but it's dry and not tasty.
I tried being nice.
I tried both.
I tried but didn't succeed.
I tried but failed to stop him.
I tried but failed.
I tried but wasn't successful.
I tried but without success to translate this sentence into Toki Pona.
I tried calling Tom again.
I tried calling Tom.
I tried calling back.
I tried calling but didn't get an answer.
I tried calling her.
I tried calling him back the next day.
I tried calling you at your office.
I tried calling you.
I tried calling your office.
I tried calling, but they didn't answer.
I tried climbing the mountain.
I tried climbing the tree.
I tried contacting Tom.
I tried counting sheep.
I tried cycling to work for a while but I didn't take to it.
I tried cycling to work for a while but I didn’t take to it.
I tried doing it several times by myself before I asked Tom for help.
I tried doing it several times.
I tried doing it that way, too.
I tried doing just that.
I tried doing that a few days ago.
I tried doing that again, but I couldn't do it.
I tried doing that earlier.
I tried doing that once myself.
I tried doing that once.
I tried doing that yesterday.
I tried doing that, but unfortunately I wasn't able to.
I tried doing that.
I tried eating a rambutan.
I tried enlisting.
I tried every trick I knew.
I tried every trick I know.
I tried every way.
I tried everything I could think of to convince them to stop ruining their life, but they remained obdurate to the very end.
I tried everything I could to get you to notice me.
I tried everything I could to make that happen.
I tried everything I could to stop Tom.
I tried everything I could.
I tried everything to keep him alive.
I tried everything.
I tried explaining the algebra homework to him, but it just went in one ear and out the other.
I tried explaining.
I tried fighting back.
I tried fishing.
I tried flying from the top of the tree.
I tried for a long time before I succeeded.
I tried for almost an hour.
I tried forgetting.
I tried frying it in sunflower oil.
I tried gluing it back together.
I tried gluing it.
I tried going for a run today, but I'm not in great shape.
I tried googling it.
I tried hard not to be disrespectful.
I tried hard not to laugh.
I tried hard to keep myself busy, to keep going.
I tried hard to make them stay home, but they refused to listen to me.
I tried hard, and I'm happy with the result.
I tried hard, but I had to give up.
I tried hard.
I tried harder than usual, so I'm all the more exhausted.
I tried harder than usual, so I’m all the more exhausted.
I tried harder.
I tried in vain to catch him out.
I tried in vain to convince her.
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.
I tried in vain to explain the reason.
I tried in vain to open it.
I tried in vain to persuade him not to smoke any more.
I tried in vain to persuade them.
I tried in vain to seduce her.
I tried in vain to stop her.
I tried in vain to stop him.
I tried in vain, wasting precious time.
I tried installing a new app, and it turned out to be very useful, so now I use it every day.
I tried it again, only to fail.
I tried it again.
I tried it and I loved it.
I tried it and found it very useful.
I tried it anyway.
I tried it at least.
I tried it before.
I tried it nonetheless.
I tried it over again.
I tried it the way Mary said, and it worked like a charm.
I tried it, but it's super complicated.
I tried it.
I tried listening.
I tried looking inside the room through the keyhole.
I tried lying down for a nap, dreamt about homelessness, and woke up.
I tried many things but failed after all.
I tried many times to use a personal computer.
I tried meditation.
I tried my best not to fall asleep.
I tried my best to avoid making eye contact with Tom.
I tried my best to convince her but she still avoids me like the plague.
I tried my best to do well on the exam.
I tried my best to get Tom to stop doing that.
I tried my best to get here on time.
I tried my best to get them to stop quarreling.
I tried my best to get there early.
I tried my best to get through to Tom.
I tried my best to help Tom.
I tried my best to help her.
I tried my best to help him.
I tried my best to help them.
I tried my best to help you.
I tried my best to ignore that.
I tried my best to ignore what was going on.
I tried my best to please Tom.
I tried my best to stay awake.
I tried my best tonight.
I tried my best, but I still couldn't do it.
I tried my best, but I still lost the race.
I tried my best, but I wasn't able to do that.
I tried my best, only to fail again.
I tried my best.
I tried my hand at fishing.
I tried not to attract attention.
I tried not to be late.
I tried not to cry in front of him.
I tried not to cry today.
I tried not to cry.
I tried not to do that.
I tried not to do too much.
I tried not to do very much.
I tried not to eat too much.
I tried not to freak out.
I tried not to hurt anyone's feelings.
I tried not to keep Tom waiting too long.
I tried not to laugh.
I tried not to look disappointed.
I tried not to look into her eyes.
I tried not to look sad.
I tried not to look.
I tried not to make any noise.
I tried not to make any sudden movements.
I tried not to make eye contact with her.
I tried not to make eye contact with him.
I tried not to overreact.
I tried not to panic.
I tried not to react.
I tried not to show my fear.
I tried not to smile.
I tried not to stare.
I tried not to think about it.
I tried not to think about that.
I tried not to wake you up.
I tried not to watch.
I tried not to worry.
I tried not to yawn.
I tried offering cash.
I tried on every pair of shoes in the store, but none of them fit me.
I tried on one of the coats, but it didn't fit.
I tried on several occasions.
I tried on the hat.
I tried on the helmet.
I tried on the shirt.
I tried on the shoes.
I tried on the suit.
I tried on those shoes.
I tried on three t-shirts at the store.
I tried one of the coats on, but it didn't fit.
I tried one of those.
I tried one on.
I tried one.
I tried phoning, but the number was engaged.
I tried playing.
I tried practicing French with Tom.
I tried putting candy corn in the microwave to make candy popcorn, but it all just ended up burnt.
I tried reading that book.
I tried really hard to convince Tom and Mary do to that.
I tried really hard to convince Tom do to that.
I tried really hard to convince Tom to help Mary.
I tried really hard to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I tried really hard to do that.
I tried really hard to get Tom to do that.
I tried really hard to get Tom to help Mary do that.
I tried really hard to get Tom to quit doing that.
I tried really hard to get Tom to stop doing that.
I tried really hard to get here on time.
I tried really hard.
I tried ringing, but the number was engaged.
I tried running.
I tried shouting.
I tried sitting on that chair, but it was wobbly.
I tried sleeping.
I tried solving the problem.
I tried some of the chutney.
I tried speaking French to the waiter, but he couldn't understand me.
I tried speaking French to them, but they didn't seem to understand me.
I tried speaking French, but they still couldn't understand me.
I tried standing on my head.
I tried stopping Tom.
I tried talking to Tom last night.
I tried talking to Tom.
I tried talking to her about how I feel.
I tried telling Tom, but he wouldn't listen.
I tried telling my parents.
I tried tequila once.
I tried that a couple of times.
I tried that as well.
I tried that once.
I tried that, too.
I tried that.
I tried the beef.
I tried the best I could.
I tried the cake, but it was too sweet for me.
I tried the coat on, but it was too large for me.
I tried the coat on.
I tried the dish, and it just wasn't my cup of tea.
I tried the door, but it was locked.
I tried the door.
I tried the doorbell.
I tried the front door.
I tried the hat on.
I tried the helmet on.
I tried the kebab at the new restaurant last night. Out of 10, I'd give it a 6.
I tried the key, but it didn't fit.
I tried the knob.
I tried the loquats.
I tried the problem again and again.
I tried the shirt on.
I tried the shoes on.
I tried the stew that Tom made.
I tried the suit on.
I tried thinking about why it was that I didn't trust him.
I tried thinking about why it was that I didn’t trust him.
I tried this and that, blending yellow with white powders and obtaining brown, mixing crystals with powders and getting dust, combining liquids with solids and making mud.
I tried those shoes on.
I tried three times.
I tried to absorb as much of local culture as possible.
I tried to act appropriately.
I tried to act cool.
I tried to act impressed.
I tried to act like everything was normal.
I tried to act natural.
I tried to act naturally.
I tried to act normal.
I tried to act standoffish.
I tried to align the pieces of metal perfectly together before soldering them.
I tried to answer the question, but I couldn't.
I tried to answer the question, which I found impossible.
I tried to apologize to Tom.
I tried to apologize, but the words stuck in my throat.
I tried to apologize.
I tried to appear as aloof as possible.
I tried to argue my father into buying a new car.
I tried to argue.
I tried to ask Tom something.
I tried to ask her a riddle.
I tried to attract Tom's attention.
I tried to avoid Tom, but I was unsuccessful.
I tried to avoid Tom, but it was impossible.
I tried to avoid Tom.
I tried to avoid conflict.
I tried to avoid her, but it was hard, considering we were in the same class.
I tried to avoid him as much as possible.
I tried to avoid looking at her eyes.
I tried to avoid meeting Tom.
I tried to avoid talking about it.
I tried to avoid talking about that.
I tried to avoid this.
I tried to be Tom's friend.
I tried to be a painter.
I tried to be aggressive.
I tried to be as quiet as I could.
I tried to be brave.
I tried to be calm, but finally I lost my temper.
I tried to be careful, but I ended up breaking a couple of bones.
I tried to be careful.
I tried to be casual.
I tried to be cautious.
I tried to be cooperative.
I tried to be evasive.
I tried to be fair.
I tried to be faithful.
I tried to be first.
I tried to be funny.
I tried to be good.
I tried to be honest.
I tried to be impartial.
I tried to be kind.
I tried to be like you.
I tried to be merciful.
I tried to be more aggressive.
I tried to be nice to Tom.
I tried to be nice.
I tried to be objective.
I tried to be open.
I tried to be optimistic.
I tried to be patient with Tom.
I tried to be patient.
I tried to be polite.
I tried to be quick.
I tried to be quiet.
I tried to be ready.
I tried to be respectful.
I tried to be romantic.
I tried to be strong.
I tried to be subtle.
I tried to be supportive.
I tried to be the woman that Fadil wanted me to be.
I tried to be the woman that Tom wanted me to be.
I tried to be too perfect.
I tried to blend in.
I tried to break down the door, but I found out that it is impossible.
I tried to break the door open, which I found impossible.
I tried to break the glass, but it didn't break.
I tried to break the window.
I tried to bribe Tom.
I tried to bring him to his senses.
I tried to buy a present.
I tried to call Mr Smith, but the line was busy.
I tried to call Tom again.
I tried to call Tom back.
I tried to call Tom.
I tried to call a doctor.
I tried to call for help.
I tried to call her back.
I tried to call her.
I tried to call him back.
I tried to call him up, but the line was busy.
I tried to call him, but the line was busy, and I couldn't get through.
I tried to call him, but the line was busy, and I couldn’t get through.
I tried to call him.
I tried to call on my memories of that day.
I tried to call them back.
I tried to call them.
I tried to call you a bunch of times but never got to talk to you.
I tried to call you at the airport, but all the payphones were out of order.
I tried to call you back.
I tried to call you from Australia.
I tried to call you from Boston.
I tried to call you from the airport, but all the payphones were out of order.
I tried to call you last night, but you didn't answer.
I tried to call you last night, but you didn’t answer.
I tried to call you yesterday evening. Were you out?
I tried to call you, but I couldn’t.
I tried to call you, but couldn't.
I tried to call you.
I tried to calm Tom down.
I tried to catch Tom.
I tried to catch him but the boy was too quick.
I tried to catch my breath.
I tried to catch the squirrel, but I couldn't.
I tried to catch up with Tom.
I tried to catch up.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn’t.
I tried to change my last name, but after months of bureaucracy and hundreds down the drain, I gave up and let myself stay a Ramsbottom.
I tried to change the subject as fast as possible.
I tried to change the subject as quickly as possible.
I tried to change the subject, but they went on talking about politics.
I tried to change the subject.
I tried to change the topic as fast as possible.
I tried to change the topic as quickly as I could.
I tried to change the topic as quickly as possible.
I tried to change.
I tried to cheer Tom up, but all he wanted was to be alone.
I tried to cheer Tom up.
I tried to cheer her up, but all she wanted was to be alone.
I tried to cheer her up, but she did nothing but cry.
I tried to cheer her up.
I tried to cheer him up.
I tried to climb over the wall.
I tried to close the discussions at noon, but my counterpart would not stop talking.
I tried to comfort Tom.
I tried to commit suicide.
I tried to communicate my feelings openly.
I tried to console Tom.
I tried to contact Tom by phone.
I tried to contact Tom.
I tried to contact you today but I couldn't. Did something happen to your phone?
I tried to contain my laughter.
I tried to convert her to Islam but she politely declined.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that again.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore.
I tried to convince Tom not to do that.
I tried to convince Tom not to give up.
I tried to convince Tom otherwise.
I tried to convince Tom to come home.
I tried to convince Tom to do that for me.
I tried to convince Tom to do that for us.
I tried to convince Tom to do that, but he said he wasn't interested.
I tried to convince Tom to do that, but he said that he wasn't interested.
I tried to convince Tom to do that.
I tried to convince Tom to go to Boston with Mary.
I tried to convince Tom to go to Boston with me.
I tried to convince Tom to help us.
I tried to convince Tom to leave.
I tried to convince Tom.
I tried to convince her in vain.
I tried to convince her, but I didn't succeed.
I tried to convince her, but without success.
I tried to convince her.
I tried to convince him of my innocence.
I tried to convince him that I was perfectly capable of it.
I tried to convince him to change the way he treats the children.
I tried to convince him to do it, but he was being mulish and refused.
I tried to convince him to try a second time.
I tried to convince him.
I tried to convince myself I hadn't done anything wrong.
I tried to convince myself that I hadn't done anything wrong.
I tried to convince myself that I was doing the right thing.
I tried to convince myself that he was doing the right thing.
I tried to convince myself that she was doing the right thing.
I tried to convince them.
I tried to correct my mistakes.
I tried to cover all the bases.
I tried to cut my bangs myself, but I cut off too much.
I tried to cut the rope with a pair of scissors.
I tried to cut the rope.
I tried to dance.
I tried to date a Kabyle girl.
I tried to deny it.
I tried to discourage Tom from doing that.
I tried to discourage Tom from going there.
I tried to discourage Tom, but he insisted on going there.
I tried to discourage Tom, but he went there anyway.
I tried to discourage him, but Tom was dead set on going there.
I tried to dissuade Tom from quitting his job.
I tried to dissuade Tom.
I tried to dissuade a friend of mine from getting married.
I tried to dissuade her.
I tried to dissuade him from participating in the project.
I tried to dissuade him.
I tried to dissuade my daughter-in-law, but she didn't listen to me.
I tried to dissuade my son from driving in that rain.
I tried to distract him, but it was in vain.
I tried to divert their attention without success.
I tried to do all I could.
I tried to do everything I could to revive Tom.
I tried to do everything I could to stop Mary.
I tried to do everything I could to stop Tom.
I tried to do everything by myself.
I tried to do everything that I could to stop Tom.
I tried to do everything you asked me to do.
I tried to do it alone.
I tried to do it carefully.
I tried to do it quickly.
I tried to do it that way once.
I tried to do it.
I tried to do my best.
I tried to do my homework, but I didn't really know how to do it, so I gave up.
I tried to do my homework, but I didn’t really know how to do it, so I gave up.
I tried to do something, but what was it?
I tried to do that as fast as I could.
I tried to do that as quickly as I could.
I tried to do that as quietly as I could.
I tried to do that by myself, but I couldn't.
I tried to do that by myself.
I tried to do that carefully.
I tried to do that once, but I couldn't.
I tried to do that once.
I tried to do that quickly.
I tried to do that that way once.
I tried to do that the day before yesterday.
I tried to do that the same way Tom did.
I tried to do that yesterday.
I tried to do that, but I couldn't.
I tried to do that, but I wasn't able to.
I tried to do that, but couldn't.
I tried to do that, but it was impossible.
I tried to do that, but wasn't able to.
I tried to do that.
I tried to do the right thing.
I tried to do the sensible thing.
I tried to do this, too.
I tried to do what I could to revive Tom.
I tried to do what Tom told me to do.
I tried to do what you asked me to do.
I tried to do whatever I could.
I tried to double my efforts.
I tried to draw a stick figure, but I failed when I started to draw the circle. It looked like a lopsided oval.
I tried to earn a living from fishing.
I tried to eat it, but I couldn't.
I tried to eat something.
I tried to efface the memory of her tears.
I tried to embarrass you.
I tried to encourage Tom.
I tried to enlist.
I tried to erase the memory of her crying.
I tried to escape.
I tried to explain it to Tom, but he refused to listen.
I tried to explain it to him, but he doesn't understand.
I tried to explain my idea to Tom.
I tried to explain my ideas to Tom.
I tried to explain my ideas.
I tried to explain that to Tom.
I tried to explain that to her, but the response was a slap in the face.
I tried to explain to him that we were not responsible for his mistake, but he refused to listen.
I tried to explain to my mother that humans are diurnal species, that it isn't good to stay up all night and keep irregular hours, but you know my mom, she doesn't listen to reason.
I tried to express my appreciation.
I tried to fall asleep.
I tried to feign indifference.
I tried to fight back.
I tried to fight.
I tried to figure out what happened.
I tried to figure out what went wrong.
I tried to find Tom's house.
I tried to find Tom.
I tried to find a better job, but I couldn't.
I tried to find a job.
I tried to find another job.
I tried to find her.
I tried to find him.
I tried to find out her telephone number.
I tried to find out how many people really live in this town.
I tried to find something to defend myself with.
I tried to find them.
I tried to find work.
I tried to find you.
I tried to fit in.
I tried to fix it myself.
I tried to fix it.
I tried to fix the leak by myself but couldn't.
I tried to fix the leak without success.
I tried to fix things.
I tried to flee this country.
I tried to fly.
I tried to focus my attention on reading.
I tried to follow his testimony.
I tried to follow the instructions.
I tried to follow your instructions.
I tried to fool Tom.
I tried to force myself to stay awake.
I tried to force myself to stay focused.
I tried to forget Tom.
I tried to forget it.
I tried to forget that she had cried.
I tried to forget you.
I tried to forget.
I tried to fulfill my duty.
I tried to gather my thoughts.
I tried to get Charles to help me, but he wouldn't.
I tried to get Charles to help me, but he wouldn’t.
I tried to get Mary to help me, but she wouldn't.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to help me, but they wouldn't.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to play with John.
I tried to get Tom to come.
I tried to get Tom to drive.
I tried to get Tom to give me advice.
I tried to get Tom to help Mary.
I tried to get Tom to help me, but he wouldn't.
I tried to get Tom to help me.
I tried to get Tom to help us.
I tried to get Tom to ignore Mary.
I tried to get Tom to laugh.
I tried to get Tom to learn how to do that.
I tried to get Tom to learn how to drive.
I tried to get Tom to learn to drive.
I tried to get Tom to smile.
I tried to get Tom to stop.
I tried to get Tom to study French.
I tried to get Tom to talk to Mary.
I tried to get Tom to tell me.
I tried to get Tom to wait.
I tried to get a cab.
I tried to get advice from Tom.
I tried to get away with it.
I tried to get back to sleep again.
I tried to get back to sleep.
I tried to get down every word he said.
I tried to get good marks.
I tried to get her to come.
I tried to get her to help us.
I tried to get her to stop.
I tried to get her to tell me.
I tried to get here on time.
I tried to get him to come.
I tried to get him to help us.
I tried to get him to learn to drive.
I tried to get him to show what his true nature was, but I couldn't.
I tried to get him to show what his true nature was, but I couldn’t.
I tried to get him to stop.
I tried to get him to tell me.
I tried to get hold of you.
I tried to get home by myself.
I tried to get in touch with Tom.
I tried to get in touch with him but was unsuccessful.
I tried to get in touch with the police.
I tried to get it, but in vain.
I tried to get it, but to no purpose.
I tried to get loose.
I tried to get my homework done on time.
I tried to get my point across but failed.
I tried to get on the bus.
I tried to get out from the cage.
I tried to get some rest.
I tried to get some sleep, but it wasn't too noisy.
I tried to get some sleep.
I tried to get that done before you got here.
I tried to get that job.
I tried to get the gun.
I tried to get them out of the cage.
I tried to get them to come.
I tried to get them to help us.
I tried to get them to stop.
I tried to get them to tell me.
I tried to get there 30 minutes early.
I tried to get there thirty minutes early.
I tried to get three tickets.
I tried to get to sleep again, but I felt restless and uncomfortable.
I tried to get to the bottom of things.
I tried to get to the other side.
I tried to get up at six this morning.
I tried to get up, but I fell down again.
I tried to get up.
I tried to get you to help us.
I tried to get you to stop.
I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn't take any.
I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn’t take any.
I tried to give him moral support.
I tried to give him some advice, but he just abused me violently.
I tried to give you a sense of my state of mind.
I tried to glue that broken vase back together.
I tried to go back to sleep, but the noise kept me awake.
I tried to go back to sleep.
I tried to go to the bank, but it was closed.
I tried to go upstairs.
I tried to grab Tom's arm.
I tried to guess Tom's age.
I tried to guess Tom's weight.
I tried to guess her age.
I tried to guess how old she is.
I tried to guess how old she was.
I tried to help Mary, but she said she didn't want my help.
I tried to help Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to help Tom and Mary do that.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they said they didn't want my help.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I tried to help Tom decide what to do.
I tried to help Tom do that.
I tried to help Tom escape from the kidnappers.
I tried to help Tom, but I couldn't.
I tried to help Tom, but he said he didn't want my help.
I tried to help Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I tried to help Tom.
I tried to help everyone I could.
I tried to help her, but there was no way I could.
I tried to help her.
I tried to help him in every way possible and imaginable.
I tried to help him, but I couldn't.
I tried to help him, but there was no way I could.
I tried to help him.
I tried to help my grandfather.
I tried to help out.
I tried to help the old lady.
I tried to help you.
I tried to help, but all I did was make matters worse.
I tried to help.
I tried to hide my disappointment.
I tried to hide.
I tried to hire Tom to take care of my children.
I tried to hire Tom.
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.
I tried to hit Tom.
I tried to hit the ball, but I couldn't.
I tried to hit the fly with a huge mallet.
I tried to hold back my tears.
I tried to hug Mary, but she pushed me away.
I tried to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to hug Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I tried to hug Tom, but he pushed me away.
I tried to hug Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I tried to hurry.
I tried to hypnotize Tom.
I tried to ignore Tom.
I tried to ignore that man.
I tried to ignore that.
I tried to ignore the pain.
I tried to ignore what was going on.
I tried to ignore what was happening.
I tried to imagine life on the moon.
I tried to impress Tom.
I tried to impress my coach.
I tried to impress my friends.
I tried to improve my Berber vocabulary a little bit.
I tried to install a new browser.
I tried to invent new sentences.
I tried to investigate his opinion indirectly.
I tried to involve them in the game.
I tried to keep Tom from doing that.
I tried to keep Tom from leaving.
I tried to keep a straight face.
I tried to keep calm.
I tried to keep from crying.
I tried to keep from laughing.
I tried to keep him out of it.
I tried to keep in with her in vain.
I tried to keep my balance.
I tried to keep my eye on the ball, but then the ball hit my eye.
I tried to keep my eyes open.
I tried to keep my teacher at a distance.
I tried to keep my voice calm.
I tried to keep myself from falling asleep.
I tried to keep smiling.
I tried to keep the conversation going.
I tried to keep track of his declaration.
I tried to keep up the conversation.
I tried to keep up with them, but eventually I fell behind.
I tried to keep warm.
I tried to keep you safe.
I tried to kill her.
I tried to kill myself three months ago.
I tried to kill myself twice.
I tried to kill myself.
I tried to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to kiss Mary.
I tried to kiss Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I tried to kiss Tom.
I tried to kiss her.
I tried to know my soul.
I tried to laugh.
I tried to learn Arabic to understand the true message of the Quran.
I tried to learn Berber.
I tried to learn Spanish and it seemed easy, but after a while all the words I learned started looking the same, and I always confused them with each other.
I tried to learn the guitar by myself.
I tried to learn the melody by heart.
I tried to learn this song by heart.
I tried to leave early, but people kept asking me for help.
I tried to leave early.
I tried to leave quietly.
I tried to leave, but Tom wouldn't let me go.
I tried to leave.
I tried to lift Tom.
I tried to listen to him carefully.
I tried to listen to the latest episode of that fintech podcast, but the audio quality was so bad that I couldn't get past the first five minutes.
I tried to look away.
I tried to look busy.
I tried to look innocent.
I tried to look interested.
I tried to lose weight.
I tried to love you, but you're not my type.
I tried to maintain my composure.
I tried to make Tom laugh.
I tried to make Tom stay.
I tried to make Tom stop.
I tried to make Tom talk.
I tried to make Tom wait.
I tried to make a deal.
I tried to make a run for it.
I tried to make amends.
I tried to make an inconspicuous exit from the party.
I tried to make both ends meet.
I tried to make friends with the classmates.
I tried to make friends.
I tried to make him happy, but I found it very difficult to do so.
I tried to make it as cheap as possible.
I tried to make it clear to him that we're not responsible for his mistakes, but he didn't want to hear it.
I tried to make myself comfortable.
I tried to make myself heard.
I tried to make myself understood, but in vain.
I tried to make pancakes.
I tried to make some sense of it all.
I tried to make sure that everyone had fun.
I tried to make sure that everyone was entertained.
I tried to make that perfectly clear.
I tried to make the best of it.
I tried to make the children laugh.
I tried to make the most of my chances.
I tried to make this fun.
I tried to make up with her, but it was impossible.
I tried to master English for more than ten years, but I failed!
I tried to meditate.
I tried to move the barrier.
I tried to move the piano by myself.
I tried to open a window.
I tried to open it, but I couldn't.
I tried to open the cage with all my strength, but without succeeding.
I tried to open the door with all my force.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't as it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't because it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't since it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn’t as it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but couldn't get it opened.
I tried to open the door, but it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but it was stuck.
I tried to open the door, but it wouldn't budge.
I tried to open the door, but it wouldn't open.
I tried to open the door.
I tried to open the hatch but it was not to be. The lock was rusty all over, I pulled the handle and it came off.
I tried to open the jar, but I couldn't.
I tried to open the safe.
I tried to open the window but I couldn't. That was when I realized that my car was buried under snow.
I tried to open the window, but it seems to be stuck.
I tried to open their eyes.
I tried to open your eyes.
I tried to outsmart Tom.
I tried to persuade Mary to come to Boston with us, but she said she had other things she had to do.
I tried to persuade Sam to give up his plan, only to fail.
I tried to persuade Tom and Mary to come to Boston with us, but they said they had other things they had to do.
I tried to persuade Tom not to do that.
I tried to persuade Tom to come home.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Australia with us, but he said he had other things he had to do.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Australia with us, but he said that he had other things he had to do.
I tried to persuade Tom to come to Boston with us, but he said he had other things he had to do.
I tried to persuade Tom to consult a doctor.
I tried to persuade Tom to do that, but I couldn't.
I tried to persuade Tom to do that.
I tried to persuade Tom to drive.
I tried to persuade Tom to go with us.
I tried to persuade Tom to help me.
I tried to persuade Tom to help us.
I tried to persuade Tom to help.
I tried to persuade Tom to join us.
I tried to persuade Tom to leave.
I tried to persuade Tom to wait.
I tried to persuade Tom, but I couldn't.
I tried to persuade Tom, but in vain.
I tried to persuade Tom.
I tried to persuade her in vain.
I tried to persuade her, but she was adamant.
I tried to persuade him by all possible means.
I tried to persuade him, but in vain.
I tried to phone Tom.
I tried to phone her.
I tried to phone him.
I tried to phone you.
I tried to pick Tom up.
I tried to play dumb.
I tried to play.
I tried to please him, which I found very difficult.
I tried to practice French with Tom.
I tried to practise Berber with him.
I tried to pretend I didn't care.
I tried to pretend I was something I wasn't.
I tried to pretend that I didn't care.
I tried to prevail on her to change his mind.
I tried to prevent that from happening.
I tried to prevent this from happening.
I tried to protect Tom.
I tried to protect you from all this.
I tried to protect you from this.
I tried to protect you.
I tried to put an end to the quarrel.
I tried to put aside my anger and make peace.
I tried to put in what I bought, but it wouldn't fit.
I tried to quit smoking.
I tried to raise Tom alone.
I tried to reach Tom.
I tried to reach him but the line was engaged.
I tried to reach the top shelf, but I couldn't.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
I tried to read a book.
I tried to read through the book, which I found impossible.
I tried to reason with Tom.
I tried to reason with her.
I tried to reason with him.
I tried to reason with them.
I tried to reason with you.
I tried to relax, but couldn't.
I tried to remain calm.
I tried to remain unafraid.
I tried to remove all doubt.
I tried to repair his damaged prestige.
I tried to repair it.
I tried to replicate Adriano's steak recipe, but it wasn't the same.
I tried to reschedule but all I got was a voicemail.
I tried to rescue Tom.
I tried to resist.
I tried to resuscitate Tom.
I tried to reveal him for what he really was, but it was impossible.
I tried to ring her.
I tried to ring him.
I tried to run away, but they caught me.
I tried to run away.
I tried to run fast.
I tried to run out of the house.
I tried to rush things.
I tried to save Tom.
I tried to save her.
I tried to save him.
I tried to save our relationship.
I tried to save you.
I tried to scare Tom.
I tried to scream.
I tried to see Tom today.
I tried to see him in the city yesterday.
I tried to see if I could do that.
I tried to see what was going on.
I tried to sell it.
I tried to sell my jewelry, but nobody wanted it.
I tried to sell my old car, but no one was interested in buying it.
I tried to sell my old car, but nobody was interested in buying it.
I tried to send the birthday card, but the post office wouldn’t accept it, so I’ll send it by email instead.
I tried to separate the two.
I tried to set a good example.
I tried to set by all the money I could earn.
I tried to set up the tent.
I tried to shake Tom awake.
I tried to shield you from all this.
I tried to shield you from this.
I tried to shoot Tom.
I tried to shoot the bear.
I tried to show Tom how to do that.
I tried to shut out the noise of the traffic, but it was of no avail.
I tried to sing that new song that Tom wrote.
I tried to sit up.
I tried to sleep, but I didn't succeed.
I tried to sleep, but I wasn't able to.
I tried to sleep.
I tried to smile.
I tried to sneak in.
I tried to sneak into the movie theater.
I tried to sneak out.
I tried to sneak up on Tom, but he noticed me right away.
I tried to solve the problem, but I couldn't.
I tried to solve the problem, but I couldn’t.
I tried to solve the problem, which I found impossible.
I tried to solve the riddle but couldn't.
I tried to solve the riddle, but I couldn't.
I tried to soothe the child.
I tried to sound brave.
I tried to sound out his views.
I tried to speak Chinese and Mr. Wang tried to speak French.
I tried to speak French to the clerk.
I tried to speak in Berber.
I tried to speak to Tom.
I tried to speak.
I tried to stab Tom.
I tried to stand up.
I tried to stare blankly out the window as the other transit passengers looked around in disbelief.
I tried to start a fire.
I tried to start the car.
I tried to stay as far from that dog as I could.
I tried to stay awake, but I fell asleep.
I tried to stay awake, but I soon fell asleep.
I tried to stay awake.
I tried to stay away from relationship drama in high school.
I tried to stay away.
I tried to stay busy.
I tried to stay calm.
I tried to stay clean.
I tried to stay focused.
I tried to stay inside the house all day, but I ended up going outside and sitting in the garden.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with Tom, but it was impossible.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her, but it was impossible.
I tried to stay up all night.
I tried to stay up.
I tried to steal the car.
I tried to stop Tom from hurting Mary.
I tried to stop Tom from leaving.
I tried to stop Tom.
I tried to stop her but she made off in a hurry.
I tried to stop her.
I tried to stop him but he made off in a hurry.
I tried to stop him, but he left me behind.
I tried to stop him.
I tried to stop that from happening.
I tried to stop the bleeding.
I tried to stop their quarrel eagerly.
I tried to stop their quarrel, but that was not easy.
I tried to stop their quarrel, but that wasn't easy.
I tried to stop them.
I tried to stop you.
I tried to straighten things out.
I tried to swim across the river.
I tried to swim against the river current.
I tried to swim up the river.
I tried to take a nap.
I tried to take care with the shadows, but it just doesn't go very well.
I tried to take care with the shadows, but it just doesn’t go very well.
I tried to take my chances.
I tried to take our dog out of our house.
I tried to talk Tom into coming home.
I tried to talk Tom into going with us.
I tried to talk Tom out of doing that.
I tried to talk Tom out of going.
I tried to talk Tom out of it, but he wouldn't listen.
I tried to talk Tom out of it.
I tried to talk a friend of mine out of getting married.
I tried to talk her out of going back to Tom.
I tried to talk her out of it.
I tried to talk him out of it, but he was adamant.
I tried to talk him out of it.
I tried to talk him out of the project, but in vain.
I tried to talk some sense into Tom.
I tried to talk some sense into him.
I tried to talk to Mary, but she ignored me.
I tried to talk to Tom about my feelings.
I tried to talk to Tom about that, but he wouldn't listen.
I tried to talk to Tom again.
I tried to talk to Tom in French.
I tried to talk to Tom today.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he ignored me.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he wouldn't listen to me.
I tried to talk to Tom.
I tried to talk to her.
I tried to talk to him in Berber.
I tried to talk to him.
I tried to talk to the people at the next table, but they snubbed me.
I tried to talk to the waiter in French.
I tried to talk to them.
I tried to talk to you.
I tried to talk.
I tried to teach Tom how to do that.
I tried to teach him everything I could.
I tried to teach myself how to play the guitar.
I tried to telephone you.
I tried to tell Tom that, but he wouldn't listen.
I tried to tell Tom that.
I tried to tell Tom we should have contacted you before coming.
I tried to tell Tom we should've contacted you before coming.
I tried to tell Tom what needed to be done, but he didn't seem to be paying attention.
I tried to tell Tom what was going on.
I tried to tell Tom what was going to happen.
I tried to tell Tom what was happening.
I tried to tell Tom, but he refused to listen.
I tried to tell Tom.
I tried to tell her, but she refused to listen.
I tried to tell her.
I tried to tell him.
I tried to tell it to you.
I tried to tell them.
I tried to tell you that three years ago.
I tried to tell you this before.
I tried to tell you.
I tried to think of a short way to explain that.
I tried to think of a way to edge him into the subject.
I tried to think of something nice to say.
I tried to tidy up a bit.
I tried to translate a beautiful sentence into Toki Pona. I know my teacher will soon correct the mistakes.
I tried to translate the sentence "The cat says 'meow'" into five languages, but none of the translations was correct.
I tried to translate the sentence "The cat says 'meow'" into five languages, but none of the translations were correct.
I tried to trick Tom.
I tried to trip Tom.
I tried to understand what had happened.
I tried to understand.
I tried to untie her.
I tried to visit Rima's house.
I tried to visit Tom in jail, but they wouldn't let me see him.
I tried to visit Tom in the hospital, but they said it was after visiting hours.
I tried to visit Tom.
I tried to volunteer to do that, but they didn't want my help.
I tried to wake Tom up.
I tried to wake him up.
I tried to wake you.
I tried to walk past Tom.
I tried to walk without my cane, but I wasn't able to.
I tried to warn Tom about her, but he won't listen to me.
I tried to warn Tom about that.
I tried to warn Tom, but he wouldn't listen.
I tried to warn Tom.
I tried to warn everyone.
I tried to warn her about Tom, but she won't listen to me.
I tried to warn her about him, but she won't listen to me.
I tried to warn her, but she doesn't listen to anyone.
I tried to warn her, but she wouldn't listen.
I tried to warn her, but she wouldn’t listen.
I tried to warn her.
I tried to warn him about her, but he won't listen to me.
I tried to warn him.
I tried to warn this might happen.
I tried to warn vou.
I tried to warn you that Tom and Mary were looking for you.
I tried to warn you that Tom was looking for you.
I tried to warn you.
I tried to wheedle him into telling me the answer.
I tried to whistle.
I tried to woo his sister, but she didn't want me.
I tried to work out what went wrong.
I tried to write a book.
I tried to write a poem.
I tried to write down everything he said.
I tried to write him.
I tried to write this sentence from a child's point of view.
I tried to write to Tom.
I tried to write with my left hand.
I tried to write with the left hand.
I tried translating it, but I'm not sure if it's right.
I tried twice, but neither try worked.
I tried unsuccessfully to persuade her.
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.
I tried very hard.
I tried vinegar bath once or twice, I don't remember.
I tried walking without my cane, but I couldn't.
I tried washing the shirt, but the stain remained.
I tried windsurfing once.
I tried with all my power to get the door open.
I tried writing a novel.
I tried writing in the "desu-masu" style, but I wonder if it's a bit too distant.
I tried writing more politely, but I wonder if it made me seem unapproachable.
I tried writing with my left hand.
I tried yelling.
I tried, but I couldn't do it.
I tried, but I couldn't get hold of him.
I tried, but I did not succeed.
I tried, but I didn't succeed.
I tried, but I failed.
I tried, but I wasn't able to contact him.
I tried, but I wasn't able to do it.
I tried, but I wasn't able to do that.
I tried, but couldn't do that.
I tried, only to fail.
I tried.
I trimmed my bangs.
I trimmed the hedge.
I trimmed the ivy.
I tripped and fell.
I tripped and nearly fell.
I tripped and sprained my ankle.
I tripped in the alleyway in the darkness, as I crashed my knees on the asphalt. There was a wooden board that covered a wire between houses across the alleyway. It was very dark there at night. My eyeglasses fell off my face. Luckily, a Cantonese labourer with a flashlight helped me. My knees just got scraped. I remember another time when I crashed on my knees. It was at Don José Heights in Quezon City in the Philippines. There was a vastness of Martianesque red soil, wherein the "talahib" grass grew. Sometimes, workers intentionally set the grass on fire. My brother and I were still playing, even then, outside. We were still prepubescent. Near burning grass, I stumbled on my knees. My grandmother, Lola Bebe, was so angry. A maid washed my legs in the big tiled sink behind the garage.
I tripped my sister.
I tripped on a stone and twisted my ankle.
I tripped on a stone, and if he hadn't caught me, I would have fallen into the gorge.
I tripped on a stone, twisting my ankle.
I tripped on the sidewalk.
I tripped on the steps.
I tripped over a stone and fell to the ground.
I tripped over a stone.
I tripped over a tree root and fell.
I tripped over the mat when I came in the house.
I tripped, but I didn't fall.
I tripped.
I trudged through the streets.
I truly apologize.
I truly appreciate it.
I truly appreciate your concern, but I don't want to talk about it right now.
I truly believe I am a bad person.
I truly believe I'm a bad person.
I truly believe he is a bad person.
I truly believe he's a bad person.
I truly believe in Islam.
I truly believe in that.
I truly believe she is a bad person.
I truly believe she's a bad person.
I truly believe that Tom is someone you can count on.
I truly believe that.
I truly believe they are bad people.
I truly believe they're bad people.
I truly didn't know you felt this way.
I truly didn't mean to lie to you.
I truly dislike snakes.
I truly do not understand the question.
I truly don't understand the question.
I truly don't understand.
I truly doubt it.
I truly enjoyed the video.
I truly enjoyed working with you.
I truly fear that nothing is left for us to eat.
I truly hope not.
I truly hope that you enjoyed my story.
I truly knew nothing.
I truly love winter.
I truly loved her.
I truly mean that.
I truly regret doing that.
I truly regret having to tell you this.
I truly regret that.
I truly sense the presence of God for the first time.
I truly struggle to accept the fact that I'm getting older with every passing day.
I truly understood who Muhammad, peace be upon him, was.
I truly value my friends and will never have "enough" or too many.
I trust Carlos's judgment as a colleague and value his opinions.
I trust God.
I trust I'm pronouncing that correctly.
I trust Ken.
I trust Richard, who is a man of his word.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
I trust Tom absolutely.
I trust Tom as much as anyone.
I trust Tom completely.
I trust Tom more than Mary.
I trust Tom more than anyone.
I trust Tom to show us the way.
I trust Tom will do what's best.
I trust Tom with my life.
I trust Tom won't let me down.
I trust Tom won't let us down.
I trust Tom's instincts.
I trust Tom's judgment.
I trust Tom, too.
I trust Tom.
I trust absolutely no one.
I trust all of you.
I trust computers only as far as I can throw them.
I trust her acumen.
I trust her more than anyone.
I trust her.
I trust him because he never tells a lie.
I trust him completely.
I trust him more than anyone.
I trust him to some extent.
I trust him with my secrets and he doesn't tell them to anybody.
I trust him.
I trust his executive ability.
I trust in his perspicacity.
I trust my decision.
I trust my enemies more than my friends.
I trust my friends.
I trust my instincts on this one.
I trust my instincts, regardless of your opinions.
I trust my intuition.
I trust my life destiny entirely.
I trust my life destiny.
I trust my priest.
I trust my religion.
I trust neither the government, nor the opposition. They're both the same shit.
I trust no one but myself.
I trust nobody. I don't even trust myself. I'm hopeless.
I trust religion.
I trust science.
I trust that China will go on to take a more active part.
I trust that I can see you again.
I trust that Tom will do what's best.
I trust that love flows to me from all directions.
I trust that they know what they are doing.
I trust that they won't let me down.
I trust that you'll carefully consider all factors and make the best decision possible.
I trust that, in the long run, I will not be a loser.
I trust the common sense of our community.
I trust the police.
I trust the room will be to your satisfaction.
I trust the teacher.
I trust them.
I trust they won't let me down.
I trust we understand each other.
I trust we're all alone.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I’d be very happy if they were my witnesses.
I trust you all.
I trust you and Tom.
I trust you completely.
I trust you had a pleasant drive, sir.
I trust you have no complaints.
I trust you know what I mean.
I trust you more than anyone else.
I trust you one hundred percent.
I trust you slept well.
I trust you to do the right thing.
I trust you to take care of your brother like a responsible young adult.
I trust you with it.
I trust you with the keys to my house.
I trust you won't let that happen again.
I trust you're well.
I trust you, don't worry.
I trust you, so you have to trust me, too.
I trust you, too.
I trust you.
I trust your ability to know what to do instinctively.
I trust your advice.
I trust your judgment.
I trust your promise.
I trusted Tom and I believed him.
I trusted Tom blindly.
I trusted Tom more than I should have.
I trusted Tom more than I should've.
I trusted Tom with my money.
I trusted Tom with the money.
I trusted Tom.
I trusted Ziri.
I trusted her and I believed her.
I trusted her, and she stabbed me in the back.
I trusted her.
I trusted him and I believed him.
I trusted him blindly.
I trusted him since he was wearing a suit.
I trusted him with all the money I had.
I trusted him with my secrets and he didn't tell them to anybody.
I trusted him with the money.
I trusted him, and he stabbed me in the back.
I trusted him.
I trusted my teacher.
I trusted nobody.
I trusted people too quickly in the past and just assumed everyone was good.
I trusted somebody who didn't deserve it.
I trusted somebody who didn't deserve my trust.
I trusted someone who didn't deserve it.
I trusted someone who didn't deserve my trust.
I trusted that you'd tell me everything.
I trusted them, and they stabbed me in the back.
I trusted them.
I trusted you and Tom.
I trusted you because you are my friend.
I trusted you with my secret and you betrayed me.
I trusted you, Sami.
I trusted you, Tom.
I trusted you, and you betrayed me.
I trusted you.
I truthfully believe my husband.
I try all things, I achieve what I can.
I try hard.
I try listening.
I try my best not to put anything off.
I try my best to be considerate.
I try my best to be stealthy and covert when waking up earlier than my family members.
I try my best, but I can't perform miracles.
I try my best.
I try my hardest to please my boyfriend, but it never seems to be enough.
I try never to be more than five minutes early.
I try not to be emotional.
I try not to be wasteful.
I try not to bother anyone.
I try not to clutter up my room with junk.
I try not to complain too much.
I try not to complain.
I try not to do that anymore.
I try not to drink caffeinated drinks very often.
I try not to drink too much caffeine.
I try not to drive home during rush hour.
I try not to dwell on the past.
I try not to eat anything after dinner.
I try not to eat between meals.
I try not to eat more than three eggs a week.
I try not to eat too much junk food.
I try not to eat too much.
I try not to even think about it.
I try not to get stressed out.
I try not to get too involved in the games I watch on TV, but I always end up in a bad mood if my favorite team loses.
I try not to have coffee in the evening.
I try not to judge my friends' decisions.
I try not to judge my friends’ decisions.
I try not to judge people visually or remotely.
I try not to laugh at my own jokes, but we all know I'm hilarious.
I try not to let my emotions affect my decisions.
I try not to let my emotions cloud my judgment.
I try not to let my emotions influence my decisions.
I try not to snore.
I try not to spend too much time out in the sun.
I try not to think about Tom too much.
I try not to think about her too much.
I try not to think about him too much.
I try not to think about it too much.
I try not to think about it.
I try not to use more paper than I need.
I try not to waste anything.
I try not to watch the news.
I try not to work on weekends.
I try not to worry about things like that.
I try not to worry about you.
I try not to worry.
I try to act appropriately.
I try to air my futon at least twice a week.
I try to always arrive at least five minutes ahead of time.
I try to always be kind to everyone.
I try to always be nice to Tom, even though he isn't nice to me.
I try to always be nice to Tom, even though he's not nice to me.
I try to always be polite.
I try to always be prepared.
I try to always do the same thing Tom and Mary do.
I try to always do the same thing Tom does.
I try to always drink milk with breakfast.
I try to always have a backup plan.
I try to always keep my promises.
I try to always remember to say thank you.
I try to always tell the truth.
I try to anticipate your every wish.
I try to anticipate your needs.
I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music.
I try to articulate words, but I can't speak.
I try to avoid Tom as much as possible.
I try to avoid arguments whenever I can.
I try to avoid arguments.
I try to avoid eating too much for my health.
I try to avoid ghettos.
I try to avoid going into the woods after dark.
I try to avoid him as much as possible.
I try to avoid large crowds.
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
I try to avoid stress.
I try to avoid talking about that.
I try to avoid this regionalism when speaking to an international audience.
I try to avoid using public restrooms.
I try to avoid walking by the cemetery after dark.
I try to avoid working at the weekend.
I try to avoid working at weekends.
I try to avoid working on weekends.
I try to be a good student, but I'm too old to learn.
I try to be aggressive.
I try to be as flexible as I can.
I try to be as honest as possible.
I try to be calmer these days. That outburst was a relapse into my old behavior.
I try to be cooperative.
I try to be innovative.
I try to be optimistic.
I try to be polite.
I try to be positive all the time.
I try to be positive every day.
I try to brush my teeth after every meal.
I try to clear things up, and this is the thanks I get?
I try to concentrate.
I try to contribute when I can.
I try to convince myself that I'm doing the right thing.
I try to cook something different every day.
I try to create the conditions for it to happen.
I try to decipher your motives.
I try to destroy an object using just my mind.
I try to distance myself from politics and it's inadequatenesses.
I try to do a little every day.
I try to do everything Tom won't.
I try to do it once a week.
I try to do my part to help the community.
I try to do that at least once a week.
I try to do that whenever I can.
I try to do what I can.
I try to eat a balanced diet.
I try to eat an apple a day.
I try to eat an apple every day.
I try to eat at least one apple a day.
I try to eat fast.
I try to eat fish at least once a week.
I try to eat healthily.
I try to eat healthy food.
I try to eat right.
I try to encourage a healthy understanding of sexuality.
I try to enjoy life.
I try to exercise at least an hour every day.
I try to exercise every day.
I try to explain.
I try to focus on one thing at a time.
I try to forget.
I try to fully enjoy each moment.
I try to get some exercise every day.
I try to get up at six.
I try to give these students advice whenever I can.
I try to go to Australia whenever I can.
I try to go to Boston whenever I can.
I try to go to the market from the house.
I try to have fun and not think about it.
I try to help Tom as much as I can.
I try to help Tom every chance I get.
I try to help Tom every chance that I get.
I try to help whoever asks me for help.
I try to hold back the tears, covering my eyes with my hands.
I try to ignore the pain.
I try to keep a low profile now.
I try to keep a low profile.
I try to keep as low a profile as possible.
I try to keep as many as I can.
I try to keep business and pleasure separate.
I try to keep current with important news.
I try to keep fit.
I try to keep her at arm's length.
I try to keep my promises.
I try to keep on top of the weeding, but new ones seem to spring up overnight.
I try to keep positive.
I try to keep up to date.
I try to lead a healthy lifestyle.
I try to lead an active lifestyle.
I try to learn something new every day.
I try to leave room for dessert.
I try to lie as rarely as possible.
I try to lie as seldom as possible.
I try to listen.
I try to live up to my own code of morality.
I try to live within my means and I don't take out loans.
I try to love everyone.
I try to make as few mistakes as possible.
I try to make learning Berber fun.
I try to never complain about the food.
I try to never eat after 8:00 p.m.
I try to never make the same mistake twice.
I try to never say bad things about other people.
I try to not eat too much junk food.
I try to not read the news.
I try to only eat healthy foods.
I try to only eat one meal a day.
I try to please everyone.
I try to please the crowd.
I try to practice piano at least thirty minutes a day.
I try to practice piano for at least thirty minutes a day.
I try to pull my dress up over my thighs so the panties I'm wearing don't show.
I try to put as few Latin words in my speech as I can.
I try to put myself in people's shoes.
I try to quit it.
I try to read a little French every day.
I try to read as many valuable books as I can.
I try to read at least a few pages a day.
I try to read at least a few pages every day.
I try to read something in French every day.
I try to save 10% of my wages each month.
I try to see the lighter side of things.
I try to set a good example.
I try to sleep well.
I try to speak German.
I try to speak a little French every day.
I try to spend as much time as I can in Australia.
I try to spend as much time as I can in Boston.
I try to spend as much time as I can with my children.
I try to spur you on to improve.
I try to stay active and healthy.
I try to stay away from crazy people.
I try to stay in good shape.
I try to stay informed.
I try to stay involved.
I try to stay on softer ground when running.
I try to stay positive all the time.
I try to stick to softer ground when I run.
I try to study math every day.
I try to swim a kilometer a day.
I try to take few medicines, if possible.
I try to talk to people in Berber all day.
I try to think.
I try to travel with only one suitcase.
I try to understand life.
I try to understand what happened.
I try to understand.
I try to use reusable bags and be a more green consumer.
I try to use that phrase sparingly - the negative connotation to it makes me want to spiral.
I try to use the pedestrian bridge in order to exercise.
I try to visit Tom whenever I can.
I try to walk at least a few kilometers every day.
I try to walk at least thirty minutes a day.
I try to walk three miles a day.
I try to watch live TV as much as possible instead of recordings.
I try to watch the news at least once a day.
I try to write at least three blog entries a week.
I try with all my might.
I try, but there's no way to forget you.
I try.
I trying to concentrate.
I tuck my children into bed every night.
I tucked her into bed, as snug as a bug in a rug.
I tugged on the rope.
I tumbled on the truth by the merest accident, when I'd pretty nearly chucked the whole job.
I tumbled on the truth by the merest accident, when I’d pretty nearly chucked the whole job.
I tuned my guitar.
I turn 30 next month. My 20's have been really fulfilling.
I turn 360 degrees and walk away.
I turn into a wolf at night.
I turn off the light, where does it go?
I turn on the lamp.
I turn on the lights again.
I turn on the television, a horror movie is on.
I turn over a page of the book.
I turn simple tasks into hard ones.
I turn the key, open the door ever so little to peep inside, and before I have taken a good square look, Mr. Barry Pain slams the door in my face, and I think I can hear him laughing on the other side at the bruise on my forehead.
I turn thirty tomorrow.
I turn to the left.
I turn to you, Mr. Holmes, as absolutely my last hope. If you fail me, then my honour as well as my position are forever forfeited.
I turned 16.
I turned 30 on October 20th.
I turned Linda down.
I turned Tom down.
I turned Tom in.
I turned a blind eye.
I turned and fled back into the woods.
I turned and ran into the woods.
I turned around and saw Tom.
I turned around to look at Tom.
I turned around.
I turned away as if I didn't like her.
I turned away as if I didn’t like her.
I turned away with a disgusted face.
I turned blue.
I turned down Tom's invitation.
I turned down Tom's offer.
I turned down the TV.
I turned down the idea of going for a walk and stayed at home.
I turned down the job.
I turned down the offer for personal reasons.
I turned down the offer.
I turned down the radio's sound.
I turned down the radio.
I turned down their offer.
I turned grey.
I turned her down.
I turned him down.
I turned in a paper yesterday.
I turned in my paper yesterday.
I turned in my report yesterday.
I turned in my test corrections last week, but my teacher refuses to put them in the gradebook.
I turned in the exam without reviewing it.
I turned into a pickle!
I turned into a small alleyway.
I turned it off.
I turned my computer back on.
I turned my computer off.
I turned my computer on.
I turned my face away.
I turned my ringer off.
I turned my steering wheel to the right.
I turned my work over to Tom.
I turned myself in to the police.
I turned myself in.
I turned off all the night.
I turned off my TV.
I turned off my computer.
I turned off my phone.
I turned off the TV and settled down to put the finishing touches to the report.
I turned off the TV because I had seen the movie before.
I turned off the TV.
I turned off the computer.
I turned off the engine.
I turned off the fan.
I turned off the flashlight.
I turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
I turned off the lamp.
I turned off the light as I left the room.
I turned off the light.
I turned off the lights.
I turned off the microphone.
I turned off the motor.
I turned off the overhead light.
I turned off the radio.
I turned off the tap.
I turned off the television.
I turned off the telly.
I turned on Linda.
I turned on a lamp.
I turned on my computer.
I turned on my flashlight, so I could see.
I turned on the TV and the Grand Prix was being broadcasted.
I turned on the TV to watch a movie.
I turned on the TV.
I turned on the air conditioner.
I turned on the fan and directed it to the wall.
I turned on the fan.
I turned on the fog lights.
I turned on the gas.
I turned on the heat.
I turned on the heater because it was very cold.
I turned on the lamp.
I turned on the light.
I turned on the lights.
I turned on the microphone.
I turned on the oven.
I turned on the radio and turned off the television.
I turned on the radio to listen to the news.
I turned on the radio.
I turned on the stove.
I turned on the tap.
I turned on the television, a horror movie was on.
I turned one of the balloons into a machine-gun.
I turned one off.
I turned one on.
I turned onto a gravel road.
I turned out all right.
I turned out the light and left the room.
I turned over and went back to sleep.
I turned over the business to my son.
I turned page after page.
I turned pale.
I turned red as a beet.
I turned red.
I turned right on Wong street.
I turned right.
I turned slightly to the right.
I turned the TV off.
I turned the TV on to watch a movie.
I turned the TV on.
I turned the TV up.
I turned the assignment in with three seconds to spare.
I turned the computer off.
I turned the corner and caught sight of a newly opened restaurant.
I turned the doorknob.
I turned the fan on.
I turned the handle.
I turned the house into a swimming pool.
I turned the job down.
I turned the key.
I turned the knob.
I turned the lamp off and fell asleep.
I turned the lamp off.
I turned the lamp on.
I turned the light off as I left the room.
I turned the light on.
I turned the lights off.
I turned the lights on.
I turned the lights out.
I turned the microphone off.
I turned the microphone on.
I turned the motor off.
I turned the music down.
I turned the other way, with my back to him.
I turned the oven on.
I turned the page.
I turned the radio down.
I turned the radio off.
I turned the radio up so loud that the walls shook.
I turned the stove on.
I turned the table upside down to fix it.
I turned the tap on.
I turned the television off.
I turned the telly off.
I turned the trailer into a house.
I turned them down.
I turned thirteen in 2003.
I turned thirty last October.
I turned thirty last week.
I turned thirty on October 20th.
I turned thirty yesterday.
I turned to Islam.
I turned to Tom.
I turned to him for advice.
I turned to my sister for a piece of advice.
I turned towards Tom.
I turned towards him.
I turned up the TV.
I turned up the heat.
I turned up the television.
I turned you into a fish.
I tutor English in my spare time.
I tutored Silya.
I twigged the whole game in a minnit.
I twisted my ankle.
I twisted my foot several times.
I twisted my foot.
I type fast on a computer keyboard.
I type fast with a computer keyboard.
I type faster than Tom, but slower than Mary.
I type quickly on a computer keyboard.
I type quickly with a computer keyboard.
I typed comments.
I unblocked the toilet.
I unbuckled my seat belt.
I unchained the door.
I unclenched my fist.
I unclogged the sink.
I unclogged the toilet.
I unconsciously removed my shirt.
I uncorked one.
I uncorked the wine.
I underestimated Tom.
I underestimated Tom. If someone told me then that Tom would do it, I wouldn't have believed them.
I underestimated her.
I underestimated him.
I underestimated how important this was.
I underestimated teenagers' ability to delude themselves.
I underestimated the weight of the matter.
I underestimated them.
I underestimated you, Tom.
I underestimated you.
I underline critical issues.
I underlined all the words I didn't know.
I underlined all the words that I didn't know.
I underlined key points in the book.
I underlined the most important words.
I undermine my own happiness.
I understand Berber.
I understand English, but I can't speak it.
I understand French a little.
I understand French and English.
I understand French better than I can speak it.
I understand French better than I speak it.
I understand French fairly well when I read it, but I have trouble understanding spoken French.
I understand French, but I can't speak it very well.
I understand French, but I can't speak it.
I understand French.
I understand I can get a bus to Disneyland from here.
I understand I may not match your idea of me.
I understand Irish, but I can't speak it.
I understand Italian better than I can speak it.
I understand Japanese a little.
I understand Polish.
I understand Russian.
I understand Scottish Gaelic, but I can't speak it.
I understand Tom and Mary have been sick.
I understand Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
I understand Tom and Mary were together last night.
I understand Tom did something he shouldn't have done.
I understand Tom didn't to do that.
I understand Tom does that sometimes.
I understand Tom had some sort of accident.
I understand Tom has been sick.
I understand Tom is inside.
I understand Tom is leaving Australia tonight.
I understand Tom salted away a good deal for his old age.
I understand Tom was here yesterday.
I understand Tom was there.
I understand Tom's disappointment.
I understand Tom's frustration.
I understand Tom's perspective.
I understand Tom's point of view.
I understand Tom's point.
I understand Tom's position.
I understand Tom.
I understand Turkish.
I understand Welsh, but I can't speak it.
I understand a bit of German.
I understand a little French, but I can't speak it very well.
I understand a little French, but I can't speak it.
I understand a little French.
I understand a little, but I cannot speak.
I understand a new vaccine is being tested.
I understand a sentence in Portuguese better when I compare it with its translation into Galician.
I understand absolutely nothing.
I understand all too well.
I understand and respect your intention.
I understand better than you think.
I understand completely.
I understand every Berber word you say.
I understand everything I hear in Berber songs.
I understand everything in Berber.
I understand everything now and I regret that Tom is not here with me now.
I understand everything now and I regret that Tom isn't here with me now.
I understand everything now.
I understand everything you just said.
I understand everything you said.
I understand everything.
I understand exactly what Tom is feeling.
I understand exactly what Tom is going through.
I understand exactly what you mean.
I understand exactly what you're saying.
I understand finally.
I understand her frustration.
I understand her, but on the other hand I don't think she's right.
I understand her, but on the other hand I don’t think she’s right.
I understand her.
I understand him to be happy.
I understand him to be satisfied.
I understand him.
I understand his anger.
I understand his frustration.
I understand his point in a way.
I understand how Tom feels.
I understand how angry Tom must feel.
I understand how difficult it is to be with me.
I understand how difficult this is for you.
I understand how good Tom is.
I understand how hard it is for you.
I understand how hard this is.
I understand how much you want to go to the party, but I can't let you go.
I understand how serious things are.
I understand how to solve the problem.
I understand how you are feeling.
I understand how you feel.
I understand how you felt.
I understand how you must be feeling but remember that haste makes waste.
I understand how you're feeling.
I understand if you're busy. I'll be here anytime you're ready.
I understand if you're hesitant to forgive me, but please believe in my ability to change.
I understand it a little, but I can't speak it.
I understand it a little, but I can’t speak it.
I understand it all now.
I understand it better than I speak it.
I understand it can be hard sometimes.
I understand it more or less.
I understand it now, or at least I think I do.
I understand it now.
I understand it's going to get hot again.
I understand it, but I still don't agree with it.
I understand it.
I understand it’s going to get hot again.
I understand more Berber than I can speak.
I understand more than I can say.
I understand more than I speak.
I understand more than you realize.
I understand more than you think.
I understand my business correctly.
I understand my kids.
I understand my role.
I understand no English and German even less.
I understand no one wants to help us.
I understand nobody wants to help us.
I understand nothing about art.
I understand nothing of it.
I understand now what you were trying to tell me.
I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
I understand now why he didn’t go to a university.
I understand now.
I understand perfectly.
I understand she has hard feelings towards me; I hurt her.
I understand that I can get a bus to Disneyland from here.
I understand that I have to consider your needs.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
I understand that Tom always does that.
I understand that Tom and Mary are leaving Boston tonight.
I understand that Tom and Mary do that.
I understand that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I understand that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
I understand that Tom didn't to do that.
I understand that Tom does that sometimes.
I understand that Tom does that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like doing that.
I understand that Tom doesn't like to do that.
I understand that Tom is hurt.
I understand that Tom is leaving Australia tonight.
I understand that Tom is leaving Boston tonight.
I understand that Tom is on a tight schedule, but I'd really appreciate it if I could get an appointment with him.
I understand that Tom liked that.
I understand that a mistake has been made.
I understand that a stable-boy sleeps there alone every night. Perhaps that is his supper which you are carrying to him.
I understand that divorce is a serious step, but it's necessary for my happiness.
I understand that feeling.
I understand that he's angry.
I understand that he's something of a famous personality.
I understand that it can be hard sometimes.
I understand that it's my fault.
I understand that it's not fair.
I understand that life without love is impossible for me.
I understand that no one wants to help us.
I understand that nobody wants to help us.
I understand that now.
I understand that relationships are difficult, but being with you is becoming unbearable to me.
I understand that sooner or later Tom will want to do that.
I understand that the museum is closed on Monday.
I understand that they are a thorn in the eye to people like you, but this is simply pathetic.
I understand that they're going to increase the staff.
I understand that this decision is difficult for you.
I understand that this decision will be difficult for you.
I understand that this is a difficult decision for you.
I understand that this is a gamble.
I understand that this isn't an easy task for you.
I understand that this makes you angry.
I understand that this sounds far-fetched, but in order to understand Exodus you have to see the bigger picture.
I understand that would be difficult.
I understand that you and Tom are planning to get married.
I understand that you are a student here.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
I understand that you have dual citizenship.
I understand that you may have good intentions, but ultimately, the decisions regarding my children's education lie with me.
I understand that you want to join our team.
I understand that you want to sell your house.
I understand that you're a good friend of Tom's.
I understand that you're a student here.
I understand that you're angry.
I understand that you're upset now.
I understand that you've begun to do that.
I understand that you've started doing that.
I understand that.
I understand the allusion.
I understand the book arrived by mail?
I understand the concept.
I understand the consequences.
I understand the difference, but I'd like to know how you'd say it in other words.
I understand the feeling.
I understand the frustration.
I understand the general approach, but I'm afraid that I'm getting bogged down in the details.
I understand the general approach, but I’m afraid that I’m getting bogged down in the details.
I understand the grammar and how it gives sentences meaning, but I can't produce it correctly.
I understand the importance of boundaries and refrain from meddling in others' affairs.
I understand the importance of change.
I understand the issues.
I understand the language, but I'm not comfortable speaking it.
I understand the museum is closed on Monday.
I understand the museum is closed on Mondays.
I understand the premise.
I understand the problem.
I understand the reason for it.
I understand the reason.
I understand the risk.
I understand the risks.
I understand the rule.
I understand the rules of the game.
I understand the rules.
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
I understand the situation.
I understand the song, thank God.
I understand the value of money.
I understand the way you feel.
I understand the words but not the meaning.
I understand the words, but not the meaning.
I understand their feelings.
I understand them now.
I understand them.
I understand there has been a recent vacancy in your store.
I understand things fast.
I understand things. I have a mouth and I can speak.
I understand this is a difficult decision for you.
I understand this job is very demanding.
I understand this used to be Tom's.
I understand this, more or less.
I understand this, that the faces of all are turned toward me.
I understand this.
I understand very well.
I understand well!
I understand what I'm saying.
I understand what happened in the old world, but that's not how things work here.
I understand what happened.
I understand what he's saying, but I don't know what he's talking about.
I understand what he's trying to say.
I understand what he’s trying to say.
I understand what she's saying.
I understand what the problem is.
I understand what they want.
I understand what they're saying.
I understand what you expect me to do.
I understand what you mean now.
I understand what you mean, but I'm not sure how to translate it.
I understand what you mean.
I understand what you meant.
I understand what you said.
I understand what you say, but I have trouble internalizing the message.
I understand what you say.
I understand what you want me to do.
I understand what you want to say, but I cannot act according to what you say.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I can't do that.
I understand what you're asking me to do, but I won't do that.
I understand what you're going through.
I understand what you're saying intellectually, but it doesn't resonate with me emotionally.
I understand what you're saying.
I understand what you're trying to say.
I understand what you're trying to tell me.
I understand what you’re saying.
I understand what's going on.
I understand what's happening.
I understand what's said and written, but it's hard for me to speak.
I understand when they talk.
I understand where they're coming from.
I understand why Tom acted that way.
I understand why Tom acts that way.
I understand why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
I understand why Tom and Mary want to do that.
I understand why Tom asked that question.
I understand why Tom behaves that way.
I understand why Tom behaves the way he does.
I understand why Tom did that.
I understand why Tom didn't want to do that.
I understand why Tom does that.
I understand why Tom doesn't want to do that.
I understand why Tom got angry with me.
I understand why Tom is angry.
I understand why Tom is so popular.
I understand why Tom is upset.
I understand why Tom wanted to do that.
I understand why Tom wants to do that.
I understand why Tom would do that.
I understand why Tom would want to do that.
I understand why Tom would want to phone Mary.
I understand why Tom wouldn't do that.
I understand why Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I understand why we did that.
I understand why we're doing this.
I understand why you did that.
I understand why you don't like Boston.
I understand why you don't want to do that.
I understand why you feel that way.
I understand why you hate it.
I understand why you like this place so much.
I understand why you want to do that.
I understand why you were there.
I understand why you're angry.
I understand why you're concerned.
I understand why you're here.
I understand why you're upset.
I understand why.
I understand you and Tom were together last night.
I understand you are going to spend your vacation in New Zealand.
I understand you better than he does.
I understand you better than she does.
I understand you had a fight with Tom yesterday.
I understand you had a little talk with Tom.
I understand you had an interesting day.
I understand you have a job to do.
I understand you have a problem and want some help.
I understand you have a problem.
I understand you have dual citizenship.
I understand you have some questions.
I understand you know a lot about Australia.
I understand you know a lot about Boston.
I understand you made quite an impression.
I understand you met with Tom recently.
I understand you need to speak with Tom.
I understand you only too well.
I understand you perfectly.
I understand you quite well.
I understand you so much.
I understand you to a certain degree.
I understand you turned the job down.
I understand you very well.
I understand you well.
I understand you went to bat for Tom.
I understand you were Tom's best friend.
I understand you were close to Tom.
I understand you were friends with Tom.
I understand you were the last one to see Tom.
I understand you when you don't speak very quickly.
I understand you wish to contact your husband.
I understand you wish to speak with Tom.
I understand you without words.
I understand you!
I understand you're a personal friend of Tom's.
I understand you're a student here.
I understand you're going to Australia next week.
I understand you're going to Boston next week.
I understand you're in a difficult position.
I understand you're interested in the history of this place.
I understand you're looking for a record album of nursery rhymes.
I understand you're planning a trip.
I understand you're scared.
I understand you're upset, but you need to calm down so we can discuss this civilly.
I understand you're visiting from America.
I understand you're visiting from Australia.
I understand you've been looking for me.
I understand you.
I understand your Cantonese.
I understand your French.
I understand your anger.
I understand your argument, and you make some really good points. But I don't like you, so I disagree with everything you said.
I understand your arguments. I disagree with them, but I understand them.
I understand your concern.
I understand your concerns but I have nothing to do about it.
I understand your concerns.
I understand your dilemma.
I understand your disgust.
I understand your feelings and thoughts even without words.
I understand your feelings.
I understand your frustration.
I understand your intentions.
I understand your language.
I understand your motives for doing that.
I understand your point of view, but I see things differently now.
I understand your point of view, but don't agree with it.
I understand your point.
I understand your position perfectly.
I understand your problem.
I understand your reasons.
I understand your situation.
I understand your thinking.
I understand your words.
I understand you’re looking for a record album of nursery rhymes.
I understand you’re visiting from America.
I understand!
I understand, Holmes, that you are turning to practical ends those powers with which you used to amaze us?
I understand, but I can't agree.
I understand, but I cannot agree.
I understand, but I don't know how to answer in Kadazan language.
I understand, but not really.
I understand, but that's the way things are. You have to accept it.
I understand, but you have to try to stay calm.
I understand, thank you.
I understand, you were joking.
I understand.
I understand. However, it's not important. I was just asking.
I understand. Many thanks.
I understand. Thank you for explaining it to me.
I understand. Thank you so much.
I understand. Thank you very much.
I understood Tom's plan.
I understood Tom's point of view.
I understood absolutely nothing.
I understood all that stuff.
I understood almost everything Tom said.
I understood almost everything they said.
I understood almost everything.
I understood almost nothing.
I understood already.
I understood alright.
I understood early.
I understood everything Tom said.
I understood everything that you said to me.
I understood everything you said.
I understood everything.
I understood for the first time in my life what falling deeply in love was.
I understood from his accent that he was an American.
I understood her feelings and thoughts even without words.
I understood how to live Islam.
I understood how to solve the problem.
I understood immediately that he was a goner.
I understood immediately that he was as good as dead.
I understood immediately that he wasn't going to make it.
I understood immediately that his case was hopeless.
I understood immediately what Tom meant.
I understood it perfectly.
I understood it without words.
I understood nothing.
I understood one.
I understood only at a much later time.
I understood she was American from her accent.
I understood something was wrong.
I understood that it was a great lie that she wanted to become an actress.
I understood that reference.
I understood that something was wrong.
I understood that text.
I understood that the rumor was true.
I understood that.
I understood the message.
I understood the pressure to deliver results.
I understood the reason for this.
I understood them.
I understood very well.
I understood what Rima meant.
I understood what Skura meant.
I understood what Tom meant.
I understood what Tom was trying to say.
I understood what he said.
I understood what he was saying.
I understood what she said in Berber.
I understood what she said.
I understood what the man said in French.
I understood what you meant.
I understood why he was pretty freaked out.
I understood you guys.
I understood you very well.
I understood you.
I understood your feelings and thoughts even without words.
I understood your letter with the help of a dictionary.
I understood your problem.
I understood your thoughts and feelings without a word.
I understood.
I understood. I don't need a translation.
I undertake to do that.
I undertook responsibility for him.
I underwent major surgery last year.
I undid his collar and poured the cold water over his face.
I undress you.
I undressed Tom.
I unearthed one.
I unexpectedly met an old friend of mine on the bus yesterday.
I unexpectedly met my teacher at the restaurant last night.
I unexpectedly ran into him at the airport yesterday.
I unfolded one.
I unfolded the map on the desk.
I unfolded the map.
I unfolded the sofa bed for our guests.
I unfortunately cannot answer that.
I unfortunately did not have another choice.
I unfortunately don’t understand that. That’s too complicated for me.
I unfortunately drew a wrong conclusion.
I unfortunately have no idea.
I unfriended her on Facebook.
I unholstered my firearm.
I unintentionally fell asleep on the sofa.
I unintentionally took his umbrella.
I unlatched the door.
I unlinked this from the unrelated English sentence and linked it to a new translation.
I unloaded the car.
I unlocked my full potential.
I unlocked the cage and let the rabbits out.
I unlocked the cage.
I unlocked the door and walked into the room.
I unlocked the door.
I unlocked the entrance for them.
I unlocked the front gate.
I unlocked the gate.
I unlocked the safe.
I unpacked my suitcase.
I unplugged my computer.
I unplugged the TV.
I unplugged the iron.
I unplugged the lamp.
I unrolled my sleeping bag and crawled in.
I unscrewed the lid.
I unsuccessfully tried to translate this sentence into Toki Pona.
I untangle my hair monthly.
I untied the knot.
I untied the ribbon.
I unwillingly undertook it.
I unwrapped the package.
I update my blog every day.
I update my blog every month.
I update my blog every week.
I updated my profile.
I updated my software.
I updated the software to the latest version.
I updated your software.
I upgraded.
I uplift the moods of people nearby.
I upload a file, and you will download it later.
I upload a file, and you'll download it later.
I upload all my recipes on my blog.
I uploaded new videos.
I uploaded one.
I uploaded three videos to YouTube today.
I urge caution.
I urge everyone to do the same.
I urge that this plan be postponed.
I urge that you all read carefully.
I urge you to engage in activities that uplift your spirit, rather than using passive-aggressive remarks as a means of interaction.
I urge you to read the contract carefully.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
I urge you to wait outside.
I urged Keiko to stop using people for her own convenience.
I urged Mary to do what she wanted.
I urged Tom to apply for that job.
I urged Tom to do it.
I urged Tom to do that.
I urged Tom to do this.
I urged Tom to do what he wanted to do.
I urged Tom to do what he wanted.
I urged Tom to learn French.
I urged Tom to leave.
I urged Tom to return to Australia.
I urged Tom to return to Boston.
I urged Tom to study French.
I urged Tom to wait.
I urged him to get away and cool down.
I urged him to quit smoking.
I urgently need a doctor.
I urgently need a job.
I urgently need help.
I urgently need money right now.
I urgently need money.
I urgently need some money.
I urgently need to find Tom.
I urgently need to go to the bathroom.
I urgently need to go to the dentist.
I urgently need to speak to Tom.
I urgently need to talk to Tom.
I urgently need you.
I urgently need your help!
I urgently need your help.
I urinate a tremendous amount at a time.
I urinate every hour.
I urinate involuntarily.
I urinate more often than usual.
I urinate very little.
I urinated.
I use "Yahoo" to browse the internet.
I use Ableton to make music.
I use Arch btw!
I use Berber a lot.
I use Berber all day long.
I use Berber at home.
I use Berber every day.
I use Berber on a daily basis.
I use Duolingo to study languages. And you?
I use English-learning resources, meant for Japanese people, to learn Japanese.
I use Firefox.
I use French a lot for my job, but I still prefer speaking English.
I use French a lot.
I use French almost every day.
I use French at home.
I use French every day.
I use Google almost every day.
I use Google every day.
I use Jotoba as Japanese dictionary.
I use Memrise and am learning to speak in Interlingua!
I use Outlook's scheduler at work and I think I'd like to buy a PDA and synchronize them.
I use Outlook’s scheduler at work and I think I’d like to buy a PDA and synchronize them.
I use Snapchat.
I use Tamazight every day.
I use Tatoeba every day.
I use Toki Pona.
I use Twitter.
I use Windows 7 in my PC.
I use Windows for Workgroups 3.11 on my computer as an operating system.
I use Yahoo! for Internet searches.
I use Yahoo! to search on the internet.
I use YouTube to learn Berber.
I use a Mac, I can't open Windows 95 files.
I use a Mac, I can't open a Windows 95 file.
I use a big pot to cook soup.
I use a blow dryer to dry my hair.
I use a broom and he uses a vacuum cleaner.
I use a computer every day.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than I use cash.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than cash.
I use a dictionary when I don't understand the meaning of words.
I use a different accent each time I talk with Tom.
I use a double-storey 'a' when writing by hand.
I use a duvet in winter.
I use a firewall.
I use a flashlight to illuminate dark areas.
I use a flashlight to inspect my throat.
I use a free version.
I use a frying pan at least once a day.
I use a keyboard and mouse with my computer.
I use a lot of open source software.
I use a measuring cup when baking bread.
I use a measuring cup when baking.
I use a number of apps to study French.
I use a ruler to measure my cock.
I use a three-ring binder for all my subjects instead of a notebook for each one.
I use a wide variety of words in my own speech.
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese.
I use all kinds of software to study French.
I use an anonymous IP address.
I use an app to learn Berber.
I use an electric toothbrush.
I use an online Berber-to-English dictionary.
I use animals to instruct men.
I use animals to instruct people.
I use apps to practice French.
I use as much Berber as I can.
I use birth control.
I use bleach to disinfect my towels.
I use chickpeas in my salads.
I use chlorine to clean the purple starfish. Then, I dry them under the sun.
I use chlorine to clean the starfish.
I use computers.
I use different methods to learn Berber.
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary.
I use flashcards to help me learn vocabulary.
I use flashcards to remember new words.
I use flashcards to study French vocabulary.
I use it after getting on public transportation.
I use it as both a television and a monitor.
I use it daily.
I use it every day.
I use it sometimes.
I use it to light the fire.
I use it.
I use laundry detergent.
I use many things.
I use money for buying clothes.
I use my VISA card.
I use my computer to do various jobs in Excel.
I use my index finger to point.
I use my microwave oven almost every day.
I use my socks as a cum container.
I use my socks as a semen container.
I use my socks as a sperm container.
I use numbered index cards for each student.
I use ordinary slips of paper as bookmarks.
I use petroleum jelly instead of lotion to moisturize my skin.
I use profanity not to swear, but to hold a conversation.
I use solar panels.
I use sunscreen.
I use tar soap, and I’ve noticed I feel anxious after showering. Could it be related?
I use tarot cards almost every day.
I use tarot cards every day.
I use that computer.
I use that little flag as a placeholder.
I use the "Firefox" browser.
I use the Amazigh keyboard for writing.
I use the Internet as a resource for my research.
I use the computer.
I use the fork.
I use the internet for business.
I use the internet in the bathroom.
I use the internet professionally.
I use the internet to do business.
I use the knife that you gave me quite often.
I use the knife you gave me quite often.
I use the lift.
I use the pen you gave me.
I use the program Tajpi to put hats on my letters.
I use the room with my sister.
I use the sardine as bait.
I use the subject line to determine the contents so please fill it in.
I use the word in a tongue-in-cheek fashion.
I use this all the time.
I use this app to learn Berber.
I use this bowl for cooking jelly.
I use this computer.
I use this desk.
I use this every day.
I use this expression very rarely.
I use this knife every day.
I use this spreadsheet to keep track of my monthly spending.
I use this website. You've probably never heard of it. It's called Tatoeba.
I use this.
I use to work as a taxi driver?
I use towels every day.
I use various software to study French.
I use wet wipes instead of toilet paper.
I use wooden clothespins.
I use worms as bait.
I use your extension on Perplexity, that is my main search engine now.
I used Berber a lot.
I used Rima for attention.
I used Tom's hatchet.
I used Tom's idea.
I used a candle snuffer to snuff out the candle.
I used a combination of Swedish and deep tissue massage to help him unwind.
I used a computer in order to save time.
I used a fake ID.
I used a knife to cut the cake.
I used a ladle to stir the soup.
I used a lambic ferment to capture some really funky flavours.
I used a map during my trip.
I used a pair of socks as mittens.
I used a photo of my dog for my desktop wallpaper.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
I used a screwdriver to turn the screw, but it just didn't want to turn.
I used a screwdriver to turn the screw, but it just didn’t want to turn.
I used a spirit level to make sure the shelf was perfectly horizontal.
I used a spoon to eat your soup.
I used a stencil to make this.
I used a tape measure to get the accurate dimensions.
I used a tuner to tune the violin.
I used all the energy I had.
I used cardboard to make this box.
I used corn in a vegetable medley.
I used cytometry to examine my girlfriend's blood and tissue samples and determined she could not be easily killed.
I used deep pressure techniques to help her relax and release tension.
I used gentle pressure techniques to help her relax and prepare for childbirth.
I used gloves, and yet I still burned myself.
I used guesswork for all my answers on this test and they were all correct.
I used his beheaded body as a shield.
I used it to light the fire.
I used it when I was in China last summer.
I used it.
I used many things.
I used margarine instead of butter.
I used much money for the repair of a clock.
I used my driver's license to identify myself.
I used my driver’s license to identify myself.
I used my imagination to predict the future.
I used my imagination.
I used my key.
I used my knife to sharpen the pencil.
I used my savings to buy it.
I used my windshield wiper to clean the snow on my window.
I used one of my old shirts as a rag.
I used one.
I used some of the walnuts you gave me in these cookies.
I used that blue piece of cloth you gave me to make a shirt for Tom.
I used that canteen you gave me when I went mountain climbing last summer.
I used that green piece of cloth you gave me as a table cloth.
I used that yellow piece of cloth you gave me to make curtains for my bedroom.
I used the bathroom in Berber class.
I used the bidet before dressing.
I used the broiler to make an open-faced sandwich.
I used the exact same words in Berber.
I used the knife to cut the cake.
I used the lemons that Tom gave me to make lemonade.
I used the mistletoe as an excuse to kiss him.
I used the new corkscrew that Tom gave me to open the bottle of wine that Mary gave me.
I used the phone.
I used the phrase she suggested in my poem.
I used the red plastic bag to cover the empty cookie jar's mouth.
I used the same excuse as you just did.
I used the spoon Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
I used the spoon that Tom gave me last Christmas to serve the pudding.
I used the time to relax.
I used the wrong word.
I used this plate.
I used this table.
I used this workbench to construct a birdhouse.
I used those flowers to spruce up the house.
I used to a lot.
I used to admire Tom.
I used to adore you, but now I despise you.
I used to always blame myself for what they did to me and punish myself by isolating myself from the world.
I used to always go for a walk before dinner.
I used to always walk to school.
I used to always wear a watch, but now I could care less about the time.
I used to ask many questions when I was little.
I used to ask myself that same question.
I used to babysit Tom.
I used to babysit her.
I used to babysit him.
I used to babysit them.
I used to babysit you.
I used to be Catholic.
I used to be Mary's boyfriend.
I used to be Tom's French teacher.
I used to be Tom's employee.
I used to be Tom's girlfriend.
I used to be a DJ for my university's radio station.
I used to be a French rabbit.
I used to be a French teacher.
I used to be a barber.
I used to be a basketball coach.
I used to be a better chess player than Tom.
I used to be a bit cleaner.
I used to be a bit more fastidious.
I used to be a bus driver.
I used to be a businessman.
I used to be a butcher.
I used to be a butler.
I used to be a cat lover.
I used to be a coal miner.
I used to be a cook many years ago.
I used to be a cop.
I used to be a dancer.
I used to be a drug addict.
I used to be a farmer.
I used to be a forest ranger.
I used to be a furry, but I'm proud to say I'm now an avian.
I used to be a gardener.
I used to be a good boxer.
I used to be a heroin addict.
I used to be a history teacher.
I used to be a landlord.
I used to be a locksmith.
I used to be a lot more creative.
I used to be a neoliberal.
I used to be a night owl, but now I'm an early riser.
I used to be a night owl, but now I’m an early riser.
I used to be a nihilist.
I used to be a nomad.
I used to be a picky eater, but nowadays I love trying new foods.
I used to be a planner, but now I'm a wreckless punk.
I used to be a planner, but now I’m a wreckless punk.
I used to be a plumber.
I used to be a pretty good clarinetist.
I used to be a pretty good dancer.
I used to be a prison guard.
I used to be a professional musician.
I used to be a singer in a heavy metal band.
I used to be a stark example of an armchair Internet warrior.
I used to be a strong man.
I used to be a teacher here.
I used to be a teacher.
I used to be a vegetarian.
I used to be a volunteer fireman.
I used to be a waiter at a fancy restaurant.
I used to be a waiter.
I used to be able to do that, but not anymore.
I used to be able to do that.
I used to be able to do this much faster.
I used to be able to play that song.
I used to be able to play the trumpet.
I used to be able to see the garden from this window.
I used to be able to sing that song.
I used to be able to speak French better than I do now.
I used to be afraid of Tom.
I used to be afraid of dogs.
I used to be afraid of owls.
I used to be afraid of snakes.
I used to be afraid of spiders.
I used to be afraid of traveling alone, but now I see it as an opportunity to experience new cultures and meet new people.
I used to be an addict.
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee.
I used to be angry a lot when I was a kid.
I used to be anti-social but now I like meeting new people.
I used to be as optimistic as Tom when I first started working here.
I used to be atheist but I converted to Islam.
I used to be bulimic.
I used to be cis until I was arrested for saying the word "woman" and reprogrammed.
I used to be claustrophobic.
I used to be competitive.
I used to be conservative.
I used to be cool.
I used to be fairly good basketball player.
I used to be fairly social.
I used to be famous.
I used to be fat like you.
I used to be fat.
I used to be forgetful.
I used to be good at doing this.
I used to be good at this.
I used to be good-looking.
I used to be happy here.
I used to be homeless.
I used to be in a rock band.
I used to be in and out of second-hand bookshops all the time.
I used to be in comedy.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be jealous.
I used to be lazy.
I used to be like Tom.
I used to be like her.
I used to be like him.
I used to be like that.
I used to be like them.
I used to be like you.
I used to be married to a woman who looked a lot like you.
I used to be married.
I used to be more creative.
I used to be more politically independent and open-minded, but now I'm a party-liner. I see all other parties as enemies, and refuse to have anything to do with them or their adherents.
I used to be much friendlier.
I used to be much more creative.
I used to be naive and gullible. I still am, but I used to, too.
I used to be on the basketball team.
I used to be overweight.
I used to be poor like you.
I used to be poor.
I used to be pretty good at tennis, but not anymore.
I used to be pretty good at this.
I used to be quicker at doing that than Tom.
I used to be quite handsome.
I used to be really cis, but by now I've become pretty genderqueer.
I used to be rich like you.
I used to be rich.
I used to be scared of Tom.
I used to be scared of snakes.
I used to be scared of spiders, but not anymore.
I used to be shy.
I used to be skinny.
I used to be the best.
I used to be the boss.
I used to be the manager.
I used to be the one who dealt with problems like that.
I used to be the same age as you.
I used to be the youngest human being in the world.
I used to be thin when I was young.
I used to be thin.
I used to be ticklish.
I used to be tired all the time.
I used to be ugly.
I used to be very fat.
I used to be very good at that.
I used to be very indecisive, but I'm not anymore.
I used to be wealthy.
I used to be young and ambitious, just like you.
I used to be younger than I am now.
I used to be your age.
I used to beat Tom up in high school.
I used to beat my wife.
I used to believe everything you said.
I used to believe that.
I used to call Tom a lot.
I used to call people to Islam.
I used to change your diapers.
I used to coach football.
I used to coach my son's basketball team.
I used to collect coasters.
I used to collect postcards when I was a child and I would like to start again.
I used to collect stamps.
I used to come here a lot.
I used to come here sometimes.
I used to come here when I was kid.
I used to come here when it was a bakery.
I used to come here when it was a bar.
I used to come here when it was a cafeteria.
I used to come here when it was a church.
I used to come here when it was a mosque.
I used to come here when it was a nightclub.
I used to come here when it was a park.
I used to come here when it was a pub.
I used to come here when it was a restaurant.
I used to come here with Tom.
I used to come here with my friends.
I used to come here.
I used to come to Australia a lot.
I used to come to Australia about once a month.
I used to come to Boston a lot.
I used to come to Boston about once a month.
I used to come to this beach when I was a boy.
I used to complain a lot.
I used to confuse tanuki with raccoons.
I used to consider this piece rather mediocre, but it's grown on me since then, and now I find it quite enjoyable to listen to.
I used to cook three meals a day.
I used to correlate love with sex.
I used to cry a lot.
I used to date Mary, remember?
I used to date Tom.
I used to date a girl who played the tuba.
I used to date an actor.
I used to date an actress.
I used to debate the problem with her.
I used to discuss things with Tom.
I used to do a lot of volunteer work.
I used to do drugs.
I used to do fishing.
I used to do it all the time.
I used to do that a lot when I was a child.
I used to do that a lot when I was a kid.
I used to do that a lot.
I used to do that all the time.
I used to do that almost every day.
I used to do that as a kid.
I used to do that every day.
I used to do that much more often than I do now.
I used to do that quite often.
I used to do that sometimes.
I used to do that when I was a child.
I used to do that when I was a kid.
I used to do that when I was younger.
I used to do that, but I don't do it anymore.
I used to do that, but not any more.
I used to do that.
I used to do the same thing.
I used to do this a lot when I was a kid.
I used to do this a lot.
I used to do this work with Tom.
I used to draw all the time.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I used to dream about becoming a race car driver.
I used to dream about becoming an astronaut.
I used to dream about becoming very wealthy.
I used to dream about being a ballerina.
I used to dream about being a millionaire.
I used to dream about being a successful businessman.
I used to dream about being able to breathe underwater.
I used to dream about being able to play chess really well.
I used to dream about being married to you.
I used to dream about you coming to save me.
I used to dream about you.
I used to dream big, but those dreams feel unattainable now.
I used to dream of him.
I used to dream.
I used to dress quite conservatively.
I used to drink a gallon of milk a day.
I used to drink a lot of coffee, but I don't drink coffee anymore.
I used to drink a lot of coffee.
I used to drink a lot of cola, but now I drink only water.
I used to drink a lot of cola, but now I only drink water.
I used to drink a lot.
I used to drink beer, but I don't any more.
I used to drink beer, but I don't anymore.
I used to drink beer, but not any more.
I used to drink beer.
I used to drink brandy.
I used to drink coffee every day.
I used to drink excessively when I was your age.
I used to drive Tom to school on rainy days.
I used to drive a BMW.
I used to drive a truck.
I used to drive all over Algeria.
I used to drive myself to work, but now I take the bus.
I used to drive to work every day, but nowadays I walk.
I used to drop in at the bookstore on my way home.
I used to eat a lot and then make myself throw up.
I used to eat a lot of chocolate.
I used to eat a lot of junk food.
I used to eat a lot of meat.
I used to eat chocolate and sweets.
I used to eat like a pig.
I used to eat meat.
I used to eat out a lot more often than I do now.
I used to eat out several times a week.
I used to eat pizza a lot.
I used to eat pizza very often.
I used to eat pizza, but I don't any more.
I used to eat pizza, but I don't now.
I used to eat pizza, but not any more.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't eat it at all.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.
I used to eat pizza.
I used to eat so much meat.
I used to eat three eggs a day.
I used to encourage my students.
I used to enjoy doing that.
I used to enjoy driving.
I used to enjoy painting.
I used to enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I used to enjoy sketching.
I used to enjoy swimming.
I used to enjoy walking in the early hours.
I used to enjoy watching TV.
I used to fear Tom.
I used to feed my dog twice a day.
I used to feel it dull.
I used to feel like that.
I used to feel safe walking alone at night.
I used to feel the same way.
I used to fish for hours on holidays.
I used to fish in that river.
I used to fly back and forth between L.A. and Mexico City.
I used to get along well with Tom.
I used to get along with Tom.
I used to get bullied in school.
I used to get dizzy a lot.
I used to get good grades in French.
I used to get in trouble a lot.
I used to get jealous when Tom talked to other women, but not anymore.
I used to get sick a lot when I was a child.
I used to get sick a lot when I was a kid.
I used to get up early every morning and go jogging before going to work.
I used to get up early.
I used to get upset about everything, too.
I used to get yelled at for hogging the phone.
I used to go camping a lot.
I used to go camping every summer.
I used to go fishing a lot.
I used to go fishing every weekend.
I used to go fishing in my school days.
I used to go fishing in the river when I was a child.
I used to go fishing quite often, but now I rarely go.
I used to go fishing with Tom.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
I used to go for a bike ride at the weekend.
I used to go for a bike ride at weekends.
I used to go for a walk after dinner every day.
I used to go for a walk every morning before work.
I used to go here with Tom.
I used to go home for lunch in those days.
I used to go home to eat back then.
I used to go horseback riding.
I used to go ice fishing when I was younger.
I used to go jogging every day.
I used to go on morning walks every day.
I used to go out a lot when I was younger.
I used to go out with a guy named Tom.
I used to go out with friends every weekend.
I used to go running every day after work.
I used to go skating a lot.
I used to go skiing a lot.
I used to go skiing at Grouse Mountain with my brother and his Japanese buddy.
I used to go skiing in the winter.
I used to go skiing in winter.
I used to go straight home after work.
I used to go swimming every day.
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.
I used to go swimming once a week, but I don't anymore.
I used to go swimming with Tom almost every day.
I used to go swimming with Tom.
I used to go there a lot a few years ago.
I used to go there with Tom.
I used to go to Australia about three times a year.
I used to go to Australia quite frequently.
I used to go to Australia when I was a child.
I used to go to Australia when I was a kid.
I used to go to Boston about three times a year.
I used to go to Boston every summer to visit my grandparents when I was a kid.
I used to go to Boston once a month.
I used to go to Boston quite frequently.
I used to go to Boston when I was a kid.
I used to go to Kabylie, Algeria, every summer.
I used to go to Uist in the summer.
I used to go to a diner with my parents that would always offer vinegar with fries, and one day I tried it and loved it.
I used to go to a lot of concerts.
I used to go to all of Tom's concerts.
I used to go to bed earlier back then.
I used to go to bed earlier in those days.
I used to go to church every Sunday.
I used to go to church every week.
I used to go to church on Sunday.
I used to go to church on Sundays.
I used to go to plays at least once a week in London.
I used to go to school when I was a child.
I used to go to school with Ken.
I used to go to school with Tom.
I used to go to school with him.
I used to go to school with you, didn't I?
I used to go to school.
I used to go to that library to study.
I used to go to the baker's.
I used to go to the beach every day.
I used to go to the beach every summer when I was a kid.
I used to go to this church.
I used to hang out in this park as a teenager.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he isn't around much.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he's not around much.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he’s not around much.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot.
I used to hang out with Tom.
I used to hang out with a guy named Tom.
I used to happily live without love until I found you and lost myself.
I used to hate Australia.
I used to hate Boston.
I used to hate Tom.
I used to hate cooking, but now I like it.
I used to hate doing that.
I used to hate doing this.
I used to hate exercising.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I used to hate her.
I used to hate him.
I used to hate living in Australia.
I used to hate living in Boston.
I used to hate singing in public.
I used to hate spinach.
I used to hate the village.
I used to hate them.
I used to hate washing my face.
I used to hate you.
I used to have a MiniDisc player.
I used to have a copy of that book, but I made the mistake of lending it to someone years back and they never returned it.
I used to have a crush on my friend.
I used to have a dog.
I used to have a friend named Tom.
I used to have a girlfriend, but we broke up.
I used to have a girlfriend.
I used to have a house in Australia.
I used to have a house in Boston.
I used to have a job as a security guard at a bank.
I used to have a job in Australia.
I used to have a job in Boston.
I used to have a little bookshop in a shopping centre.
I used to have a little crush on you.
I used to have a motorcycle.
I used to have a picture of Tom dancing.
I used to have a picture of Tom.
I used to have a sailboat.
I used to have an MD player.
I used to have an account at that bank.
I used to have an old Rolls Royce.
I used to have crush on you.
I used to have goldfish.
I used to have long hair.
I used to have nightmares.
I used to have one of those.
I used to have one, but it was stolen.
I used to have that same problem.
I used to have the same problem.
I used to have three secretaries.
I used to have to do that for Tom.
I used to have to help Tom do that.
I used to have to pick the fuzz out from between my toes every night before bed. Now, thanks to science, I don't have to bother. Thanks, science!
I used to have very long hair.
I used to hear Tom and Mary arguing.
I used to help Tom with his homework.
I used to help my daughter with her math homework.
I used to hide here when I was kid.
I used to hunt rabbits there myself.
I used to interpret dreams.
I used to jerk off often when I was a teenager.
I used to jog every day.
I used to jog every morning.
I used to just have tea, now I've returned to coffee.
I used to just watch others do stuff instead of actually doing it, so I wouldn't challenge myself.
I used to keep a diary every day when I was young.
I used to keep a diary in English when I was a student.
I used to keep a diary in French.
I used to keep a diary when I was a teenager.
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
I used to keep a diary when I was in high school.
I used to keep a diary.
I used to keep my room much cleaner.
I used to know Tom quite well.
I used to know a girl like that many years ago.
I used to know a guy named Tom.
I used to know a guy that grew up in Australia.
I used to know a guy that grew up in Boston.
I used to know a man like you.
I used to know her back in the day.
I used to know how to do that.
I used to know it.
I used to know someone like you.
I used to know where Tom lived, but I've forgotten.
I used to laugh much more than I do now.
I used to lead a promiscuous life, now I have returned to the right track.
I used to lie about my age.
I used to like Australia, too.
I used to like Australia.
I used to like Boston, too.
I used to like Boston.
I used to like Tom a lot.
I used to like Tom so much, I wonder what happened to that feeling.
I used to like Tom so much, I wonder where that feeling has gone now.
I used to like Tom, but I don't like him anymore.
I used to like Tom, but not anymore.
I used to like Tom, too.
I used to like Tom.
I used to like beaches. I collected purple starfish. I used bleach with water to clean them. I let them soak. Then, I dried them under the sun. The starfish turned white.
I used to like chocolate when I was small.
I used to like chocolate.
I used to like coming here.
I used to like dogs.
I used to like driving.
I used to like folk music.
I used to like going to the beach.
I used to like hanging out with Tom.
I used to like him a lot.
I used to like him, but now he's too mainstream.
I used to like it a lot.
I used to like it.
I used to like just sitting in the park and watching people.
I used to like living by the sea.
I used to like living here.
I used to like painting.
I used to like school.
I used to like sketching.
I used to like swimming.
I used to like that kitschy music.
I used to like that.
I used to like this job.
I used to like this place.
I used to like to go to the lake.
I used to like tomatoes.
I used to like walking in the rain when I was a child.
I used to like watching football games.
I used to like white chocolate as a child.
I used to like you a lot.
I used to listen to English programs.
I used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest.
I used to listen to the radio very late at night.
I used to live close to Tom.
I used to live here.
I used to live in Australia, but I don't anymore.
I used to live in Australia.
I used to live in Boston, but I don't anymore.
I used to live in Boston.
I used to live in Bydgoszcz.
I used to live in Kabylie, Algeria.
I used to live in Kobe.
I used to live in a mountainous area.
I used to live in a remote town.
I used to live in a trailer.
I used to live in a village.
I used to live in an efficiency.
I used to live in that brown house across the street.
I used to live in the same apartment building as Tom.
I used to live in the same dorm as Tom.
I used to live in the suburbs of Boston.
I used to live in this house.
I used to live near Tom.
I used to live near a lake.
I used to live near a park.
I used to live near here.
I used to live near the ocean.
I used to live next door to Tom.
I used to live next to a landfill.
I used to live next to a park.
I used to live not far from here.
I used to live not too far from here.
I used to live on Park Street.
I used to live on the coast.
I used to live someplace else.
I used to live somewhere else.
I used to live there.
I used to live three doors down from Tom.
I used to live with Tom in his apartment.
I used to live with Tom.
I used to live with her.
I used to live with him.
I used to live with my parents. Now I live alone.
I used to live with them.
I used to lived on Park Street.
I used to lock myself in at night because I was scared.
I used to look up to him, but not anymore.
I used to look younger.
I used to love Australia.
I used to love Boston.
I used to love Halloween.
I used to love Mary.
I used to love Tom.
I used to love cars.
I used to love doing this.
I used to love going back to school after having the summer off.
I used to love going to the beach.
I used to love her, but not any more.
I used to love her, but not anymore.
I used to love her.
I used to love him.
I used to love it when Tom came over to visit.
I used to love swimming in the river with my friends from town. But ever since we moved to Boston, the closest thing I have is the bathtub.
I used to love swimming when I was a kid.
I used to love swimming.
I used to love swimming. It was my favorite sport in high school.
I used to love telling jokes.
I used to love that.
I used to love this place.
I used to love to play jazz.
I used to love you, but now I hate you.
I used to make ash trays in a kiln at school.
I used to make pretty good money playing music.
I used to make sure I put a cover over my motorcycle at night.
I used to never do that.
I used to never kiss Tom goodbye in the morning, but I do now.
I used to never wear a hat.
I used to never worry about how much things cost.
I used to not be able to do this.
I used to not do that.
I used to not eat meat.
I used to often go skiing in the winter.
I used to often go to Australia.
I used to often go to Boston.
I used to often play tennis with Tom.
I used to often take a walk before breakfast, but I don't anymore.
I used to often take walks along that river.
I used to own a sports car.
I used to own an excavation business, and run backhoes.
I used to own quite a lot of land.
I used to paint a bunch.
I used to paint.
I used to play a lot of tennis.
I used to play a lot of video games.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
I used to play badminton, but I don't anymore.
I used to play badminton, but I don’t anymore.
I used to play basketball.
I used to play cricket in my school days.
I used to play golf with Tom.
I used to play golf, but I quit playing about three years ago.
I used to play golf.
I used to play guitar in a band with Tom.
I used to play guitar in a club.
I used to play here as a child.
I used to play here when I was a child.
I used to play here when I was a kid.
I used to play here.
I used to play hockey.
I used to play in a band with Tom.
I used to play in that park when I was a kid.
I used to play in that park.
I used to play in this park.
I used to play jazz.
I used to play marbles when I was a kid.
I used to play music with Tom.
I used to play outside.
I used to play piano at a club.
I used to play piano long ago, so I can still play a little.
I used to play tennis a lot when I was in high school.
I used to play tennis after school.
I used to play tennis as a young student.
I used to play tennis at secondary school.
I used to play tennis in high school.
I used to play tennis when I was a student.
I used to play tennis when I was a young student.
I used to play tennis with him on Sunday.
I used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
I used to play tennis.
I used to play the guitar fairly well.
I used to play the harmonica when I was a kid.
I used to play the piano a lot when I was younger.
I used to play the piano.
I used to play the saxophone when I was in junior high school.
I used to play the trombone in a jazz combo.
I used to play the trombone.
I used to play there.
I used to play video games, but now I prefer to do more useful things with my time. Like reading internet comments.
I used to play video games.
I used to play volleyball when I was younger.
I used to play with Tom.
I used to play with a couple of boys.
I used to play with dolls a lot when I was a little girl.
I used to play with dolls when I was a little girl.
I used to play with my sister in the park.
I used to pray in the mosque.
I used to pray.
I used to prefer black tea to coffee, but recently I've been drinking a good amount of both.
I used to pretend I was Tom.
I used to pretend I was her.
I used to pretend I was him.
I used to pretend I was you.
I used to pretend that I was you.
I used to read a lot more than I do now.
I used to read a lot, but I don't read much anymore.
I used to read detective stories before going to bed.
I used to read every book that came my way.
I used to read in the library.
I used to read more.
I used to read novels at random in those days.
I used to read novels at random.
I used to read three or four books a week.
I used to really be into meditation but not so much anymore.
I used to really hate her cigarette smell.
I used to really like Braeburn, but now I'm more of a Granny Smith kinda guy.
I used to respect Tom.
I used to respect him.
I used to respect you.
I used to ride a motorcycle to work.
I used to ride my bike at the weekend.
I used to ride my bike at the weekends.
I used to ride my bike at weekends.
I used to ride my bike on the weekend.
I used to ride my bike on the weekends.
I used to ride my bike on weekends.
I used to ride my bike to my grandparents' house.
I used to ride my bike to school, but now I take the bus.
I used to ride my bike to school.
I used to ride the bus to school.
I used to run a small bookstore in a shopping centre.
I used to run at high school.
I used to say I hated Tom, but really I loved him and he hurt me.
I used to see Layla so desirable.
I used to see Tom at least once a week.
I used to see Tom jogging past my house in the morning.
I used to see Ziri everywhere and now, I can't find him anywhere. Oh, the irony!
I used to serve food at the soup kitchen around the corner.
I used to shop at a Mennonite grocery store with my grandmother when I was a kid.
I used to shout but you couldn't hear me sometimes.
I used to shout but you couldn’t hear me sometimes.
I used to sing Tom to sleep.
I used to sing a lot when I was a kid.
I used to sing every day when I was a child.
I used to sing in a choir.
I used to sing in the choir.
I used to sing professionally, but I don't anymore.
I used to sing that song when I was a child.
I used to sing with Tom, Mary and John.
I used to sing you to sleep.
I used to sit up late at night listening to the radio.
I used to sit up late at night.
I used to skip classes a lot.
I used to skip rocks in this river.
I used to sleep for only three or four hours a day.
I used to sleep in a trundle bed when I would visit my aunt and uncle.
I used to sleep on the floor.
I used to smoke a lot, but I have given up smoking now.
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.
I used to smoke.
I used to smoke. I was quite a heavy smoker.
I used to snore, but not anymore.
I used to speak French a lot.
I used to speak French better than I do now.
I used to speak French fairly well.
I used to speak Latin, French and English, but now I've forgotten it all.
I used to speak Russian once.
I used to spend a lot of time studying French.
I used to spend a lot of weekends in Kabylie.
I used to stay home on Mondays.
I used to stay out all night long.
I used to stay up all night, instant messaging my friends.
I used to stay up late at night.
I used to stay up late when I was a high school student.
I used to stay up late.
I used to stay up long into the night.
I used to stay with Tom whenever I was in Boston.
I used to stay with my grandmother for a couple of weeks every summer.
I used to study French a lot.
I used to study French.
I used to stutter.
I used to support Tom.
I used to swim a lot when I was a kid.
I used to swim a lot.
I used to swim better than Tom.
I used to swim every day when I was a child.
I used to swim here every day.
I used to swim in this river.
I used to take a walk before breakfast.
I used to take a walk early in the morning.
I used to take a walk every morning.
I used to take a walk in the morning.
I used to take him to my lectures to make people feel good.
I used to take long walks every afternoon.
I used to take piano lessons.
I used to talk to Tom a lot.
I used to teach Berber.
I used to teach French at a local high school.
I used to teach French.
I used to teach advanced math classes in middle school.
I used to tell Tom everything.
I used to tell her everything.
I used to tell her what to wear.
I used to tell him everything.
I used to tell people I knew how to speak French.
I used to tell them everything.
I used to think "shalt" was a contraction of "shall not."
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good at French.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good coaches.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good cooks.
I used to think Tom didn't like me.
I used to think Tom was a nice guy.
I used to think Tom was a pretty good coach.
I used to think Tom was a pretty good cook.
I used to think Tom was cute.
I used to think Tom was good-looking.
I used to think Tom was handsome.
I used to think Tom was pretty good at French.
I used to think doing this was hard.
I used to think doing this was so easy.
I used to think it didn't matter.
I used to think it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
I used to think it didn’t really matter what I fed my dog.
I used to think it was my responsibility to help Tom.
I used to think it wasn't a problem.
I used to think like you, but then I got better.
I used to think like you.
I used to think my life was a tragedy, but now I realize it's a fucking comedy.
I used to think no one cared.
I used to think obituaries were depressing.
I used to think so.
I used to think taking walks was a waste of time.
I used to think that Tom was a nice guy.
I used to think that Tom's life was a tragedy, but now I think it's a comedy.
I used to think that all dogs were males and all cats were females.
I used to think that doing this was difficult.
I used to think that doing this was so easy.
I used to think that it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
I used to think that multi-tasking was my superpower, but now I can see what a weakness it truly is.
I used to think that only bears hibernate, but the teacher said that turtles do as well.
I used to think that taking walks was a waste of time.
I used to think that was cool.
I used to think that was silly.
I used to think that was true, but not anymore.
I used to think that was true, too.
I used to think that was true.
I used to think that way.
I used to think that witches were real.
I used to think that witches were real. Today I know they are real.
I used to think that you were cool.
I used to think the same way you do.
I used to think they had good intentions.
I used to think this was boring.
I used to think this was impossible.
I used to think you were a nice guy.
I used to think you were cool.
I used to think your jokes were funny.
I used to travel a lot.
I used to trust Tom.
I used to try really hard to get straight A's.
I used to try really hard to get straight As.
I used to try to do that.
I used to type my letters, but now I use a word processor.
I used to use Twitter, but then found it a bit boring, so I stopped using it.
I used to use an address book, but now I just use the my smartphone.
I used to visit my grandparents several times a month when I was a kid.
I used to visit used bookstores all the time.
I used to volunteer at the food pantry around the corner.
I used to volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
I used to wake up at five in the morning.
I used to walk every day.
I used to walk everywhere when I was a teenager.
I used to walk home from school.
I used to walk in the cemetery in my youth.
I used to walk past Tom's house almost every day.
I used to walk to school when I was your age.
I used to walk to school.
I used to walk to work.
I used to walk with a cane.
I used to want more than this.
I used to want to be a hairdresser, or a fashion designer.
I used to want to be a hamster.
I used to want to be an architect.
I used to want to be rich.
I used to want to die.
I used to wash Mary's car for her.
I used to wash Tom and Mary's car for them.
I used to wash Tom's and Mary's cars for them.
I used to wash Tom's car for him.
I used to wash my hair only once a week.
I used to wash my own car.
I used to waste time by playing video games. Now I waste time by procrastinating on the internet.
I used to watch TV at least three hours every day.
I used to watch TV three or four hours a day.
I used to watch a lot more TV than I do now.
I used to watch a lot of TV.
I used to watch this anime a lot when I was a kid, but I can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode.
I used to wear a tie to work.
I used to wear glasses as a teenager, but not any more.
I used to wear glasses.
I used to wear lipstick, but I don't anymore.
I used to wear punk rock outfits, but I never considered myself one of the real punks.
I used to wear ties, but I don't anymore.
I used to weigh 11 stone.
I used to weigh seventy kilos.
I used to wet the bed when I was small, but I grew out of it by the time I was seven.
I used to work as a clown.
I used to work as a copywriter.
I used to work as a merchandiser.
I used to work as a receptionist at a luxury hotel.
I used to work as a translator.
I used to work as a waiter.
I used to work at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I used to work at a gas station.
I used to work at a restaurant in Boston.
I used to work at a thrift store.
I used to work at the airport.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom and Mary work now.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom works now.
I used to work at the same place that Tom and Mary do now.
I used to work at the same place that Tom does now.
I used to work for Tom Jackson.
I used to work for Tom.
I used to work for a small company in Boston.
I used to work for her.
I used to work for him.
I used to work for them.
I used to work full time in a restaurant.
I used to work here.
I used to work in Australia, but I don't anymore.
I used to work in Australia.
I used to work in Boston, but I don't anymore.
I used to work in Boston.
I used to work in Kabylie.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in Boston.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in London.
I used to work in a bank.
I used to work in a noisy room.
I used to work in a restaurant when I was in college.
I used to work in a restaurant.
I used to work in a supermarket.
I used to work in an electronics store.
I used to work in the Bronx.
I used to work in the hospital across the street from my house.
I used to work in the same restaurant as Tom.
I used to work on a farm in Australia.
I used to work stocking shelves at a grocery store.
I used to work there.
I used to work with Tom back at my old job.
I used to work with Tom.
I used to work with a guy named Tom.
I used to work with children.
I used to work with her.
I used to work with him.
I used to work with low income families living in housing projects.
I used to work with them.
I used to worry about everything, but now I don't.
I used to worry about the difference in our ages.
I used to write a lot.
I used to write in my diary every day when I was young.
I used to write songs all the time.
I used too much bleach and made a hole in my shirt.
I used your strategy.
I usually agree with Tom.
I usually agree with her.
I usually agree with you.
I usually avoid eating too much.
I usually avoid this subject.
I usually bike to school.
I usually bring a magazine with me when I travel.
I usually buy clothing at a local store.
I usually buy my clothes at the department store.
I usually call my parents on Monday.
I usually carry a clipboard.
I usually charge legal advice.
I usually check my phone in the morning.
I usually choose to use a dark theme, if there is one, for my eyes.
I usually come here alone.
I usually come here in the morning.
I usually cut loose a bit and drink plenty before a day off work but if my drinks are cut with tochu tea then I get absolutely no hangover.
I usually cut loose a bit and drink plenty before a day off work, but if my drinks are cut with tochu tea, then I get absolutely no hangover.
I usually cut the crust off bread.
I usually cycle to school.
I usually discard the green part of the scallion, but my mom uses the whole thing.
I usually do it at night.
I usually do my homework after dinner.
I usually do my homework in the kitchen.
I usually do my homework nowadays. But in the past it was different.
I usually do my shopping at this supermarket.
I usually do that after dinner.
I usually do that alone.
I usually do that at home.
I usually do that by myself.
I usually do that during my break.
I usually do that every day.
I usually do that here.
I usually do that in the evening.
I usually do that in the morning.
I usually do that on Mondays.
I usually do that with Tom.
I usually do that.
I usually do the dishes.
I usually do vote.
I usually don't allow people to boss me around.
I usually don't bother with people like him.
I usually don't buy things online.
I usually don't carry much cash.
I usually don't continue reading books that I don't like.
I usually don't do my homework.
I usually don't drink coffee.
I usually don't drink red wine in summer.
I usually don't drink red wine in the summer.
I usually don't drink this much.
I usually don't eat breakfast because I'd rather sleep as late as I can.
I usually don't eat breakfast.
I usually don't eat fish. But sometimes I eat sushi. I like eating it.
I usually don't eat just one banana for breakfast.
I usually don't get home until after dark.
I usually don't get that drunk.
I usually don't get up until noon on Sundays.
I usually don't have time to eat a large lunch.
I usually don't lie.
I usually don't like sweet things, but I will try one of your cookies.
I usually don't make mistakes.
I usually don't make these kinds of mistakes.
I usually don't oversleep, but for some reason I overslept this morning.
I usually don't peel apples before eating them. I just wash them.
I usually don't put sugar in my coffee.
I usually don't sleep that much.
I usually don't speak French at work.
I usually don't talk this much.
I usually don't walk anywhere.
I usually don't wear a hat.
I usually don't wear a tie.
I usually don't wear a watch.
I usually don't wear pajamas.
I usually don't work here.
I usually dream in French unless I'm dreaming about talking to one of my English-speaking friends.
I usually dream in French.
I usually dream when I sleep.
I usually drink a lot of milk.
I usually drink about three cups of coffee a day.
I usually drink beer at parties.
I usually drink bottled water.
I usually drink coffee in the morning before I go to work.
I usually drink coffee in the morning before going to work.
I usually drink coffee without sugar.
I usually drink green tea with dinner.
I usually drink my coffee with milk.
I usually drink tap water at home because it's clean and safe.
I usually drink tea with meals.
I usually drink tea without sugar.
I usually drive myself to work.
I usually drive myself.
I usually drive to work.
I usually eat a big breakfast and a light lunch.
I usually eat a bowl of oatmeal for breakfast.
I usually eat a couple of sandwiches for lunch.
I usually eat a light breakfast.
I usually eat a lot.
I usually eat a snack at about 2:30.
I usually eat alone.
I usually eat at home with my family.
I usually eat at home.
I usually eat at school.
I usually eat before 6:30.
I usually eat breakfast at 7:00.
I usually eat breakfast at seven o'clock.
I usually eat breakfast at seven.
I usually eat breakfast here.
I usually eat breakfast in the kitchen.
I usually eat breakfast.
I usually eat by myself.
I usually eat dessert after lunch.
I usually eat dinner at six.
I usually eat eggs for breakfast.
I usually eat french fries with ketchup.
I usually eat less than Tom does.
I usually eat less than Tom.
I usually eat less than my boyfriend.
I usually eat less than my girlfriend.
I usually eat lunch alone.
I usually eat lunch at 11:30 to avoid the rush.
I usually eat lunch at home.
I usually eat lunch by myself.
I usually eat lunch here.
I usually eat lunch in the school cafeteria.
I usually eat lunch with Tom two or three times a week.
I usually eat lunch with Tom.
I usually eat meat once a day.
I usually eat my lunch alone.
I usually eat only one or two meals a day.
I usually eat out.
I usually eat outside.
I usually eat rice at least twice a day.
I usually eat rice with chopsticks.
I usually eat three times a day.
I usually eat two or three eggs for breakfast at least three times a week.
I usually eat with Tom.
I usually gas up the car at this service station.
I usually get free at six.
I usually get home around seven o'clock.
I usually get home at about 7:00.
I usually get home before 2:30.
I usually get home before Tom and Mary do.
I usually get home before Tom does.
I usually get home by six o'clock.
I usually get home by six o’clock.
I usually get home just before 2:30.
I usually get more sleep.
I usually get out of bed around eight.
I usually get out of bed at six-thirty.
I usually get sleepy in the afternoon.
I usually get to work about ten minutes early.
I usually get to work at about 8.30.
I usually get up around eight o'clock.
I usually get up at 6:00.
I usually get up at 6:30.
I usually get up at 7:00.
I usually get up at 8.
I usually get up at 8:00.
I usually get up at about six-thirty.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
I usually get up at eight o’clock.
I usually get up at eight.
I usually get up at seven and go to bed at eleven except on Sundays.
I usually get up at seven.
I usually get up at six in the morning but today, I was already up at four.
I usually get up at six, but this morning I didn't get up until eight.
I usually get up at six-thirty.
I usually get up at six.
I usually get up before Tom does.
I usually get up before my parents do.
I usually get up before my parents.
I usually get up before seven.
I usually get up earlier than the rest of my family.
I usually get up early and take a thirty-minute walk before breakfast.
I usually get up early every morning.
I usually get up early in the morning.
I usually get up early.
I usually get up just before dawn.
I usually get up late.
I usually get up very early.
I usually get what I ask for.
I usually get what I want.
I usually go camping in Kabylie, Algeria.
I usually go for a walk every morning.
I usually go for a walk in the morning after breakfast.
I usually go home at five.
I usually go home at four.
I usually go home by myself.
I usually go home soon after five o'clock.
I usually go hunting in Kabylie, Algeria.
I usually go jogging right after work.
I usually go on foot.
I usually go out on Friday nights.
I usually go out with my friends on Friday nights.
I usually go shopping by myself.
I usually go shopping on Monday afternoon.
I usually go shopping on Mondays.
I usually go shopping on Sunday afternoon.
I usually go to Australia about three times a year.
I usually go to Australia for my summer vacation, but last year I went to New Zealand.
I usually go to Australia for my summer vacation, but this year I'm planning to go to New Zealand.
I usually go to Australia in October.
I usually go to Boston about three times a month.
I usually go to Boston by bus.
I usually go to Boston for my summer vacation, but last year I went to Chicago.
I usually go to Boston for my summer vacation, but this year I'm planning to go to Chicago.
I usually go to Boston in October.
I usually go to Chuck's Diner just after the lunchtime rush.
I usually go to bed about eleven.
I usually go to bed around 11 p.m.
I usually go to bed around eleven.
I usually go to bed at nine.
I usually go to bed at ten.
I usually go to bed before midnight.
I usually go to bed before ten o'clock.
I usually go to bed before ten.
I usually go to bed early.
I usually go to concerts or conventions for fun.
I usually go to market on Friday.
I usually go to school at 7 o'clock.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
I usually go to school by bike.
I usually go to school by bus.
I usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
I usually go to sleep very early.
I usually go to the barber once a month.
I usually go to the cinema with my friends.
I usually go to the gym when he comes home.
I usually go to the supermarket on Mondays.
I usually go to work by car.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
I usually got up at five in those days.
I usually have a beer in the evening.
I usually have a busy agenda.
I usually have a glass of milk for breakfast.
I usually have a ham and cheese sandwich for lunch.
I usually have a kip on Sundays.
I usually have a light breakfast.
I usually have a lot to do in little time.
I usually have a ready-made meal for dinner.
I usually have a shower first thing in the morning.
I usually have a shower in the morning.
I usually have a snack around 2:30.
I usually have a tight schedule.
I usually have a tight timetable.
I usually have breakfast at seven.
I usually have breakfast here.
I usually have dessert after dinner.
I usually have dinner at seven.
I usually have limited free time.
I usually have lunch here.
I usually have lunch there.
I usually have many things to do.
I usually have my bath at night.
