I had completely forgotten that story. And finally, it's as if I had been awakened by a masterful slap!
I had completely forgotten to do that.
I had completely forgotten.
I had concussion.
I had confided in her so much and let her know she could trust me.
I had confidence in him.
I had conservative, liberal, Marxist and anarchist professors.
I had conversation with Taninna in Berber every day.
I had conversation with Tom in French every day.
I had curry and rice last night.
I had curry last night.
I had data from various sources.
I had decided to spend the hot summer without leaving the apartment building.
I had decided to wear a red dress, but I changed the color.
I had difficulties interpreting the question.
I had difficulties with customs.
I had difficulty concentrating.
I had difficulty convincing her of the dangers of smoking.
I had difficulty doing that.
I had difficulty finding Tom's house.
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
I had difficulty in having it repaired.
I had difficulty in making him understand the message in English.
I had difficulty in making myself understood in French.
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
I had difficulty locating Tom.
I had difficulty paying attention.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
I had dinner alone.
I had dinner an hour ago.
I had dinner by myself.
I had dinner earlier than you.
I had dinner ready for you.
I had dinner with Tom last night.
I had dinner with Tom.
I had dinner with a friend last night.
I had dinner with a total stranger.
I had dinner with her.
I had dinner with him.
I had dinner with them.
I had dinner.
I had doubts from the beginning.
I had doubts.
I had dreaded something even worse. I thought all the ship's crew might have died.
I had drinks with Tom last night.
I had eaten the apple.
I had eggs for breakfast.
I had electrolysis.
I had enjoyed some tennis.
I had enough fun with Tatoeba, I have to go to sleep.
I had enough money saved to buy the guitar I want.
I had enough money to buy everything I needed to buy.
I had enough money to buy everything I needed.
I had enough money to buy everything I wanted to buy.
I had enough money to buy everything I wanted.
I had enough money to buy that dress.
I had enough money to buy the things I needed.
I had enough money to buy what I had to buy.
I had enough money to buy what I needed to buy.
I had enough money to buy what I needed.
I had enough money to buy what I wanted to buy.
I had enough money to buy what I wanted.
I had enough of milk.
I had enough sense to get out of there.
I had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I had enough time to do that.
I had enough time to do what I had to do.
I had enough time to do what I needed to do.
I had enough time to do what I wanted to do.
I had enough time to do what had to be done.
I had enough time to do what needed to be done.
I had enough time, so I didn't need to hurry.
I had enough time, so I didn’t need to hurry.
I had enough to do looking after my own children.
I had enough to do to catch the last bus.
I had enough to do to look after my own children.
I had enough to keep up with him.
I had entirely forgotten about that.
I had every intention of doing that.
I had every reason to feel good about myself.
I had everybody fooled.
I had everyone fooled.
I had everything I needed to be happy.
I had everything I needed.
I had everything under control.
I had everything.
I had expected Tom to be there, too.
I had expected an outright refusal, but to my surprise she agreed.
I had expected him at the meeting.
I had expected nothing else from you.
I had expected something quite different to happen.
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don't you think that's strange?
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don’t you think that’s strange?
I had extra beer ordered for the party tonight.
I had facial feminization surgery.
I had failed to refrigerate the milk. It went so sour that it's inedible.
I had fairy tales read by my mother.
I had faith in my upcoming decisions.
I had faith in myself.
I had fallen in love with her big time.
I had fallen into the water.
I had fever for two days.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had fish for dinner last night.
I had fish for lunch.
I had food and I feel full.
I had food ordered for home delivery from Burger King.
I had forgotten about that.
I had forgotten all about today's meeting. I'm glad you reminded me.
I had forgotten how beautiful you are.
I had forgotten that I had met her several years ago.
I had forgotten that my short-term memory is terrible.
I had forgotten that you had a sister.
I had forgotten that.
I had forgotten these photos.
I had foster parents.
I had found my wallet.
I had four aces.
I had four children.
I had four tests this week.
I had french toast for breakfast.
I had friends over last night.
I had fun at school today.
I had fun at the party.
I had fun dancing with Tom.
I had fun dancing.
I had fun doing that.
I had fun doing the chores.
I had fun doing this.
I had fun hanging out with Tom last weekend.
I had fun here.
I had fun in Australia.
I had fun in Boston.
I had fun last night.
I had fun learning Berber.
I had fun out there today.
I had fun out there.
I had fun playing cards with Tom.
I had fun playing cards with you.
I had fun talking to Tom.
I had fun talking with Tom.
I had fun today.
I had fun tonight.
I had fun walking along the river with Tom.
I had fun while it lasted.
I had fun with Tom and his friends.
I had fun with Tom.
I had fun with it.
I had fun with that.
I had fun with you guys.
I had fun with you today.
I had fun.
I had gloves on.
I had gone beyond the pale.
I had gone into town on that day, but I returned by the 2.40 instead of the 3.36, which is my usual train. As I entered the house the maid ran into the hall with a startled face.
I had gone some distance before I missed my wallet.
I had gone there.
I had good discussion with the neighbors.
I had good faith that my exams would go well, and it did.
I had good intentions when I asked him that we talk.
I had good intentions.
I had good reason to be angry.
I had good reason to be jealous.
I had good reason to be mad.
I had good reason to be upset.
I had good reason to do that.
I had good reason to worry.
I had good reasons to do that.
I had good teachers.
I had got my camera stolen in the train.
I had gotten into a few arguments with him.
I had gotten no sleep the night before, so I kept dropping off during the meeting.
I had grandparents.
I had gray hair.
I had great admiration for his generosity.
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
I had great difficulty in finding my ticket at the station.
I had great expectations for Tom.
I had great parents.
I had great teachers.
I had had enough of her complaining.
I had had my watch repaired, but it broke again.
I had had such extraordinary evidence of the quickness of his perceptive faculties, that I had no doubt that he could see a great deal which was hidden from me.
I had half a grapefruit for breakfast.
I had half a mind to go to the concert.
I had half a mind to throw in the towel.
I had hallucinations.
I had hardly any money at that time.
I had hardly been walking for a few minutes when it began to rain.
I had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me.
I had hardly closed the door when someone knocked.
I had hardly fallen asleep when the telephone rang.
I had hardly finished my meal when my friend phoned me and invited me out for dinner.
I had hardly gone to bed when the telephone rang.
I had hardly got into the bath when the phone rang.
I had hardly gotten into bed when the telephone began to ring.
I had hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.
I had hardly left home when it began raining.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
I had hardly opened my mouth, when she interrupted me.
I had hardly put the phone down when it rang again.
I had hardly reached the school when the bell rang.
I had hardly sat down on the bench when I found it had just been painted.
I had hardly started to eat when I noticed that she was crying.
I had hardly started to work when it began to rain.
I had hardly waited a minute when he came.
I had hardly walked a mile when it began to thunder.
I had hardly walked for a few minutes when it began to rain.
I had heard of henpecked husbands and now I felt that I saw one.
I had heard of this story when I lived abroad.
I had heard phrases like that all the time in ads, but it was weird hearing someone say them in real life.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn't think he would be that fat.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn’t think he would be that fat.
I had heart surgery.
I had help doing that.
I had help.
I had her sweep my room.
I had high hopes for Tom.
I had high hopes for her.
I had high hopes for him.
I had high hopes for them.
I had higher expectations of you, and your actions have failed to meet them.
I had him carry my bag.
I had him carry my baggage.
I had him carry my luggage to the platform.
I had him carry the baggage to your office.
I had him come while I was still in bed.
I had him do my homework.
I had him fix my watch.
I had him in that discussion.
I had him mend my watch.
I had him paint my house.
I had him paint the gate last week.
I had him pegged for a one-rounder at most.
I had him repair my watch.
I had him take my picture.
I had him take my suitcase to the room.
I had him wash the car.
I had him write it.
I had him write the letter for me.
I had hip surgery in 2013.
I had hoped that Tom would've changed his habits by now, but I see that everything's still the same.
I had hoped that he would recover.
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.
I had hoped that our friendship would develop into something more.
I had hoped that you would do that for me.
I had hoped to catch an earlier train.
I had hoped to finish it yesterday.
I had hoped to get an email from you today.
I had hoped to get another 50,000 miles out of my car, but it gave up the ghost on the expressway and it would cost too much to fix it.
I had hoped to have finished this yesterday.
I had hoped to have finished writing this report by the time you got here.
I had hoped to have met her there.
I had hoped to meet her there.
I had hoped to meet them there.
I had hoped to meet you there.
I had hoped to save more money.
I had hoped to see Tom.
I had hoped we could get to know each other a little better.
I had hoped we might become friends.
I had hoped we would become friends.
I had hoped you might say that.
I had hoped you'd tell me everything yourself.
I had horses, men, arms, and riches: are you surprised I am sorry to lose them? For if you want to rule the world, does it follow that everyone else welcomes enslavement?
I had hot flushes.
I had ice cream for dinner before my hair appointment.
I had imagined it differently than it looked.
I had imagined that Sherlock Holmes would at once have hurried into the house and plunged into a study of the mystery. Nothing appeared to be further from his intention.
I had imagined that the newbies fresh from university would probably be stuck with all the backstage work - collecting reference material, getting copies and such but I couldn't have been proved more wrong.
I had imagined that the newbies fresh from university would probably be stuck with all the backstage work - collecting reference material, getting copies and such but I couldn’t have been proved more wrong.
I had important business in Boston.
I had in my cellar a firkin of potatoes.
I had incredible parents.
I had indeed forgotten.
I had initially written about all that Jesus began to do.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
I had intended to attend the meeting.
I had intended to become a doctor.
I had intended to buy one of those.
I had intended to call Tom yesterday.
I had intended to call on Jack.
I had intended to call on her last Sunday.
I had intended to do that last month.
I had intended to do that today, but I didn't have time.
I had intended to do that with you.
I had intended to do that yesterday.
I had intended to do that.
I had intended to finish this yesterday, but I couldn't.
I had intended to finish this yesterday, but I couldn’t.
I had intended to go abroad.
I had intended to go out but now I can't be bothered.
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.
I had intended to go shopping.
I had intended to go straight back home, but I ran into Tom, and we stopped to have a drink.
I had intended to go straight home, but I ran into Tom and we went to a bar and had a few drinks.
I had intended to go swimming.
I had intended to go there.
I had intended to go with Tom, but I was too busy.
I had intended to go with Tom.
I had intended to go with you.
I had intended to go, but I forgot to.
I had intended to hand the document to him, but I forgot to.
I had intended to try doing that.
I had intended to visit Australia last year.
I had intended to visit Boston last year.
I had intended to visit the temple last week.
I had intended to visit you yesterday.
I had issues I had to deal with.
I had it all planned.
I had it all wrong.
I had it coming.
I had it destroyed.
I had it in the hand luggage.
I had it made after my own plan.
I had it out with him.
I had it.
I had jeans on.
I had jet lag.
I had just begun when it started to rain.
I had just closed the door when someone knocked.
I had just finished eating lunch when my doorbell rang.
I had just finished my homework when Ted phoned me.
I had just finished my homework when he visited me.
I had just finished with my business when someone rang the door.
I had just gone home.
I had just got back from a trip.
I had just graduated from college.
I had just left for home.
I had just opened my mouth when she interrupted me.
I had just put it before you ask me to.
I had just returned from England then.
I had just returned from a trip.
I had just written the letter when he came back.
I had knee replacement surgery three months ago.
I had known her for ten years when I married her.
I had known him for three years when he became my brother-in-law.
I had known his name for some time before I entered this school.
I had known that for a long time.
I had laser hair removal.
I had left a message.
I had left a present for her at my house.
I had left the key in the office the day before.
I had left towards the quay.
I had lemonade.
I had limited time to write my essay, so I cut corners here and there.
I had listened with the greatest interest to the statement which Holmes, with characteristic clearness, had laid before me.
I had little choice.
I had little doubt that I had come to the end of my career when I perceived the somewhat sinister figure of the late Professor Moriarty standing upon the narrow pathway which led to safety.
I had little doubt then, and I have less doubt now, that he would have knocked me down without the least compunction, if I had hesitated.
I had little expectation for him.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
I had little to do with it.
I had lived in Osaka for eighteen years when I moved to Tokyo.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I came to Tokyo.
I had lived in Sendai for ten years before I visited Matsushima.
I had loads of fun.
I had long hair and a beard when I was in college.
I had long hair back then.
I had looked for a weapon.
I had lost a camera in the previous day.
I had lost a camera the previous day.
I had lost a lot of blood and the bleeding needed to be stopped as soon as possible.
I had lost all sense of time.
I had lost my pen.
I had lost my purse, so I couldn't buy the cassette.
I had lost my purse, so I couldn’t buy the cassette.
I had lots of friends when I was in Australia.
I had lots of friends when I was in Boston.
I had lots of fun in Kabylie.
I had lots of fun skating.
I had lots of new friends.
I had lots of time to talk with friends.
I had lunch alone.
I had lunch around eleven because I was hungry.
I had lunch at a bakery.
I had lunch at the canteen.
I had lunch in the canteen.
I had lunch three hours ago.
I had lunch two and a half hours ago.
I had lunch with Mike at that restaurant.
I had lunch with Tom at a restaurant near the office.
I had lunch with Tom today.
I had lunch with Tom yesterday.
I had lunch with Tom.
I had lunch with a friend.
I had lunch with her today.
I had lunch with her.
I had lunch with him today.
I had lunch with him.
I had lunch with them today.
I had lunch with them.
I had lunch.
I had made up my mind that if you didn't come for me to-night I'd go down the track to that big wild cherry-tree at the bend, and climb up into it to stay all night.
I had many difficulties in my life.
I had many female teachers.
I had many friends when I was living in Australia.
I had many friends when I was living in Boston.
I had many problems during my visit to the U.S., but overall, I had a good time.
I had mastitis before.
I had meant to study in the library today, but I didn't wake up till round noon.
I had meant to visit him, but I didn't get round to it.
I had meningitis.
I had met her many times before then.
I had met him many times before then.
I had met him once before.
I had met the girl before, so I recognized her immediately.
I had met with a client.
I had missed the last bus, so I had to walk home in the rain.
I had mixed feelings.
I had money, credit cards, and my driver's license in my wallet.
I had more fun this year.
I had more important things to worry about.
I had more questions, but Tom seemed to be tired of my questions, so I didn't ask them.
I had more to say, but I stopped talking.
I had mosquito bites all over my legs when I woke up this morning.
I had my "native English speaker" role removed in a language exchange Discord server because I didn't talk like a native speaker.
I had my T-shirt washed.
I had my appendix removed in 2013.
I had my appendix removed.
I had my belly button pierced.
I had my bicycle fixed by my brother.
I had my bicycle fixed yesterday.
I had my bicycle repaired yesterday.
I had my bicycle stolen last night.
I had my bicycle stolen.
I had my bike repaired yesterday.
I had my birthday party at a restaurant.
I had my blood pressure taken.
I had my brother clean my room.
I had my brother clean the room.
I had my brother correct the errors in my composition.
I had my brother put this room in order.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
I had my camera repaired at that shop.
I had my camera stolen.
I had my car filled up at the service station at the corner.
I had my car stolen last night.
I had my car stolen.
I had my car washed this morning.
I had my chance.
I had my chauffeur drive Tom to the airport.
I had my composition corrected by Mr Jones.
I had my composition corrected by Mr. Jones.
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.
I had my computer repaired.
I had my daughter a day later than the expected delivery date.
I had my decayed tooth removed.
I had my doubts about whether that was the right choice.
I had my doubts about you.
I had my doubts but this last conversation cleared them all up.
I had my doubts early on.
I had my doubts from the get-go.
I had my doubts.
I had my driver's license renewed last month.
I had my driver’s license renewed last month.
I had my driving licence renewed last month.
I had my ears checked.
I had my essay corrected by Tom.
I had my eyes checked last week.
I had my eyes checked three weeks ago.
I had my eyes checked.
I had my fill of turkey at the Thanksgiving dinner.
I had my finger on the trigger, ready to fire.
I had my fingers caught in the door.
I had my first communion at ten years old.
I had my first communion when I was ten.
I had my first period when I was 13 years old.
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
I had my fortune told.
I had my friends help me with the project.
I had my friends over the day before yesterday.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
I had my hair cut at a barber’s shop.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
I had my hair cut at the barber's.
I had my hair cut at the barber’s.
I had my hair cut last month, and it's already long again.
I had my hair cut really short.
I had my hair cut short.
I had my hair cut the day before yesterday.
I had my hair cut yesterday.
I had my hair cut.
I had my hands full taking care of my own children.
I had my hat blown off by the wind.
I had my hat blown off.
I had my head in the clouds.
I had my headphones on so I didn't hear Tom enter the room.
I had my hearing tested.
I had my heart attack three summers ago.
I had my heart attack three years ago.
I had my homework all done by the time my mother got home.
I had my house painted last summer.
I had my house painted not too long ago.
I had my house painted.
I had my house repainted.
I had my job interview in the meeting room.
I had my leg hurt while playing football.
I had my licence renewed a week ago.
I had my military service in Ankara.
I had my mistakes pointed out by my teacher.
I had my money stolen in the park.
I had my money stolen somewhere.
I had my money stolen.
I had my mother mend this sweater.
I had my only son die of cancer.
I had my orders.
I had my palm read by a woman at the Renaissance festival.
I had my palm read.
I had my passport photo taken last week.
I had my pen stolen.
I had my personal computer repaired.
I had my phone in hand.
I had my phone on silent.
I had my photo taken on the shore of the lake.
I had my photograph taken by my father.
I had my photograph taken.
I had my piano tuned on Monday.
I had my picture taken by Tom.
I had my picture taken with Tom.
I had my picture taken yesterday.
I had my picture taken.
I had my pocket picked in the bus.
I had my pocket picked in the train.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
I had my purse and commutation ticket stolen while I was sleeping on the train.
I had my purse and commuter ticket stolen while I was sleeping in the train.
I had my purse stolen in the bus.
I had my purse stolen in the changing room.
I had my purse stolen somewhere on my way home.
I had my radio repaired by him.
I had my reasons for doing that.
I had my reasons for staying in Australia.
I had my reasons for staying in Boston.
I had my reasons.
I had my room cleaned.
I had my secretary do that.
I had my secretary look up that information for you.
I had my secretary run off ten copies.
I had my secretary type the letter.
I had my shoes cleaned.
I had my shoes mended at that store.
I had my shoes polished.
I had my shoes shined.
I had my sister make this dress.
I had my sister take a picture of me.
I had my son water the lawn.
I had my suitcase carried to my room by a bellboy.
I had my suitcase carried to my room.
I had my suitcase carried up to my room.
I had my suspicions.
I had my teacher correct my English composition.
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.
I had my teeth examined at the dentist’s.
I had my thirtieth birthday last week.
I had my thumbnail torn off.
I had my tonsils removed two weeks ago.
I had my umbrella blown off by the strong wind.
I had my umbrella taken while I was shopping.
I had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
I had my wallet stolen from my inner pocket.
I had my wallet stolen on my way to the office.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
I had my wallet stolen while I was asleep.
I had my wallet stolen.
I had my watch fixed.
I had my watch mended by him.
I had my watch mended.
I had my watch repaired at the store.
I had my watch repaired.
I had my watch stolen last night.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
I had my watch stolen.
I had my whole life ahead of me.
I had my wife die.
I had my work finished.
I had my writing corrected by a native speaker.
I had naan with the tea for breakfast.
I had nan with tea for breakfast.
I had neither kith nor kin in England.
I had neither the time to go shopping, nor to say goodbye to my mother.
I had never asked her to be my girlfriend.
I had never asked myself the question.
I had never been abroad before, so everything seemed strange to me.
I had never been drunk before.
I had never been in a recording studio. At that time, we didn't have stereo. Everything was mono.
I had never been kissed before.
I had never been kissed like that before.
I had never been kissed like that.
I had never been late for school before.
I had never been on a plane before.
I had never been so scared before.
I had never been so scared.
I had never been there before.
I had never before experienced life in its beauty as intensely as freely dangling over the abyss by the tips of two fingers.
I had never before seen this species of fish.
I had never done anything like that before.
I had never eaten any kind of Thai food, so I was pretty excited about going to a Thai restaurant with my grandmother.
I had never eaten sushi before.
I had never experienced anything like that before.
I had never experienced anything like that.
I had never felt more alone than at that time.
I had never given it much thought.
I had never had that problem before.
I had never heard about Lviv before.
I had never heard anyone speak of him before.
I had never met any of them before.
I had never met anyone quite like Tom before.
I had never played that game before.
I had never received such an abusive letter before.
I had never seen Rome airport so empty.
I had never seen Tom act like that before.
I had never seen Tom cry.
I had never seen Tom so upset.
I had never seen a beautiful building before.
I had never seen a giraffe till I visited the zoo.
I had never seen a more beautiful sight.
I had never seen a panda till that time.
I had never seen a panda until I went to China.
I had never seen a real elephant.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
I had never seen an elephant in real life.
I had never seen an indigo bunting until I moved here.
I had never seen anything like that before.
I had never seen her before that time.
I had never seen her before.
I had never seen her cry.
I had never seen her look so lovely.
I had never seen her so upset.
I had never seen her.
I had never seen him before.
I had never seen him cry.
I had never seen him so completely bewildered as he was on that day.
I had never seen him so upset.
I had never seen it.
I had never seen my father cry before that time.
I had never seen or heard of such an animal, and certainly it did appear very formidable; its mouth was open and teeth very large.
I had never seen so many in my life.
I had never seen so many squirrels in my life.
I had never seen so much money.
I had never seen someone like your father.
I had never seen such a beautiful girl before.
I had never seen such a shiny star.
I had never seen such an exciting baseball game before.
I had never seen such an exciting rugby match as one I saw yesterday.
I had never seen that kind of fish before.
I had never seen that kind of fish until then.
I had never seen that movie before.
I had never seen this kind of fish before.
I had never talked with Cathy until yesterday.
I had never thought I was ever going to be this successful.
I had never thought about it.
I had never thought about that.
I had never thought of that before.
I had never worn a suit.
I had nightmares for weeks.
I had nightmares.
I had no alternative but to document the war crimes.
I had no alternative.
I had no backup plan.
I had no breakfast this morning.
I had no chance to do that.
I had no chance to escape.
I had no chance to kiss Tom.
I had no chance to relax there.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
I had no choice but to accept.
I had no choice but to agree.
I had no choice but to allow Tom to do that.
I had no choice but to believe him.
I had no choice but to come.
I had no choice but to defend myself.
I had no choice but to do it.
I had no choice but to do that.
I had no choice but to do what Tom asked me to do.
I had no choice but to do what Tom told me to do.
I had no choice but to do what he asked.
I had no choice but to find a quick solution.
I had no choice but to fire him.
I had no choice but to go home.
I had no choice but to go there.
I had no choice but to go.
I had no choice but to have my left leg amputated.
I had no choice but to leave the country.
I had no choice but to leave.
I had no choice but to obey.
I had no choice but to quit.
I had no choice but to read it out to them.
I had no choice but to return home.
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.
I had no choice but to stay.
I had no choice but to take him at his word.
I had no choice but to take the plane.
I had no choice but to throw him out.
I had no choice but to wait a bit longer, but it was hurting so bad.
I had no choice except to have my left leg amputated.
I had no choice other than to obey.
I had no choice.
I had no clue what to do.
I had no clue who he was.
I had no clue who that was.
I had no clue you were a teacher.
I had no clue.
I had no coffee yesterday.
I had no control over the situation.
I had no courage to tell it to her.
I had no desire to do that.
I had no desire to kiss Tom.
I had no desire to learn French until I moved to France.
I had no desire to say anything against you.
I had no difficulty breaking the lock.
I had no difficulty doing that.
I had no difficulty finding your house.
I had no difficulty following Tom's trail.
I had no difficulty in carrying the plan out.
I had no difficulty in finding his house.
I had no difficulty in finding his office.
I had no difficulty in finding your office.
I had no difficulty in persuading my father to let me study abroad.
I had no doubt Tom would do what we asked.
I had no doubt that Tom would do what we asked.
I had no doubt.
I had no doubts I was going to win.
I had no doubts about my future steps.
I had no doubts that I was going to win.
I had no doubts.
I had no enemies.
I had no feeling in my fingers.
I had no friends except for Mary.
I had no friends except for Tom.
I had no friends in Australia.
I had no friends in Boston.
I had no idea I had to do that.
I had no idea I needed to do that.
I had no idea I should do that.
I had no idea I was being conned.
I had no idea I was being lied to.
I had no idea I was being rude.
I had no idea I was stupid.
I had no idea I was too noisy.
I had no idea I'd be betrayed so easily again.
I had no idea Mary was your daughter.
I had no idea Mary was your ex-wife.
I had no idea Mary was your girlfriend.
I had no idea Mary was your granddaughter.
I had no idea Mary was your sister.
I had no idea Mary was your wife.
I had no idea Tom and Mary had split up.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were coming.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were doctors.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were doing that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were going to do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying to me.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying to us.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were not happy.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were so sick.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were so strong.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were that old.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't happy.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
I had no idea Tom could be so cruel.
I had no idea Tom could do that.
I had no idea Tom could speak French so fluently.
I had no idea Tom couldn't speak any French.
I had no idea Tom didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea Tom felt that way.
I had no idea Tom had to do that.
I had no idea Tom knew French.
I had no idea Tom knew how to speak French.
I had no idea Tom knew so much about zebras.
I had no idea Tom needed to do that.
I had no idea Tom should do that.
I had no idea Tom wanted to do that.
I had no idea Tom was Mary's husband.
I had no idea Tom was a doctor.
I had no idea Tom was a friend of yours.
I had no idea Tom was coming.
I had no idea Tom was doing that stuff.
I had no idea Tom was doing that.
I had no idea Tom was gay.
I had no idea Tom was going to be here.
I had no idea Tom was going to do that.
I had no idea Tom was going to leave me his estate.
I had no idea Tom was going to win.
I had no idea Tom was into men.
I had no idea Tom was lying to me.
I had no idea Tom was lying to us.
I had no idea Tom was lying.
I had no idea Tom was not happy.
I had no idea Tom was on board.
I had no idea Tom was on the basketball team.
I had no idea Tom was so sick.
I had no idea Tom was so strong.
I had no idea Tom was that old.
I had no idea Tom was your boyfriend.
I had no idea Tom was your brother.
I had no idea Tom was your cousin.
I had no idea Tom was your ex-husband.
I had no idea Tom was your grandson.
I had no idea Tom was your husband.
I had no idea Tom was your son.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to be here.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to do that.
I had no idea Tom wasn't going to win.
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy here.
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.
I had no idea Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I had no idea Tom would be able to do that.
I had no idea Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I had no idea Tom would be here.
I had no idea Tom would do that.
I had no idea Tom would quit.
I had no idea Tom would take it so badly.
I had no idea Tom would win.
I had no idea Tom wouldn't do that.
I had no idea Tom wouldn't win.
I had no idea about that!
I had no idea about that.
I had no idea about the Berber language.
I had no idea about this.
I had no idea anybody lived in this cave.
I had no idea anybody said it any other way.
I had no idea anyone lived in this cave.
I had no idea anyone said it any other way.
I had no idea anything was wrong.
I had no idea as to where those photos could have been taken.
I had no idea either.
I had no idea he had passed away.
I had no idea he was a friend of yours.
I had no idea he was lying.
I had no idea he was such a good actor.
I had no idea he was your husband.
I had no idea how badly Steven was doing.
I had no idea how interesting sea stars were.
I had no idea how many people would be here.
I had no idea how many people would be there.
I had no idea how much artistry could go into a sandwich.
I had no idea how much fun this was going to be.
I had no idea how to deal with my parents' divorce.
I had no idea how to do that.
I had no idea how weird mussels were.
I had no idea how wrong I was until we tried doing that.
I had no idea it was getting so late.
I had no idea it was going to do that!
I had no idea it was so late.
I had no idea it was so urgent.
I had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant. I feel like I'm out of place.
I had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant. I feel like I’m out of place.
I had no idea it would cost so much.
I had no idea it would end this way.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
I had no idea it'd be this beautiful.
I had no idea it’d be this beautiful.
I had no idea my friend had been baking all day.
I had no idea of what she intended to do.
I had no idea she was a friend of yours.
I had no idea she was your wife.
I had no idea that I had to do that.
I had no idea that I needed to do that.
I had no idea that I should do that.
I had no idea that I was being impolite.
I had no idea that I'd do that so wrongly.
I had no idea that Mary was your daughter.
I had no idea that Mary was your ex-wife.
I had no idea that Mary was your girlfriend.
I had no idea that Mary was your granddaughter.
I had no idea that Mary was your sister.
I had no idea that Mary was your wife.
I had no idea that Stefan was in such a bad way.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary had split up.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were husband and wife.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were lying to us.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom could be so cruel.
I had no idea that Tom could do that.
I had no idea that Tom could speak French so fluently.
I had no idea that Tom couldn't speak any French.
I had no idea that Tom didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea that Tom didn't like me.
I had no idea that Tom died.
I had no idea that Tom felt that way.
I had no idea that Tom had died.
I had no idea that Tom had to do that.
I had no idea that Tom knew French.
I had no idea that Tom knew how to speak French.
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about zebras.
I had no idea that Tom needed to do that.
I had no idea that Tom should do that.
I had no idea that Tom wanted to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was Mary's husband.
I had no idea that Tom was a doctor.
I had no idea that Tom was coming.
I had no idea that Tom was going to be here.
I had no idea that Tom was going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was going to leave me his estate.
I had no idea that Tom was going to win.
I had no idea that Tom was lying.
I had no idea that Tom was on the basketball team.
I had no idea that Tom was planning on asking Mary not to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning on asking Mary to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning on doing that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning on telling Mary not to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning on telling Mary to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to ask Mary not to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to ask Mary to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to tell Mary not to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was planning to tell Mary to do that.
I had no idea that Tom was so sick.
I had no idea that Tom was so strong.
I had no idea that Tom was your boyfriend.
I had no idea that Tom was your brother.
I had no idea that Tom was your cousin.
I had no idea that Tom was your husband.
I had no idea that Tom was your son.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't going to be here.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't happy here.
I had no idea that Tom would be able to do that.
I had no idea that Tom would be as enthusiastic about doing that as he was.
I had no idea that Tom would do that.
I had no idea that Tom would quit.
I had no idea that Tom would win.
I had no idea that Tom wouldn't win.
I had no idea that anybody lived in this cave.
I had no idea that anybody was going to be there.
I had no idea that anyone lived in this cave.
I had no idea that anything was wrong.
I had no idea that he was your husband.
I had no idea that it was so urgent.
I had no idea that she was your wife.
I had no idea that such individuals exist outside of stories.
I had no idea that that was going to happen.
I had no idea that there was a bank so near your house.
I had no idea that there were so many people in the other room.
I had no idea that things were so bad.
I had no idea that this bracelet was stolen.
I had no idea that this was going to happen.
I had no idea that this was happening.
I had no idea that type of contraception existed!
I had no idea that was going to happen.
I had no idea that we had so much in common.
I had no idea that you collected stamps.
I had no idea that you could cook so well.
I had no idea that you could dance.
I had no idea that you could speak French so well.
I had no idea that you could speak French.
I had no idea that you couldn't speak French.
I had no idea that you couldn't swim.
I had no idea that you dated Tom.
I had no idea that you didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea that you didn't know how to swim.
I had no idea that you didn't like Tom.
I had no idea that you didn't like carrots.
I had no idea that you felt that way.
I had no idea that you knew Tom.
I had no idea that you knew how to play the bassoon.
I had no idea that you knew how to play the trombone.
I had no idea that you knew how to speak French.
I had no idea that you used to date Tom.
I had no idea that you were a teacher.
I had no idea that you were coming.
I had no idea that you were having problems with Tom.
I had no idea that you were having trouble with Tom.
I had no idea that you were here.
I had no idea that you were in here in Australia.
I had no idea that you were in here in Boston.
I had no idea that you were involved.
I had no idea that you were planning on going to Boston.
I had no idea that you were planning to go to Boston.
I had no idea that you were so dedicated.
I had no idea that you were so good at French.
I had no idea that you were so good at cooking.
I had no idea that you were so good at playing the guitar.
I had no idea that you were so ruthless.
I had no idea that you were so stupid.
I had no idea that you were so young.
I had no idea that you were still alive.
I had no idea that you were there.
I had no idea that you were unhappy.
I had no idea that you worked here.
I had no idea that you'd be here.
I had no idea that you'd ever met Tom.
I had no idea then what Tom was going to do.
I had no idea there was a bank so near your house.
I had no idea there were so many people in the other room.
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.
I had no idea things had gotten this bad.
I had no idea things were so bad.
I had no idea this bracelet was stolen.
I had no idea this was going to happen.
I had no idea this was happening.
I had no idea we had so much in common.
I had no idea what I should do.
I had no idea what I should say.
I had no idea what I should write.
I had no idea what I was doing.
I had no idea what I was looking for.
I had no idea what I was supposed to do.
I had no idea what Tom had to do.
I had no idea what Tom is capable of.
I had no idea what Tom was capable of.
I had no idea what Tom was doing.
I had no idea what Tom was going to say.
I had no idea what Tom was talking about.
I had no idea what Tom was thinking.
I had no idea what Tom's plan was.
I had no idea what it was.
I had no idea what she was talking about.
I had no idea what the sentence could possibly mean, but once I saw the translation, everything suddenly clicked.
I had no idea what time I was supposed to be there.
I had no idea what to do to break that suffocating silence.
I had no idea what to do.
I had no idea what to expect.
I had no idea what to say.
I had no idea what to tell them, so I sat in a corner and kept drinking.
I had no idea what was going on.
I had no idea what was going to happen.
I had no idea what was happening.
I had no idea what was in that room until recently.
I had no idea what you were looking for.
I had no idea where I should go.
I had no idea where I was because it was completely dark.
I had no idea where I was supposed to go.
I had no idea where I was.
I had no idea where it came from.
I had no idea where to go.
I had no idea where we were going.
I had no idea where you were.
I had no idea where you'd gone.
I had no idea which direction to go.
I had no idea who he was.
I had no idea who might've done that.
I had no idea who she was.
I had no idea who that man was.
I had no idea why.
I had no idea you collected stamps.
I had no idea you could cook so well.
I had no idea you could dance.
I had no idea you could do that.
I had no idea you could love someone the way you love your baby.
I had no idea you could speak French so well.
I had no idea you could speak French.
I had no idea you couldn't speak French.
I had no idea you couldn't swim.
I had no idea you didn't have a driver's license.
I had no idea you didn't know how to speak French.
I had no idea you didn't know how to swim.
I had no idea you didn't like Tom.
I had no idea you didn't like carrots.
I had no idea you felt that way.
I had no idea you guys were getting married. You should've told me earlier, darn it.
I had no idea you knew Tom.
I had no idea you knew her.
I had no idea you knew him.
I had no idea you knew how to do that.
I had no idea you knew how to play mahjong.
I had no idea you knew how to play the bassoon.
I had no idea you knew how to play the cello.
I had no idea you knew how to play the trombone.
I had no idea you knew how to speak French.
I had no idea you knew them.
I had no idea you lived so close to me.
I had no idea you were a member at this club.
I had no idea you were a surgeon.
I had no idea you were a teacher.
I had no idea you were coming.
I had no idea you were having trouble with Tom.
I had no idea you were here.
I had no idea you were in here in Australia.
I had no idea you were in here in Boston.
I had no idea you were interested in Japanese art.
I had no idea you were involved.
I had no idea you were like that.
I had no idea you were on a date.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Australia.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Boston.
I had no idea you were planning to go to Australia.
I had no idea you were planning to go to Boston.
I had no idea you were planning to go to graduate school.
I had no idea you were so dedicated.
I had no idea you were so good at French.
I had no idea you were so good at cooking.
I had no idea you were so good at playing the guitar.
I had no idea you were so ruthless.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no idea you were still alive.
I had no idea you were such a good cook.
I had no idea you were there.
I had no idea you were unhappy.
I had no idea you were waiting.
I had no idea you worked as a surgeon.
I had no idea you worked here.
I had no idea you'd be here.
I had no idea you'd been married twice.
I had no idea you'd been waiting.
I had no idea you'd ever met Tom.
I had no idea you'd put it there.
I had no idea!
I had no idea.
I had no intent on stealing anything.
I had no intent to do that.
I had no intention of deceiving you.
I had no intention of doing so.
I had no intention of doing that.
I had no intention of going there by myself.
I had no intention of living in a large city from the start.
I had no intention of staying that long.
I had no keener pleasure than in following Holmes in his professional investigations, and in admiring the rapid deductions, as swift as intuitions, and yet always founded on a logical basis with which he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him.
I had no knowledge of the particulars.
I had no lawyer at that time.
I had no luck yesterday.
I had no money left.
I had no money on me at that time.
I had no money to buy a ticket.
I had no money to buy the ticket.
I had no money.
I had no more than 1,000 yen.
I had no more than five dollars.
I had no more than three pounds.
I had no more time to make that better.
I had no notion that you were coming.
I had no one but myself to blame.
I had no one to leave Tom with.
I had no one to talk to.
I had no one to talk with.
I had no one to turn to.
I had no opportunity to do that.
I had no other choice but to accept the proposal.
I had no other choice but to do it.
I had no other choice but to take him at his word.
I had no other choice.
I had no other way of contacting you, so I came here in person.
I had no place else to go.
I had no place to go.
I had no problem doing it.
I had no problem doing that.
I had no problem with Tom.
I had no problem with that.
I had no real idea what it looked like.
I had no reason not to do that.
I had no reason to do so.
I had no reason to do that.
I had no reason to lie.
I had no reason to stay.
I had no regrets.
I had no respect to Layla from the moment I saw her.
I had no right to interfere.
I had no right to say something like that.
I had no sales today.
I had no school today, so I spent the whole day at home watching TV.
I had no sense of time whatsoever.
I had no shovel, so I made do with a bricklayer's trowel.
I had no sooner arrived in Kyoto than I fell ill.
I had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it.
I had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard.
I had no sooner left the shop than I met my teacher.
I had no sooner reached the station than the train started.
I had no sooner sat down than the telephone rang.
I had no such knowledge.
I had no support system.
I had no suspicion of your existence.
I had no time to do that.
I had no time to eat.
I had no time to read your email.
I had no time to rest.
I had no toys or anything else, so I used a chalk that had been bought for me and drew pictures and letters on a closet door.
I had no trouble doing that.
I had no trouble falling asleep.
I had no trouble finding Tom's house.
I had no trouble finding Tom's office.
I had no trouble finding a job.
I had no trouble finding his office.
I had no trouble seeing what was happening.
I had no trouble understanding the concept.
I had no visitor today.
I had no visitors today.
I had no way of knowing where Tom and Mary were.
I had no way of knowing where Tom was.
I had no way of knowing who Tom and Mary were meeting.
I had no way of knowing who Tom was meeting.
I had no way of knowing why you were doing it.
I had no work yesterday.
I had nobody to ask for advice.
I had nobody to play with when I lived with my grandmother.
I had nobody to talk to.
I had not a little difficulty in bringing the truth home to him.
I had not been in my study five minutes when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see me.
I had not been in my study five minutes when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see me. To my astonishment it was none other than my strange old book collector, his sharp, wizened face peering out from a frame of white hair, and his precious volumes, a dozen of them at least, wedged under his right arm.
I had not been ready yet.
I had not been waiting long before I heard footsteps coming upstairs.
I had not even time to put on my hat.
I had not expected Tom to be able to speak French.
I had not expected Tom to be at the meeting.
I had not expected Tom to swim.
I had not gone a mile when it began to rain.
I had not gone far before I met him.
I had not gone far before it began to rain.
I had not gone so far before I felt sick.
I had not gone very far when I was caught in a shower.
I had not once thought about going into the sea since I came here, but at this moment, for some reason, I wanted to remove my clothes.
I had not read this book.
I had not realized how important this is to you.
I had not remembered what the pluperfect tense was until I looked it up to write this sentence.
I had not run five minutes when I got out of breath.
I had not seen a lion before I was ten years old.
I had not seen it, because the vision came too late.
I had not seen you for ever like that.
I had not waited long before Mary came.
I had not waited long before he appeared.
I had not waited long before he arrived.
I had not waited long before he came.
I had not waited long before she turned up.
I had not waited long before the bus came.
I had not waited ten minutes before Mary came.
I had nothing better to do.
I had nothing else to do.
I had nothing else to say to Tom.
I had nothing else to say.
I had nothing else to wear.
I had nothing in common with them.
I had nothing in particular to say.
I had nothing left but misery.
I had nothing left to eat.
I had nothing more to say.
I had nothing to add.
I had nothing to complain about.
I had nothing to do with Tom.
I had nothing to do with her.
I had nothing to do with it.
I had nothing to do with that accident.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
I had nothing to do with that problem.
I had nothing to do with that situation.
I had nothing to do with that.
I had nothing to do with the accident.
I had nothing to do with the group.
I had nothing to do with the matter.
I had nothing to do with them.
I had nothing to do with this.
I had nothing to do with what happened here today.
I had nothing to do with what happened here yesterday.
I had nothing to do with what happened last night.
I had nothing to do with what happened.
I had nothing to do, so I went home.
I had nothing to hide.
I had nothing to lose.
I had nothing to say to Tom.
I had nothing to say to her.
I had nothing to say to him.
I had nothing to say to them.
I had nothing to say, so I left.
I had nothing to say.
I had nothing to tell Tom at that moment.
I had noticed that.
I had nowhere else to go.
I had nowhere to go.
I had nowhere to hide.
I had nowhere to sleep.
I had numerous dreams about him.
I had often endeavoured to elicit from my companion what had first turned his mind in the direction of criminal research, but had never caught him before in a communicative humour.
I had one advantage.
I had one beer and pretended to be very drunk.
I had one beer!
I had one child.
I had one just like it when I was a kid.
I had one last hope.
I had one more question I was planning to ask, but I forgot to.
I had one of my wisdom teeth pulled out last week.
I had one of those once.
I had one or two questions which I wished to ask you.
I had one years ago.
I had one.
I had only a small sum of money on me at that time.
I had only one aim in throwing everything away to run this restaurant.
I had only one dream.
I had only one drink.
I had only thirty dollars.
I had only three pennies left in my pocket.
I had only three weeks to do that.
I had originally planned to only foster the puppy until a forever home could be found, so I hadn't anticipated growing so close to the little mutt that adopting him became inevitable.
I had other plans for tomorrow.
I had other plans.
I had other things on my mind.
I had otitis media last year.
I had pain all over my body.
I had perfect attendance this year.
I had piles of fun.
I had pizza for lunch, so I don't want pizza for dinner.
I had pizza for lunch, so I'd like to have something other than pizza for dinner.
I had pizza for lunch, so make dinner something other than pizza.
I had pizza for lunch.
I had placed there as gamekeeper, an old retired gendarme, a good man, hot-tempered, a severe disciplinarian, a terror to poachers and fearing nothing.
I had planned for this.
I had planned on doing that yesterday.
I had planned on doing that, but I couldn't figure out how.
I had planned on doing that.
I had planned something.
I had planned to become a doctor.
I had planned to become a teacher, but I never did.
I had planned to do that yesterday.
I had planned to do that, but I couldn't figure out how.
I had planned to do that.
I had planned to go abroad.
I had planned to leave for New York the next morning.
I had planned to stay at home all afternoon.
I had planned to stay in Australia all month, but something came up and I had to come back to New Zealand.
I had planned to stay in Boston all month, but something came up and I had to go to Chicago.
I had planned to stop at the supermarket on the way home, but it was closed.
I had planned to visit the temple last week.
I had plans as well.
I had plans for the future.
I had plans with Tom.
I had plenty of time to do that.
I had plenty of time to talk to many friends.
I had plenty of time.
I had practically nothing to do with it.
I had problems I had to deal with.
I had problems solving that problem.
I had problems with my former tenants.
I had promised Tom that I would be there.
I had promised you and I did it.
I had purchased a green car.
I had quite a busy day today.
I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.
I had rather never have been born than have seen this day of shame.
I had read it.
I had read only a few pages before I fell asleep.
I had realized the trap she had set for me.
I had received the letter three days before.
I had recognized you.
I had red cheeks.
I had rented it the day before.
I had repaired my watch.
I had resolved to steal one yen to go see it, but we were poor and there was no way I would find one yen to steal around our house.
I had retinal detachment five years ago.
I had risen from my seat and was knocking out the ashes of my pipe when I suddenly heard the clang of the bell.
I had romantic ulterior motives.
I had rough day today.
I had scarcely entered the class before the students started asking questions.
I had scarcely gone out before the phone rang.
I had scarcely left home when it began to rain.
I had scarcely opened the cage when the canary flew out.
I had scarcely walked a minute before I met Tom.
I had scarcely walked a minute before I met him.
I had scrambled eggs for breakfast.
I had second thoughts.
I had seen humans I loved in similar straits.
I had seen little of Tom lately.
I had seen my husband for the first time, on that day.
I had service.
I had sex with Tang.
I had sex with a Soviet-American woman.
I had sex with my own sister.
I had shingles once.
I had shopped around for quite a while before I found a good deal.
I had shorts on.
I had six days of Berber class a week.
I had six dogs.
I had six years of German at school, but I've forgotten almost all of it.
I had slipped in the bathtub.
I had smoke in my eyes.
I had so little time that I had to eat lunch in a hurry.
I had so many flowers that I couldn't carry any more.
I had so many ideas that I started to get into the habit of carrying a pen and a notebook with me even when I went for walks.
I had so much fun at the movies yesterday. You really need to see this movie.
I had so much fun doing that.
I had so much fun today.
I had so much fun when I was young.
I had so much fun with you.
I had so much fun.
I had some bad breaks.
I had some business to take care of.
I had some calls to make, too.
I had some calls to make.
I had some cash stashed away.
I had some cash, my credit cards, and my driver's license in my wallet.
I had some custard pudding for an afternoon snack.
I had some difficulty finding Tom's house.
I had some difficulty finding his house.
I had some difficulty finding your house.
I had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to.
I had some engine trouble yesterday.
I had some food.
I had some free time yesterday, so I did that.
I had some free time yesterday, so I spent some time in the park with my children.
I had some free time yesterday, so I went.
I had some free time, so I decided to wander around town.
I had some free time, so I wandered around town.
I had some fun.
I had some guests come and couldn't do that.
I had some heavy food and I have heartburn now.
I had some help doing this.
I had some help painting the fence.
I had some help.
I had some interesting experiences while I was traveling.
I had some interesting experiences while traveling.
I had some jam.
I had some jelly.
I had some money squirreled away.
I had some money stolen yesterday.
I had some pie.
I had some plums.
I had some problems dealing with Tom.
I had some problems to take care of.
I had some problems.
I had some pudding for an afternoon snack.
I had some questions and raised my hand.
I had some questions that I wanted to ask Tom.
I had some really weird dreams last night.
I had some really weird dreams tonight.
I had some sort of hunch something would go wrong.
I had some tequila.
I had some things to do before the meeting.
I had some things to do.
I had some things to take care of.
I had some things to work out.
I had some time to think about what I had to do.
I had some time to think.
I had some trouble figuring out the answer.
I had some trouble finding her house yesterday.
I had some trouble finding the original quote.
I had some trouble in finding his house.
I had some trouble with the work.
I had some trouble.
I had some work that I needed to do.
I had some work that needed finishing.
I had some work that needed to be finished.
I had some work to do before the meeting took place.
I had some.
I had something else in mind.
I had something else on my mind.
I had something else planned.
I had something planned.
I had something similar happen to me once.
I had something to do, so I couldn't go home right away.
I had soon given up all hope.
I had sooner sleep than eat.
I had sore legs the next day.
I had stage fright at first, but I got over it quickly.
I had started to forget Tom.
I had stayed in Boston before I returned to Japan.
I had steak and potatoes last night.
I had stored that wheat.
I had strange dreams last night.
I had strawberry ice cream for dessert.
I had stuff to do so I didn't have time to feel lonely.
I had stuff to do.
I had subscriptions to two newspapers.
I had such a crush on Mary when I was in junior high school.
I had such a happy childhood.
I had such a horrible dream last night.
I had such a lovely night.
I had such a wonderful time tonight.
I had such fun times when I was a kid.
I had such high hopes for you.
I had sunk into a light sleep when I was suddenly aroused by a slight noise.
I had supper in Berlin, and breakfast in Boston.
I had surgery.
I had sushi every day in Tokyo.
I had suspected as much.
I had suspicions.
I had taken a loathing to my gentleman at first sight.
I had taken on more than I could cope with.
I had tasks to accomplish before the meeting began.
I had tea instead of beer tonight.
I had tea instead of coffee this morning.
I had tea without sugar, because I want to lose some weight.
I had tears on my eyes.
I had that dream again last night.
I had that dream again.
I had that feeling.
I had that teacher for three years.
I had that teacher in 2006.
I had that test in the meeting room.
I had that watch for thirty years.
I had that weird dream again last night.
I had the TV on.
I had the afternoon off.
I had the air conditioner on.
I had the air conditioning on.
I had the article accepted by a travel magazine.
I had the artist paint my portrait.
I had the asparagus soup.
I had the best costume.
I had the best of intentions, but—as I now know all too well—the road to hell is paved with them.
I had the best seat in the house.
I had the best time of my life.
I had the boy carry my bag.
I had the brakes of my bicycle adjusted.
I had the car checked.
I had the car washed yesterday.
I had the carpet shampooed.
I had the chance to buy that, but I decided not to.
I had the chance to do that, but I decided not to.
I had the chance to seal it.
I had the chance to sit down in a train for the first time in a long time.
I had the chance to talk to people about Islam.
I had the chance to visit Boston once.
I had the confirmation.
I had the creeps about that.
I had the day off yesterday.
I had the documents sent to Tom.
I had the door locked.
I had the door mended.
I had the door repaired.
I had the exact same feeling.
I had the feeling Tom knew more about Mary than he let on.
I had the feeling like I was missing something.
I had the feeling something bad was going to happen.
I had the feeling something was going to happen.
I had the feeling something wasn't right.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary were going to be late.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I had the feeling that Tom knew more about Mary than he let on.
I had the feeling that Tom knew something more about Mary than he let on.
I had the feeling that Tom was going to be late.
I had the feeling that Tom wasn't going to be here.
I had the feeling that something wasn't right.
I had the feeling you were going to ask me that.
I had the flu last month.
I had the fortune to meet him live.
I had the fortune to win the first prize in the speech contest.
I had the gardener plant some trees.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
I had the good fortune to succeed.
I had the good luck to find him at home.
I had the halibut.
I had the heat on high.
I had the heat turned up.
I had the heating on.
I had the hiccups.
I had the highest grade possible on the Berber text.
I had the honor of working with Tom.
I had the honor to sit in the first row.
I had the house all to myself.
I had the impression Tom didn't know what was going on.
I had the impression Tom knew what was going on.
I had the impression Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
I had the impression that Tom didn't know what was going on.
I had the impression that Tom knew what was going on.
I had the impression that Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
I had the lamb stew.
I had the lamb.
I had the letter written by him.
I had the locks changed.
I had the luck to find a good job.
I had the luck to see him.
I had the most amazing day.
I had the most amazing experience.
I had the most incredible day.
I had the most incredible evening.
I had the most to gain.
I had the most to lose.
I had the most upsetting day.
I had the most wonderful time.
I had the nagging feeling that I'd forgotten something.
I had the nerve removed from my tooth.
I had the nicest time.
I had the oddest dream last night.
I had the opportunity to do that last summer.
I had the opportunity to make a fortune.
I had the opportunity to make a lot of money.
I had the opportunity to see him in Paris.
I had the opportunity to study with top-level professors.
I had the paradise in my heart.
I had the perfect birthday party.
I had the perfect birthday.
I had the piano tuned.
I had the picture framed.
I had the pleasure of learning that you recently became the manager of the production division.
I had the pleasure to try the good Gaucho barbecue.
I had the porter carry my luggage to my room.
I had the porter carry my suitcase.
I had the porter take my suitcases to my room.
I had the repairman repair the machine.
I had the right to do that.
I had the right to say that.
I had the right to take revenge.
I had the same choice.
I had the same concern.
I had the same doubts.
I had the same idea.
I had the same impression.
I had the same math teacher for two years.
I had the same meal as Tom.
I had the same nightmare again.
I had the same nightmare.
I had the same problem as you did.
I had the same problem as you.
I had the same problem myself.
I had the same problem when I was your age.
I had the same problem.
I had the same problems.
I had the same thing happen to me last month.
I had the same thought.
I had the same version.
I had the satisfaction of finishing the work.
I had the scissors.
I had the sneaking feeling I'd forgotten something.
I had the strangest cravings.
I had the strangest day.
I had the strangest dream last night.
I had the strangest dream.
I had the strangest dreams.
I had the strangest hallucinations.
I had the strangest morning.
I had the strangest thought ever.
I had the strangest thought.
I had the strangest visions.
I had the students make crafts with construction paper.
I had the tailor make a suit for me.
I had the time of my life.
I had the trout.
I had the tuna.
I had the urge to punch Tom back then.
I had the veal.
I had the very same idea.
I had the waiter bring us some coffee.
I had the weekend off.
I had the weirdest cravings.
I had the weirdest day.
I had the weirdest dream last night.
I had the weirdest dream.
I had the weirdest hallucinations.
I had the weirdest visions.
I had the whole thing planned.
I had the winning hand.
I had the word on the tip of my tongue.
I had the worst day imaginable.
I had the worst time ever.
I had the worst time possible.
I had the worst time writing on my Portuguese test.
I had the worst weekend.
I had the wrong idea.
I had the wrong things.
I had them all arrested.
I had them all fired.
I had them both.
I had then no choice.
I had these fruits called sapodillas that taste like apple pie.
I had things I had to deal with.
I had things I needed to do.
I had things to do, so I couldn't leave right away.
I had things to do.
I had things to take care of.
I had things to think about.
I had this custom made.
I had this dream about a massive army of zombie authors that went around attacking and eating the brains of editors.
I had this friend once who looked just like Tom.
I had this guitar custom made.
I had this illness before.
I had this suit custom made for me.
I had this teacher for first period.
I had this teacher for two years.
I had those once.
I had thought about it.
I had thought everything would be better for us when the car was fixed, but nothing changed.
I had thought of buying a used car, but since I'm earning a decent amount of money now, I decided to splurge and buy a new one.
I had thought that I had already corrected it.
I had thought that he was a man, but it turned out that he was a woman.
I had thought that it would be good if I had been able to meet her there.
I had three 100 dollar bills in my wallet.
I had three aces.
I had three appointments today, so I wanted to make sure I was prepared.
I had three assignments due over the weekend.
I had three assistants.
I had three beers.
I had three blood transfusions.
I had three bucks in my wallet.
I had three cancellations before noon.
I had three choices.
I had three coffees while waiting for Tom.
I had three cups of coffee.
I had three customers this morning.
I had three days off.
I had three days to pack all my things and go.
I had three dogs.
I had three dollars left.
I had three dollars on me.
I had three employees.
I had three euros left.
I had three exams today.
I had three friends in Boston that I wanted to visit.
I had three girlfriends: the first was a blonde, the second a brunette, and the third a redhead.
I had three glasses of wine.
I had three great ideas.
I had three great years here.
I had three in all.
I had three job interviews today.
I had three maids.
I had three margaritas.
I had three martinis today.
I had three meetings with Tom.
I had three moles removed.
I had three more minutes to decide what to do.
I had three new friend requests yesterday.
I had three of them.
I had three options.
I had three patients this morning.
I had three people with me.
I had three pesos left.
I had three servants.
I had three shots of rum.
I had three shots of tequila.
I had three tests today.
I had three very good reasons.
I had three voice messages.
I had three whiskies.
I had three whole days to do the assignment, yet I still decided to do it the night before. Why? Because I'm a procrastinator.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
I had to accept it.
I had to act as soon as possible.
I had to act at once.
I had to act quickly.
I had to adjust the clock.
I had to admit he was right.
I had to admit it was funny.
I had to admit that Tom was right.
I had to admit that it was funny.
I had to admit that the end result wasn't bad at all.
I had to agree with Tom.
I had to agree.
I had to amputate Tom's leg.
I had to amuse myself with toys.
I had to answer the call of nature.
I had to arrest Tom.
I had to arrest her.
I had to arrest him.
I had to arrest them.
I had to ask Tom about that.
I had to attend a meeting so I couldn't make it in time to pick Tom up after school.
I had to attend two meetings yesterday, and there was no time to have lunch between.
I had to babysit him for the whole day and let me say, he just sucked in all my energy levels.
I had to be able to comprehend Berber.
I had to be aggressive.
I had to be amputated.
I had to be here yesterday.
I had to be in Australia all week.
I had to be in Boston all week.
I had to be quiet to make sure I didn't wake Tom up.
I had to be self-sufficient.
I had to be sure I could trust you.
I had to be sure.
I had to be there by 2:30.
I had to be very firm.
I had to beg Tom to ask Mary out on a date.
I had to beg my friends to come to my party.
I had to beg my friends to come.
I had to behave as if nothing had happened.
I had to bite my lip to prevent myself from laughing.
I had to book a flight for Tom.
I had to book a flight for her.
I had to book a flight for him.
I had to book a flight for them.
I had to borrow money to purchase the car.
I had to break a window to get in.
I had to buy a new pair of boots.
I had to buy a separate adapter to use the headset with my newest phone.
I had to buy some food.
I had to call Tom to get permission to do that.
I had to call a taxi.
I had to call a tow truck.
I had to call off the party.
I had to call the police.
I had to cancel my gym membership.
I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.
I had to cancel the meeting.
I had to cancel the order because we didn't have enough money.
I had to carry Mary's suitcase for her.
I had to carry Tom to bed.
I had to carry Tom upstairs.
I had to carry Tom's and Mary's suitcases for them.
I had to carry Tom's suitcase for him.
I had to catch the first train this morning in order to get here in time.
I had to catch the first train this morning to get here in time.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
I had to change my plans.
I had to change the plan.
I had to change the rules.
I had to change trains twice.
I had to check my bag.
I had to check their qualifications.
I had to choose between A and B, but I wanted C.
I had to choose between A and B.
I had to choose between doing that or doing this.
I had to choose between the two.
I had to choose going with him or staying here alone.
I had to choose whether to go with him or to stay here alone.
I had to chuck that stuff out.
I had to clear my dog's browser history.
I had to climb over the fence.
I had to climb over the wall.
I had to come back, because I forgot my key here.
I had to come here.
I had to come to Australia for a meeting.
I had to come to Boston for a meeting.
I had to come to terms with my present salary.
I had to come up with an excuse that could pass as true.
I had to come yesterday.
I had to compete with him for promotion.
I had to compromise on this point.
I had to conclude he was right.
I had to consider Tom's proposal.
I had to consider what might happen.
I had to console her on the telephone.
I had to cool down.
I had to cool my heels for an hour in front of the door, waiting for his highness to leave the bathroom.
I had to coordinate the tasks of twenty people.
I had to crawl under the fence.
I had to create a solid foundation for my future.
I had to cross it out.
I had to cross the bridge.
I had to cross the sea.
I had to cross the stream.
I had to deal with Tom.
I had to deal with an emergency.
I had to deal with her.
I had to deal with him.
I had to deal with some annoying passengers.
I had to deal with them.
I had to decide right then and there.
I had to decide.
I had to decline his offer.
I had to decline the invitation because I was ill.
I had to decline the invitation because I was sick.
I had to defend myself.
I had to disagree with Tom.
I had to do Tom's job.
I had to do all the housework, but I wish I had gone to the movies or shopping.
I had to do all the talking.
I had to do everything Tom told me to do.
I had to do everything alone.
I had to do everything by myself.
I had to do everything myself.
I had to do everything on my own.
I had to do it alone.
I had to do it before 2:30.
I had to do it by myself.
I had to do it instead of Tom.
I had to do it with Tom.
I had to do it you fool!
I had to do it, there was no other choice.
I had to do it.
I had to do my duty.
I had to do so much studying to learn Berber.
I had to do some quick thinking.
I had to do something about it.
I had to do something about that by myself.
I had to do something fast.
I had to do something that Tom was supposed to do.
I had to do something.
I had to do ten sessions of physiotherapy after I injured my shoulder.
I had to do that before 2:30.
I had to do that by myself.
I had to do that even though I didn't want to.
I had to do that for three years.
I had to do that quickly.
I had to do that three weeks ago.
I had to do that to survive.
I had to do that yesterday.
I had to do that, too.
I had to do that.
I had to do the dirty work.
I had to do this on short notice.
I had to do this today.
I had to do what I did.
I had to drag Tom out of bed.
I had to drag him out of bed.
I had to drive a drunk friend home.
I had to drive home because Tom was drunk.
I had to drive myself to hospital.
I had to drive myself to the hospital.
I had to drop Tom off at his friend's.
I had to drop Tom off at school.
I had to drop out of college and get a job.
I had to drop something off at Tom's office.
I had to earn your trust.
I had to eat lunch by myself.
I had to explain everything to Tom.
I had to explain the situation to them.
I had to face this alone.
I had to fill the gap left when our head clerk quit on short notice.
I had to find Tom.
I had to find a way to make it up to Tom.
I had to find another solution.
I had to find another way.
I had to find my own path.
I had to find my own way.
I had to find out for myself.
I had to finish the job by the stated date.
I had to finish the work by yesterday.
I had to finish what I'd started.
I had to fire Tom.
I had to fire her.
I had to fire him.
I had to fire my chauffeur.
I had to fire them.
I had to fix the toaster.
I had to fix what Tom had broken.
I had to flee.
I had to follow his every request.
I had to force Tom to take it.
I had to format my hard drive, but forgot to back up my saves. As a result, I lost all my progress.
I had to get Tom to school.
I had to get a molar extracted.
I had to get a tetanus shot after slicing my little finger with the serrated edge of a butter knife.
I had to get a whole new set of joypads for the new Playstation 5.
I had to get all the facts before I could make a decision.
I had to get away from Boston.
I had to get away from Tom.
I had to get away from her.
I had to get away from here.
I had to get away from him.
I had to get away from them.
I had to get back home.
I had to get everyone's attention.
I had to get her to school.
I had to get him to school.
I had to get home before 2:30.
I had to get home by myself.
I had to get it off my chest.
I had to get it removed.
I had to get my computer repaired as it was broken.
I had to get my tattoo removed.
I had to get out of Australia quickly.
I had to get out of Australia.
I had to get out of Boston quickly.
I had to get out of Boston.
I had to get out of the house.
I had to get out of there.
I had to get rid of my doubt about it.
I had to get seven stitches.
I had to get some help.
I had to get some money.
I had to get something from my room.
I had to get something out of the car.
I had to get something.
I had to get that off my chest.
I had to get the axes to chop the wood.
I had to get the facts.
I had to get them to school.
I had to get this off my chest.
I had to get up early.
I had to get up very early this morning.
I had to get used to doing it like this.
I had to get used to seeing swastikas in India. It's not their fault what Nazis did to their symbol.
I had to give Tom a little help.
I had to give Tom a little money.
I had to give Tom everything he asked for.
I had to give Tom more time to think about it.
I had to give Tom time to think about it.
I had to give a speech.
I had to give it a shot.
I had to give it a try.
I had to give it back to Tom.
I had to give them the 411 on the situation.
I had to give up my ego.
I had to give up my passion for football for a long while in my life, but I'm seriously thinking about picking it up once again very soon.
I had to give up my plan.
I had to give up our plan.
I had to give up.
I had to go alone.
I had to go along with it.
I had to go back home.
I had to go back to Australia without Tom.
I had to go back to Australia.
I had to go back to Boston without Tom.
I had to go back to Boston.
I had to go back to the office.
I had to go back.
I had to go home and change clothes.
I had to go home and change.
I had to go home at 2:30.
I had to go home early.
I had to go home.
I had to go myself.
I had to go on a trip, but I left my children in good hands.
I had to go out for a while.
I had to go shopping with Tom.
I had to go there alone.
I had to go there by myself.
I had to go there myself.
I had to go there yesterday.
I had to go there.
I had to go therefore to all those who appeared to have some knowledge.
I had to go through hell and high water to get my driver's licence.
I had to go to America.
I had to go to Australia by myself.
I had to go to Australia last week.
I had to go to Australia on business last week.
I had to go to Australia with Tom.
I had to go to Australia.
I had to go to Boston by myself.
I had to go to Boston last week.
I had to go to Boston on business last week.
I had to go to Boston with Tom.
I had to go to Boston.
I had to go to Kabylie.
I had to go to a meeting.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
I had to go to the dentist last Monday.
I had to go to the doctor.
I had to go to the emergency room.
I had to go to the hospital.
I had to go to the library yesterday.
I had to go to work.
I had to go under a tree to shelter from the rain.
I had to go.
I had to grab her to keep her from falling.
I had to grin and bear it.
I had to hand over all our cash.
I had to hang on to my Islamic faith.
I had to harvest oats but I found the chickpeas in good shape.
I had to have Tom rewrite the report.
I had to have a molar out.
I had to have a molar pulled out.
I had to have a tooth pulled out.
I had to have my brother help me with my homework due to illness.
I had to have my left leg amputated.
I had to have two fillings.
I had to help Tom and Mary do that.
I had to help Tom carry some boxes.
I had to help Tom clean the house.
I had to help Tom do that.
I had to help Tom move some furniture.
I had to help Tom yesterday afternoon.
I had to help Tom yesterday morning.
I had to help Tom.
I had to help her.
I had to help him.
I had to help them.
I had to help with the housework.
I had to hide from the police.
I had to hide my money.
I had to hide.
I had to hire a car.
I had to hold my dog back when a cat crossed our lawn.
I had to hold my umbrella with both hands.
I had to hold on to her to keep her from falling.
I had to hold on to her to stop her falling.
I had to hurry the work.
I had to hurry.
I had to improvise.
I had to iron his shirts again! It's the last time!
I had to judge it for myself.
I had to keep busy, so I wouldn't think about what had happened.
I had to keep moving.
I had to keep my cool.
I had to keep my secret.
I had to keep us amused with toys.
I had to kill Tom.
I had to kill someone for self-defence, he was pointing a gun at me!
I had to knock, as the doorbell wasn't working.
I had to know more.
I had to know the truth about it.
I had to know the truth.
I had to laugh about it.
I had to laugh when I saw him.
I had to lay all the truth down, I couldn't keep it all inside.
I had to learn Berber quickly.
I had to learn a new language to talk with my wife.
I had to learn how to walk again.
I had to learn some new tricks.
I had to learn that the hard way.
I had to learn the hard way that it is not advisable to drive your car when you're drunk.
I had to learn the hard way that you need to study to get good grades in university.
I had to learn the hard way. I certainly shan't be making that mistake again.
I had to learn this poem by heart at school.
I had to learn to forgive.
I had to leave Australia.
I had to leave Boston.
I had to leave Warsaw and make my living somewhere else.
I had to leave earlier this morning.
I had to leave early this morning.
I had to leave early.
I had to leave in a hurry.
I had to leave my car in the middle of the road.
I had to leave my homeland to live here.
I had to leave my job.
I had to leave out this problem for lack of space.
I had to leave the car in the middle of the street.
I had to leave the room because it was too smoky.
I had to leave the theater in the middle of the concert.
I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
I had to leave there by 2:30.
I had to leave.
I had to lend Tom money so he could pay his rent.
I had to lend him a shirt.
I had to lend to him money.
I had to let Tom go.
I had to let Tom win.
I had to let her go.
I had to let her win.
I had to let him go.
I had to let him win.
I had to let loose a bit.
I had to let that go.
I had to let them go.
I had to let them win.
I had to lie again.
I had to lie down for a while because I was feeling dizzy.
I had to lie to Tom.
I had to lie to everyone.
I had to lie to her.
I had to lie to him.
I had to lie to my parents.
I had to lie to them.
I had to lie.
I had to listen to another one of his long-winded stories.
I had to listen to that nitwit's nonsensical rant for hours; it was unbearable.
I had to look after Tom for two hours this afternoon.
I had to look after the children.
I had to look after you.
I had to look it up myself, to be honest.
I had to look it up.
I had to look the word up in a dictionary.
I had to make a choice between Tom and Mary.
I had to make a choice between chocolate and vanilla.
I had to make a choice between doing my homework or watching TV.
I had to make a choice.
I had to make a decision quickly.
I had to make a decision.
I had to make a difficult decision.
I had to make a list of things I needed to do.
I had to make a list of things to buy.
I had to make a number of difficult decisions.
I had to make a speech at short notice.
I had to make a speech on short notice.
I had to make a speech.
I had to make difficult decisions.
I had to make it happen.
I had to make some difficult decisions.
I had to make some phone calls.
I had to make sure Tom and Mary were still planning to come.
I had to make sure Tom was still planning to come.
I had to make sure nothing went wrong.
I had to make sure you were OK.
I had to make up for the loss.
I had to make up for three other employees, who were laid off yesterday.
I had to make you trust me.
I had to marry Tom.
I had to meet Tom this afternoon.
I had to meet him halfway.
I had to move here.
I had to open my suitcase.
I had to order more flowers.
I had to park two blocks from here.
I had to part with my competent secretary.
I had to pay 5 dollars in addition.
I had to pay a $300 fine.
I had to pay a high interest.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
I had to pay an additional $3.00.
I had to pay an additional three dollars.
I had to pay another five dollars.
I had to pay five more dollars.
I had to pay his bills out of my own pocket.
I had to pay in cash.
I had to pay no less than 1,000 dollars for this watch.
I had to pay off my father's debts.
I had to pay ten dollars for the cassette in addition.
I had to pay the bill to the tune of ten dollars.
I had to pay the bill! The next time, I'll have them invite me.
I had to pay three dollars more.
I had to pee so much that I was about to burst.
I had to pee.
I had to persuade Tom to do that.
I had to pick between the two of you, and I chose you.
I had to plead with them to allow me to do that.
I had to plead with them to allow me to leave.
I had to postpone my appointment.
I had to protect Tom from Mary.
I had to protect Tom.
I had to protect her.
I had to protect him.
I had to protect them.
I had to prove that he wasn't my son.
I had to prove to Tom that I could do it.
I had to prove to Tom that I could do that.
I had to pry the words out of him.
I had to pull over.
I had to pull the car over.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
I had to push my bicycle because it had a flat tire.
I had to push my bicycle because it had a flat tyre.
I had to push my bicycle home.
I had to put back the hotel reservations for Rome by three days.
I had to put the clock right.
I had to put the trip on hold for the moment.
I had to quickly take my dying hamster to the vet.
I had to quit for health reasons.
I had to quit.
I had to read this three times before I understood what it meant.
I had to reassure everyone.
I had to refuse Tom's offer.
I had to refuse her offer.
I had to reinvent myself.
I had to remain on the spot.
I had to remind Tom to do that.
I had to remove some of the things I had.
I had to remove the panel in order to access the computer.
I had to rent a car.
I had to replace the power supply in my computer.
I had to reset the VCR.
I had to resign because I just didn't get along with the new boss.
I had to resign.
I had to resort to threats to get my money back.
I had to respect Tom's wishes, so I left.
I had to respect Tom's wishes.
I had to rest.
I had to return because I forgot my papers.
I had to return it to Tom.
I had to run a lot to catch the train.
I had to run all the step hill alone.
I had to run all the way down the steep hill alone.
I had to run away from enraged Tom.
I had to run to catch the bus.
I had to run to catch the train.
I had to run to catch up with Tom.
I had to run to catch up with her.
I had to run to catch up with him.
I had to run to the station.
I had to run.
I had to rush home.
I had to sacrifice a lot.
I had to say goodbye to a dear friend.
I had to say something.
I had to say that.
I had to scratch by on the little savings I had left.
I had to see Jacques.
I had to see Tom again.
I had to see Tom.
I had to see a doctor yesterday.
I had to see it for myself.
I had to see someone on business.
I had to see you again.
I had to see you to give you a warning.
I had to see you.
I had to sell all my things to buy this car.
I had to sell it.
I had to sell my apartment.
I had to sell my car.
I had to sell my guitar in order to pay my rent.
I had to sell my house.
I had to sell my vehicle.
I had to sell the house.
I had to send Tom home.
I had to send her home.
I had to send him home.
I had to send them home.
I had to set a good example.
I had to set an example.
I had to set the clock.
I had to share my joy with Tom.
I had to shave my beard off because the N95 masks I have to wear for work didn't fit me right.
I had to shave my hair to zero because of lice.
I had to shoot my horse because he was in a lot of pain.
I had to shoot my horse.
I had to shout at the top of my lungs to be heard.
I had to shout at the top of my lungs.
I had to shout in order to be heard.
I had to show Tom something.
I had to show her something.
I had to show him something.
I had to show it to Tom.
I had to show it to you!
I had to show them something.
I had to sign an agreement.
I had to sip the coffee because it was too hot.
I had to sit alone.
I had to sit down.
I had to sit in the front.
I had to sleep in the same bed as him.
I had to smile.
I had to sneeze.
I had to speak French.
I had to speak at a moment's notice.
I had to speak at a moment’s notice.
I had to spend a lot of money, but the reaction will be priceless.
I had to split.
I had to stand a trying situation.
I had to stand in line for hours.
I had to stand in line.
I had to start from the beginning, and I didn't like that at all.
I had to start supporting myself when I was thirteen.
I had to stay after class and talk to the teacher.
I had to stay at home.
I had to stay behind so I could talk to Tom privately.
I had to stay behind to help Tom.
I had to stay behind.
I had to stay calm and think strategically in that moment.
I had to stay home all day yesterday to take care of my mother.
I had to stay home all weekend because I was sick.
I had to stay home.
I had to stay in Australia.
I had to stay in Boston.
I had to stay in bed all day.
I had to stay in bed for a while.
I had to stay in bed for two days.
I had to stay in the hospital for three weeks after the operation.
I had to stay in the hospital.
I had to stay.
I had to stifle my anger in front of him.
I had to stoop to go into the room.
I had to stop Tom from making the biggest mistake in his life.
I had to stop Tom.
I had to stop a few times.
I had to stop at almost every light on the way here.
I had to stop by the hospital to see Tom.
I had to stop doing that.
I had to stop her.
I had to stop him.
I had to stop them.
I had to stop wearing my lavender-scented perfume after I discovered my girlfriend was allergic to it.
I had to stop.
I had to study English.
I had to study French in high school.
I had to study French when I was in high school.
I had to study French.
I had to study hard for the exam.
I had to study hard to keep up with the class.
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.
I had to study hard to keep up with the rest of the class.
I had to study yesterday.
I had to suppress my appetite.
I had to suppress my excitement until the big announcement was made.
I had to swallow his insult.
I had to swallow my pride.
I had to swerve to avoid hitting a dog.
I had to swerve to avoid hitting the dog.
I had to swim.
I had to switch the lights on.
I had to take Tom to school.
I had to take Tom to the hospital.
I had to take a bus from Boston because all the flights had been canceled.
I had to take a bus from Boston.
I had to take a cab.
I had to take a taxi because I missed the bus.
I had to take a taxi because the heavy rain caused all the trains to stop.
I had to take care of her baby.
I had to take down my tent because of the strong wind.
I had to take my mother to the hospital.
I had to take shelter under a tree.
I had to talk to Tom last night.
I had to talk to Tom myself.
I had to talk to Tom.
I had to teach French.
I had to tell Tom about us.
I had to tell Tom myself.
I had to tell Tom that myself.
I had to tell Tom the truth.
I had to tell Tom.
I had to tell her about us.
I had to tell her myself.
I had to tell her that myself.
I had to tell her.
I had to tell him about us.
I had to tell him myself.
I had to tell him that myself.
I had to tell him.
I had to tell somebody.
I had to tell the truth.
I had to tell the whole truth, I couldn't keep it down.
I had to tell them about myself.
I had to tell them about us.
I had to tell them myself.
I had to tell them that myself.
I had to tell them.
I had to think about that one.
I had to think about the problem for quite a while before I saw daylight.
I had to throw most of my things away.
I had to toss up between two of them.
I had to travel on a bus.
I had to trust Tom.
I had to trust her.
I had to trust him.
I had to trust someone.
I had to trust the captain with my life.
I had to trust them.
I had to try something different.
I had to try something.
I had to try that ride.
I had to try to convince Tom.
I had to try to convince her.
I had to try to convince him.
I had to try to convince them.
I had to try.
I had to turn back. It was far too hot on the hiking trail.
I had to use a dirty, smelly gas station bathroom.
I had to use clamps.
I had to use the bathroom.
I had to volunteer.
I had to wait 20 minutes on the phone before reaching the customer service rep.
I had to wait a long time for Tom's answer, but it was worth it.
I had to wait a long time.
I had to wait a lot longer than I expected I'd have to.
I had to wait for Tom again.
I had to wait for Tom till the end.
I had to wait for Tom to finish.
I had to wait for Tom to pay me the money he owed me before I could pay you back.
I had to wait for Tom to wake up.
I had to wait for Tom wake up.
I had to wait for Tom's answer, but it paid off.
I had to wait for Tom's reply for a long time, but it was worth it.
I had to wait for Tom.
I had to wait for a long time for Tom's answer, but it was worth it.
I had to wait for a long time.
I had to wait for a ride.
I had to wait for an hour in the dentist's waiting room.
I had to wait for her to wake up.
I had to wait for her wake up.
I had to wait for him for five hours!
I had to wait for him to wake up.
I had to wait for him wake up.
I had to wait for more than three hours.
I had to wait for over three hours.
I had to wait for them wake up.
I had to wait for three hours.
I had to wait more than three hours.
I had to wait over three hours.
I had to wait so long that I fell asleep in the chair.
I had to wait to tell you.
I had to wait twenty minutes for the next bus.
I had to wait until Tom and Mary were asleep.
I had to wait until Tom was asleep.
I had to wait.
I had to walk all the way here.
I had to walk all the way to the station.
I had to walk because there were no taxis.
I had to walk here because my car broke down.
I had to walk home last night.
I had to walk home.
I had to walk in the rain and my shoes got muddy.
I had to walk off of the mountain with a bad sprain.
I had to walk there because my car broke down.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a child.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a kid.
I had to wander through the whole world, until I learned that beauty is in the heart.
I had to wash my socks.
I had to watch a movie once with dubs instead of subs. It was horrible.
I had to wear a uniform.
I had to work a full shift yesterday.
I had to work all weekend.
I had to work for everything.
I had to work hard to keep up with the other students.
I had to work hard when I was young.
I had to work hard.
I had to work last weekend.
I had to work late yesterday.
I had to work late.
I had to work on Monday.
I had to work on Sunday.
I had to work on an essay.
I had to work overtime yesterday.
I had to work.
I had to write a paper on the Space Age last weekend.
I had to write his name and his phone number.
I had to write letters.
I had to write some letters.
I had told him everything.
I had too many assignments, so I fell behind soon enough.
I had too much to drink and I can barely walk.
I had too much to drink last night.
I had too much to drink.
I had toothache all day.
I had top surgery.
I had totally forgotten.
I had toxemia during my pregnancy.
I had tried to avoid thinking that as much as possible but as soon as I faced it I started to feel miserable.
I had trouble backing out of Tom's driveway.
I had trouble convincing Tom not to leave.
I had trouble convincing Tom to come.
I had trouble convincing Tom to help.
I had trouble coping.
I had trouble deciding what kind of dog food to feed my dog.
I had trouble deciding which brand of dog food to feed my dog.
I had trouble doing that.
I had trouble falling asleep last night.
I had trouble falling asleep.
I had trouble finding Tom's house.
I had trouble finding a job.
I had trouble finding a place to live in Boston.
I had trouble finding a place to live.
I had trouble finding a place to park.
I had trouble finding curtains to match our sofa.
I had trouble finding my way back to my hotel last night.
I had trouble finding your house.
I had trouble getting Tom to do that.
I had trouble getting a taxi.
I had trouble getting here.
I had trouble getting out of bed this morning.
I had trouble getting the door open.
I had trouble getting the fire started.
I had trouble getting the window open.
I had trouble getting this done on time.
I had trouble getting through customs.
I had trouble hearing what Tom was saying.
I had trouble hearing what was being said.
I had trouble making him hear me calling for help.
I had trouble making myself heard above the noise.
I had trouble making up my mind.
I had trouble moving.
I had trouble opening the door.
I had trouble opening the window.
I had trouble parking.
I had trouble pronouncing his name.
I had trouble recognizing his voice.
I had trouble sleeping last night.
I had trouble sleeping that night.
I had trouble sleeping.
I had trouble understanding what Tom was trying to say.
I had trouble understanding what was being said.
I had trouble unwrapping the package.
I had trouble with the new car. It was difficult to steer.
I had trouble with this question.
I had twins.
I had two cars.
I had two copies of the book.
I had two cups of coffee.
I had two cups of tea.
I had two dogs.
I had two lunches today.
I had two seconds to decide.
I had two teeth pulled.
I had two years to finish my degree.
I had two years to make it happen.
I had unsweetened tea.
I had various jobs during college.
I had various jobs while I was in college.
I had very little certainty in my life.
I had very little confidence to use Berber with native speakers.
I had very little money with me at the time.
I had vocal feminization surgery.
I had wanted to be alone with my thoughts and the stars, but there were people everywhere.
I had wanted to catch the first train.
I had wanted to go swimming today, but I've left my swimming gear at home.
I had wanted to go swimming today, but I've left my swimming things at home.
I had way too much to drink last night.
I had wheat bread.
I had words with Tom.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn't operating properly.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn’t operating properly.
I had work in Boston.
I had work to do.
I had work today.
I had written the letter when he came.
I had your best interest in mind the entire time.
I had zero control.
I hadn't anticipated Jen's nasty reaction when I told her I couldn't give her a lift to the mall.
I hadn't any chance.
I hadn't bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
I hadn't been born yet.
I hadn't been paying much attention to what the speaker was saying, but suddenly his words made me sit up and take notice.
I hadn't checked to see if the room was bugged.
I hadn't closed an eye all night.
I hadn't considered not going to the meeting.
I hadn't considered that.
I hadn't cried for ages.
I hadn't done that in a long time.
I hadn't eaten rice.
I hadn't even considered that.
I hadn't even noticed.
I hadn't even thought about that possibility.
I hadn't ever seen such a place before.
I hadn't expected anyone to be at home.
I hadn't expected anyone to be home.
I hadn't expected anyone to be in.
I hadn't expected anyone to help.
I hadn't expected to be here again so soon.
I hadn't expected us to speak so much about love this Monday morning.
I hadn't gone a mile when it began to rain.
I hadn't gone far before I met Tom.
I hadn't gone far before it began to rain.
I hadn't had any water since the day before and I needed to find more.
I hadn't heard about that.
I hadn't heard from her in over a year.
I hadn't heard from him for ages.
I hadn't heard from him in over a year.
I hadn't heard of it.
I hadn't heard that before.
I hadn't heard that story before.
I hadn't heard that.
I hadn't intended to do that.
I hadn't intended to hurt Tom.
I hadn't intended to say so much.
I hadn't intended to stay in Australia so long.
I hadn't intended to stay in Boston so long.
I hadn't intended to stay so long.
I hadn't intended to stay this long.
I hadn't intended to work at this company this long.
I hadn't known there were so many idiots in the world until I started using the Internet.
I hadn't laughed like that in a very long time.
I hadn't laughed that much in a long time.
I hadn't noticed that before.
I hadn't noticed that.
I hadn't noticed until you said.
I hadn't noticed.
I hadn't perforated my ticket.
I hadn't planned on crying today.
I hadn't planned on doing that, but I can if you really want me to.
I hadn't planned on staying so long.
I hadn't planned on telling anyone.
I hadn't planned to do that, but I can if you really want me to.
I hadn't planned to tell you about what happened last night.
I hadn't planned to tell you anything about this.
I hadn't planned to tell you.
I hadn't realized how boring Tom and Mary were.
I hadn't realized how boring Tom was.
I hadn't realized how crazy Tom and Mary were.
I hadn't realized how crazy Tom was.
I hadn't realized how rich Tom and Mary were.
I hadn't realized how rich Tom was.
I hadn't realized it was him.
I hadn't realized the magnitude of the problems.
I hadn't realized what was going on.
I hadn't really considered that until now.
I hadn't really noticed Tom got a haircut until you mentioned it.
I hadn't really noticed.
I hadn't really planned on doing this.
I hadn't really thought about it.
I hadn't really thought about that.
I hadn't really thought of that before.
I hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
I hadn't returned home yet by that point.
I hadn't seen Tom for over three years.
I hadn't seen Tom for three years.
I hadn't seen Tom in three years.
I hadn't seen Tom in years.
I hadn't seen a lion before I was ten years old.
I hadn't seen for ten years.
I hadn't seen her in years.
I hadn't seen him for ten years.
I hadn't seen him in years.
I hadn't seen him since my school days.
I hadn't seen it before.
I hadn't seen my friend for over twenty years.
I hadn't seen my uncle in forever.
I hadn't seen that.
I hadn't seen them in years.
I hadn't seen your message!
I hadn't sold one of those in a while.
I hadn't spoken to Tom in two years.
I hadn't started training for that yet.
I hadn't sung a song in French until yesterday.
I hadn't thought about something: about the replacement glasses.
I hadn't thought about that at all.
I hadn't thought about that.
I hadn't thought of it like that.
I hadn't thought of it that way.
I hadn't thought of that at all.
I hadn't thought of that possibility.
I hadn't thought of that until now.
I hadn't thought of that.
I hadn't understood it before.
I hadn't waited long before he appeared.
I hadn't waited long before he came along.
I hadn't yet seen the movie that everyone was talking about.
I hadn’t bargained on such a heavy traffic jam.
I hadn’t expected anyone to be home.
I hadn’t realized the magnitude of the problems.
I hadn’t recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
I hadn’t seen for ten years.
I hadn’t seen my friend for over twenty years.
I hadn’t waited long before he came along.
I hail from Limburg.
I hail from a foreign country.
I hailed a cab.
I hailed a taxi.
I half expected Tom to bring his own popcorn to the movie theater.
I half expected Tom to start dancing.
I half expected to see Tom walk through the door.
I half expected to see you there.
I half rose to my feet to leave my seat.
I half-expected to hear someone burst out singing.
I half-expected to see Tom at the party.
I halved the money with my pal.
I hammered a nail into the wall in order to hang a painting.
I handed Tom a cup of coffee.
I handed Tom a knife.
I handed Tom a shovel.
I handed Tom a towel.
I handed Tom my flashlight.
I handed Tom my set of keys.
I handed Tom the car keys.
I handed Tom the document.
I handed Tom the envelope.
I handed Tom the letter.
I handed Tom the map.
I handed a cup of coffee to Tom.
I handed a map to him.
I handed a shovel to Tom.
I handed a towel to Tom.
I handed her her gloves.
I handed her her soda.
I handed her my wet coat.
I handed him a beer.
I handed him a map.
I handed him my business card.
I handed in my report yesterday.
I handed in the test without going back over it.
I handed it over to you; I don't have it anymore.
I handed my father the altered report card.
I handed my set of keys to Tom.
I handed the car keys over to Tom.
I handed the car keys to Tom.
I handed the cloakroom attendant my ticket, and he disappeared into the cloakroom.
I handed the document to Tom.
I handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
I handed the flowers to the teacher and gave her a hug.
I handed the flowers to the teacher.
I handed the letter to Tom.
I handed the map to Tom.
I handed the mike to Tom.
I handed the mike to him.
I handed the teacher my work.
I handled it poorly.
I handled it properly.
I handled it the only way I knew how.
I handled it well.
I handled it.
I handled snakes.
I handled that problem.
I handled the problem the only way I knew how.
I handmake everything.
I hang out with Tom a lot.
I hang out with Tom almost every day.
I hang out with Tom quite often.
I hang out with Tom.
I hang the calendar on the wall.
I hankered to get out of the city for a weekend.
I happen to agree with Tom.
I happen to agree with her.
I happen to agree with him.
I happen to agree with them.
I happen to agree with you.
I happen to agree.
I happen to be a good driver.
I happen to be a pretty good chess player.
I happen to be a pretty good judge of character.
I happen to be familiar with it.
I happen to be in love with you.
I happen to be very good at doing that.
I happen to be very good at what I do.
I happen to hate basketball.
I happen to have it right here.
I happen to know Tom can't speak French.
I happen to know Tom rather well.
I happen to know Tom sold his car last week.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you do.
I happen to know a lot more about this than you might think.
I happen to know him.
I happen to know that Tom can't speak French.
I happen to know that Tom sold his car last week.
I happen to like Tom.
I happen to like a challenge.
I happen to like being alone.
I happen to like it here.
I happen to like living alone.
I happen to live here.
I happen to prefer champagne to ditchwater, but there is no reason to suppose that the cosmos does.
I happened across an old friend in the street.
I happened along when the car hit the boy.
I happened last year to be at the Cologne Station, waiting for the train, and employed my spare time in looking over the book stall for something to read on my way to Aix-la-Chapelle.
I happened to be free last Sunday.
I happened to be in Australia at that time.
I happened to be in Australia at the same time Tom was.
I happened to be in Boston at that time.
I happened to be in Boston at the same time Tom was.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom was doing.
I happened to be moving from one city to the other.
I happened to be nearby.
I happened to be on the same bus as Tom.
I happened to be on the same plane as Tom.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom and Mary were.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom was.
I happened to be on the same train as Tom.
I happened to be out when the call came.
I happened to be right.
I happened to be up early.
I happened to bring a knife with me.
I happened to bump into her in the street.
I happened to bump into her on the train.
I happened to find a bicycle discarded at the roadside.
I happened to find the camera I'd lost.
I happened to find this book in a second-hand bookshop.
I happened to glance out the window just as Tom was walking past my house.
I happened to hear Mary's in hospital.
I happened to know her name.
I happened to live in Algeria for some time.
I happened to meet Tom today.
I happened to meet an old friend at Tokyo Station.
I happened to meet an old friend in the street.
I happened to meet her in the shop.
I happened to meet her in the street.
I happened to meet her on the train.
I happened to meet him in the street.
I happened to meet him in town.
I happened to run into her.
I happened to run into my teacher at a restaurant last night.
I happened to run into my teacher at the restaurant last night.
I happened to see Tom in town.
I happened to see Tursun at the market.
I happened to see a rare butterfly.
I happened to see an old friend in the street.
I happened to see her on the bus.
I happened to see her on the train.
I happened to see him in town.
I happened to see your mother at the library.
I happened to see your mum at the library.
I happened to see your sentence.
I happened to witness the bullying in the corridor.
I happened upon Bernard at a restaurant yesterday.
I happened upon her.
I happened upon it.
I happily agreed.
I harassed Tom.
I harbor guilt about the separation.
I harbor no ill will towards Tom.
I hard-boiled an egg.
I hardly believe it myself.
I hardly believed it myself.
I hardly eat before lunch.
I hardly even know you.
I hardly ever agree with Tom.
I hardly ever agree with you.
I hardly ever ask questions.
I hardly ever buy anything other than food.
I hardly ever buy magazines anymore.
I hardly ever buy things with cash anymore.
I hardly ever call.
I hardly ever come here anymore.
I hardly ever complain about anything.
I hardly ever complain.
I hardly ever cry.
I hardly ever do that anymore.
I hardly ever do that before breakfast.
I hardly ever do that by myself.
I hardly ever do that.
I hardly ever do this anymore.
I hardly ever drink instant coffee.
I hardly ever drive my father's car.
I hardly ever drive to work.
I hardly ever eat breakfast.
I hardly ever eat dessert.
I hardly ever eat instant foods.
I hardly ever eat meat any more.
I hardly ever fall ill.
I hardly ever get ill.
I hardly ever get sick.
I hardly ever get up this early.
I hardly ever go out nowadays.
I hardly ever go out on weekends.
I hardly ever go out with my parents these days.
I hardly ever go out.
I hardly ever go shopping alone.
I hardly ever go there anymore.
I hardly ever go to Australia.
I hardly ever go to Boston.
I hardly ever go to art museums.
I hardly ever go to bed before midnight.
I hardly ever go to church.
I hardly ever go to movies.
I hardly ever go to museums.
I hardly ever go to the beach.
I hardly ever go to the cinema.
I hardly ever go to the pub.
I hardly ever have an afternoon snack.
I hardly ever have headaches.
I hardly ever have time to read.
I hardly ever kiss Tom anymore.
I hardly ever kiss my children.
I hardly ever laugh at Tom's jokes.
I hardly ever laugh.
I hardly ever listen to classical music anymore.
I hardly ever listen to the radio anymore.
I hardly ever lose at chess.
I hardly ever make a mistake.
I hardly ever make mistakes.
I hardly ever mispronounce people's names.
I hardly ever missed school.
I hardly ever need help.
I hardly ever put sugar in my coffee.
I hardly ever read a newspaper.
I hardly ever read books written in French.
I hardly ever read in bed.
I hardly ever read novels in French.
I hardly ever remember dreams.
I hardly ever remember my dreams.
I hardly ever run into Tom.
I hardly ever run into him.
I hardly ever say "hi" to my neighbors anymore.
I hardly ever see Tom anymore.
I hardly ever see Tom. He leaves for work before dawn and gets back after dark.
I hardly ever see her anymore.
I hardly ever see him anymore.
I hardly ever see him these days.
I hardly ever see him.
I hardly ever see them anymore.
I hardly ever see this kind of thing anymore.
I hardly ever see you anymore.
I hardly ever sleep without a pillow.
I hardly ever speak French anymore.
I hardly ever speak French nowadays.
I hardly ever speak French with Tom.
I hardly ever speak French with anybody.
I hardly ever speak French.
I hardly ever speak to Tom anymore.
I hardly ever stay out late.
I hardly ever stay up this late.
I hardly ever study French.
I hardly ever study at home.
I hardly ever swim.
I hardly ever take my dog for a walk.
I hardly ever talk to Tom anymore.
I hardly ever talk to anyone at work.
I hardly ever talk to my neighbors.
I hardly ever throw food away.
I hardly ever use cash anymore.
I hardly ever use my printer anymore.
I hardly ever walk to work.
I hardly ever watch TV anymore.
I hardly ever watch TV.
I hardly ever watched TV.
I hardly ever wear a hat.
I hardly ever wear a tie.
I hardly ever wear makeup.
I hardly ever wear my red sweater.
I hardly ever wear pink.
I hardly ever win arguments.
I hardly ever work anymore.
I hardly got any sleep last night.
I hardly have any moments to myself.
I hardly have any money.
I hardly have enough time to get myself ready.
I hardly have time to do that any more.
I hardly knew Tom.
I hardly knew her.
I hardly knew him.
I hardly knew them.
I hardly knew where to begin.
I hardly knew you in high school.
I hardly know Tom.
I hardly know anything about Australia.
I hardly know anything about Tom.
I hardly know anything about you.
I hardly know her.
I hardly know him.
I hardly know the guy.
I hardly know where to begin.
I hardly know where to start.
I hardly know you.
I hardly made any money last week.
I hardly recognized Tom.
I hardly recognized her.
I hardly recognized him.
I hardly recognized them.
I hardly recognized you.
I hardly remember Tom.
I hardly remember anything.
I hardly remember her.
I hardly remember him.
I hardly remember my dream.
I hardly remember my parents.
I hardly remember them.
I hardly saw a thing.
I hardly saw anything.
I hardly see Tom any more.
I hardly see Tom anymore.
I hardly see you any more.
I hardly see you anymore.
I hardly slept a wink all night.
I hardly slept a wink last night.
I hardly slept last night.
I hardly slept that night.
I hardly speak French any more.
I hardly speak French at all.
I hardly speak French, but I can say things like "bonjour" and "merci".
I hardly talk to my neighbours.
I hardly think Tom would do that.
I hardly think she'd do that.
I hardly think she’d do that.
I hardly think so.
I hardly understood anything at all.
I hardly understood anything.
I hardly work.
I harmed him with what I said.
I harmed people.
I harvested grapes.
I harvested.
I hastened here to give the dear departed my last, very sad farewell.
I hatched a plan.
I hate Algiers' traffic jams.
I hate American football.
I hate Australia.
I hate Big Brother.
I hate Boston.
I hate Christmas.
I hate English grammar!
I hate English.
I hate Esperanto.
I hate Facebook.
I hate French-Berber or Arabic-Berber code mixing.
I hate French.
I hate Google.
I hate Halloween.
I hate Instagram.
I hate Jacuzzis.
I hate Justin Bieber.
I hate Latin.
I hate Lynard Skynard for their use of the Confederate flag.
I hate Mary since she's that beautiful and smart.
I hate Mary's boyfriend.
I hate Monday mornings.
I hate Mondays.
I hate Paris.
I hate Sunday! It's a horrible day!
I hate Sundays! Cursed day!
I hate Sundays.
I hate T-shirts with stupid writing on them.
I hate T-shirts with writing on them.
I hate TV.
I hate Tom and Mary.
I hate Tom as much as you do.
I hate Tom because I just do.
I hate Tom because reasons.
I hate Tom for many reasons.
I hate Tom for the following reasons.
I hate Tom now.
I hate Tom so much right now.
I hate Tom's cat.
I hate Tom's guts.
I hate Tom's hat.
I hate Tom's hat. I also hate his sunglasses.
I hate Tom's parents.
I hate Tom, although I don't even know him.
I hate Tom, but I also love him.
I hate Tom, but not as much as he hates me.
I hate Tom, though I don't even know him.
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.
I hate Tom, too.
I hate Tom-the-cat.
I hate Tom.
I hate Tom. He's so popular!
I hate Tom. I hate Mary, too.
I hate Twitter.
I hate Valentine's Day, too.
I hate Wikipedia.
I hate Yahoo.
I hate YouTube.
I hate absentee landlords.
I hate administrative work.
I hate admit it, but maybe I misjudged John all these years.
I hate ads.
I hate ads...
I hate advanced algebra.
I hate advertisements.
I hate advertising.
I hate alarm clocks.
I hate all music.
I hate all of them.
I hate all of you.
I hate allergies.
I hate always having to explain the same thing to you.
I hate and I love the Internet.
I hate and I love. Why would I do this, maybe you're asking? I don't know, but I feel it happening and am tortured.
I hate and despise mosquitoes.
I hate and love Tom at the same time.
I hate and love.
I hate arguing with Tom.
I hate arguing with you.
I hate arguing.
I hate arguments.
I hate arriving late and making people wait.
I hate arrogant people.
I hate art teachers.
I hate asparagus.
I hate assassins.
I hate astrology.
I hate attention.
I hate backseat drivers.
I hate bars.
I hate bats.
I hate beans.
I hate beer.
I hate beggars.
I hate being a boss.
I hate being a preacher's son.
I hate being alone at Christmas.
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.
I hate being alone this time of year.
I hate being alone.
I hate being an only child.
I hate being asked that question.
I hate being bored.
I hate being boring.
I hate being called stupid.
I hate being cooped up inside on a beautiful day like this.
I hate being deceived.
I hate being disloyal.
I hate being here.
I hate being home alone.
I hate being ill.
I hate being in the back.
I hate being late.
I hate being laughed at.
I hate being left alone.
I hate being made to wait.
I hate being old.
I hate being on the Christmas Party committee. We're just going to bandy about the same ideas as last year before Deslie forces us to go to a crap Gastropub, just like every year.
I hate being photographed.
I hate being reminded of that.
I hate being short-sighted.
I hate being shouted at.
I hate being sick.
I hate being single.
I hate being stiff!
I hate being stupid.
I hate being taken advantage of.
I hate being told what I can't do.
I hate being told what to do.
I hate being watched.
I hate bigots, puritans and hypocrites.
I hate birthday parties.
I hate black humor.
I hate blood tests.
I hate bologna sandwiches.
I hate borrowing money.
I hate both foreigners and my countrymen.
I hate bothersome things.
I hate bowling.
I hate broccoli!
I hate broccoli.
I hate bugs.
I hate bullies.
I hate bureaucracy.
I hate butt rock.
I hate buying clothes.
I hate cake.
I hate calculus.
I hate camping out.
I hate candy.
I hate capers—they taste too strong for me.
I hate carrots even more than I hate onions.
I hate carrots.
I hate cars.
I hate catfish.
I hate cats and you should, too.
I hate cats.
I hate celery!
I hate celery.
I hate cemeteries.
I hate chalk. It leaves powder on your hands.
I hate charlatans.
I hate chemistry.
I hate chess.
I hate children.
I hate chocolate.
I hate cigarette smoke.
I hate cigarettes.
I hate class reunions.
I hate classical music.
I hate cleaning and doing laundry.
I hate cleaning the bathroom.
I hate cleaning the toilet more than anything else I have to do.
I hate cleaning.
I hate cobwebs.
I hate cockroaches.
I hate coffee without sugar.
I hate coffee.
I hate cold soup.
I hate cold winter days.
I hate coming to Australia.
I hate coming to Boston.
I hate coming to the village.
I hate commercials.
I hate computers.
I hate conlangs!
I hate constructed languages.
I hate cooking, so I eat out a lot.
I hate cooking, so I often eat out.
I hate cooking.
I hate cooking. How about you?
I hate cops like him.
I hate cops.
I hate crispy doughnuts.
I hate crowds.
I hate cruelty.
I hate crybullies.
I hate cucumbers.
I hate dancing.
I hate dealing with children who are picky eaters.
I hate death.
I hate debate bros like Tom.
I hate dictators!
I hate dieting.
I hate dining alone.
I hate dirt roads.
I hate dirty jokes.
I hate disloyal people.
I hate dismissive people.
I hate dogs.
I hate doing all of that.
I hate doing chores.
I hate doing homework.
I hate doing interviews.
I hate doing laundry.
I hate doing that but I have to do that.
I hate doing that.
I hate doing the laundry.
I hate doing the washing up, even more than cleaning the toilet.
I hate doing things like this.
I hate doing this kind of stuff.
I hate doing this stuff!
I hate doing this stuff.
I hate doing this, but I have to.
I hate doing this.
I hate drama!
I hate drama.
I hate drinking alone.
I hate drinking soup.
I hate driving at night.
I hate driving in heavy traffic.
I hate driving on icy roads.
I hate driving on rough roads.
I hate driving to Boston.
I hate driving to work when it's raining.
I hate driving when it's foggy.
I hate driving when there's snow on the road.
I hate driving.
I hate dubbed movies.
I hate eating alone.
I hate eggs.
I hate elevators.
I hate every single other country. Even Palau.
I hate everybody.
I hate everyone except you.
I hate everyone in Tom's family.
I hate everyone, and everyone hates me.
I hate everyone.
I hate everything Tom stands for.
I hate everything about Mary.
I hate everything about Tom.
I hate everything about her.
I hate everything about him.
I hate everything about it.
I hate everything about them.
I hate everything about you.
I hate everything!
I hate everything.
I hate exercising.
I hate factories.
I hate fake people.
I hate false righteousness.
I hate false simplicity.
I hate falsehood.
I hate falseness.
I hate fanatics.
I hate feeling like this.
I hate feeling so helpless.
I hate feeling sorry for myself.
I hate fighting.
I hate fireworks.
I hate first-person shooter video games.
I hate fish.
I hate fishing.
I hate flies.
I hate fluorescent lighting.
I hate fluorescent lights.
I hate flying.
I hate football.
I hate frogs.
I hate funerals.
I hate garlic.
I hate getting dressed up for special occasions.
I hate getting my hair cut.
I hate getting out of bed on cold days.
I hate getting out of bed on cold mornings.
I hate getting up early in the morning.
I hate getting up early.
I hate girls like Mary.
I hate girls like that.
I hate glass doors! I always run into them when I go to the bank.
I hate goat cheese.
I hate going back to him. I want to live with you.
I hate going out in this rainy weather, so you go to the supermarket for me.
I hate going outside in the winter.
I hate going to Australia.
I hate going to Boston.
I hate going to girls' birthday parties. I never know what to get them.
I hate going to parties alone.
I hate going to school with all my heart. The only thing that comforts me is that someday it will end.
I hate going to school.
I hate going to sleep after midnight.
I hate going to the gym.
I hate going to the village.
I hate going to weddings alone.
I hate going viral.
I hate goldfish.
I hate golf.
I hate goodbyes.
I hate grammar.
I hate greedy people.
I hate group projects, because I always end up doing all the work.
I hate guys like Tom.
I hate guys like that.
I hate hard candy.
I hate hats.
I hate having a monotonous life.
I hate having to clean up after someone else.
I hate having to go out.
I hate having to make decisions.
I hate having to see you carry out your everyday duties whilst feigning ignorance towards what you really want to do.
I hate hearing my own voice.
I hate heights.
I hate her accusatory looks.
I hate her and have nothing in common with her.
I hate her as much as you do.
I hate her hat.
I hate her now.
I hate her parents.
I hate her too.
I hate her, but I don't know why.
I hate her, too.
I hate her.
I hate him as much as you do.
I hate him at least as much as he hates me.
I hate him now.
I hate him so dearly.
I hate him with all my being.
I hate him with every fiber of my being.
I hate him, but I don't know why.
I hate him, too.
I hate him.
I hate his cat.
I hate his hat.
I hate his mood swings.
I hate his parents.
I hate his personality.
I hate his smirk.
I hate his talking big on every occasion.
I hate history teachers.
I hate history.
I hate hitmen.
I hate holidays, because I ought to be merry and happy on holidays, and can't.
I hate holidays.
I hate homework.
I hate horror films.
I hate horror movies.
I hate hospital food.
I hate hospitals.
I hate hot milk.
I hate housekeeping.
I hate how I sound in French.
I hate how documentaries dramatise moments in history with overwrought music and B-list actors.
I hate how expensive printer ink is.
I hate how schools in the U.S. teach Spain Spanish when we're right next to Latin America.
I hate how uncaring she is, even when I go out of my way to please her.
I hate how you're always right.
I hate hunting.
I hate hypocrisy.
I hate hypocrites.
I hate hypocritical communities.
I hate idiots.
I hate ignorance.
I hate infinite scrolling, because I strongly believe that users should have a right to choose whether they want to load the next page or not.
I hate insects of all kinds.
I hate insects.
I hate insincere organisations like UN and the European Parliament.
I hate interviews.
I hate ironing.
I hate it as much as you do.
I hate it here.
I hate it in Arkansas.
I hate it when I dream things that contradict what I feel when awake.
I hate it when I get an eyelash in my eye.
I hate it when I have to sit between two fat guys on a plane.
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I'm following.
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I’m following.
I hate it when I'm forced to do something I don't want to do.
I hate it when Tom and Mary do that.
I hate it when Tom and Mary do this.
I hate it when Tom and Mary fight.
I hate it when Tom cries.
I hate it when Tom does stuff like that.
I hate it when Tom does that.
I hate it when Tom does this.
I hate it when Tom kisses me in public.
I hate it when guys do that.
I hate it when hair clogs the drain.
I hate it when he does that.
I hate it when helicopters fly over my house.
I hate it when my clothes smell like cigarettes.
I hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
I hate it when my parents come to school.
I hate it when my parents fight.
I hate it when people are late.
I hate it when people are unfriendly towards me.
I hate it when people ask me stupid questions.
I hate it when people do that.
I hate it when people keep me waiting.
I hate it when people make fun of my accent.
I hate it when people only think of themselves.
I hate it when people smoke in my house.
I hate it when people stretch the truth for the sake of a joke.
I hate it when people tell me what to do.
I hate it when people think only of themselves.
I hate it when people treat me like a child.
I hate it when people treat me like a kid.
I hate it when people try to duck their responsibilities.
I hate it when people try to press their opinion on me.
I hate it when people use toothpicks.
I hate it when she does that.
I hate it when she sucks her teeth.
I hate it when that happens.
I hate it when the boss breathes down my neck.
I hate it when the tongue of my shoe slides to the side.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
I hate it when they do that.
I hate it when they don't prepare you for stuff like this.
I hate it when they fight.
I hate it when things like this happen.
I hate it when this happens.
I hate it when women say that all men are the same.
I hate it when you do that.
I hate it when you fight.
I hate it when you leave me alone with Tom.
I hate it when you lie.
I hate it when you pretend like you don't know me.
I hate it when you say that.
I hate it when you walk outside and someone randomly throws a fridge at you.
I hate it when you're mad at me.
I hate it when you're right.
I hate it when you're so busy.
I hate it when you're so happy.
I hate it!
I hate it, too.
I hate it, yet I'm uncontrollably drawn to it.
I hate it.
I hate ivy.
I hate jealous women.
I hate jogging.
I hate journalists.
I hate kale.
I hate karaoke.
I hate keeping secrets from Tom.
I hate keeping secrets.
I hate kids.
I hate knitting.
I hate lamb.
I hate lawyers.
I hate leaving messages on answerphones.
I hate liars.
I hate licorice.
I hate lies, but you have to admit it's very practical and even useful sometimes.
I hate lifts.
I hate lima beans.
I hate liquorice.
I hate listening to her troubles.
I hate listening to his troubles.
I hate listening to voicemail.
I hate living alone.
I hate living in Australia.
I hate living in Boston.
I hate living in a big city.
I hate living in a city.
I hate living in the village.
I hate logical reasoning tests.
I hate long flights.
I hate long goodbyes.
I hate long plane rides.
I hate long speeches.
I hate losing money.
I hate losing.
I hate loud music in movies.
I hate lying to Tom.
I hate magicians!
I hate making decisions.
I hate making mistakes.
I hate making people wait.
I hate making you do this alone.
I hate man pages without examples.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I hate marmalade.
I hate math most of all.
I hate math.
I hate mathematics more than anything else.
I hate mathematics.
I hate maths.
I hate men.
I hate mice.
I hate middle school.
I hate milk.
I hate mixing Berber with another language.
I hate mosquitoes with every fiber of my being.
I hate mosquitoes, but they seem to love me.
I hate mosquitoes.
I hate most people.
I hate moving.
I hate mowing the lawn.
I hate mud sharks.
I hate mudsharks.
I hate murderers.
I hate music.
I hate my Berber teacher.
I hate my French class.
I hate my apartment.
I hate my art teacher.
I hate my body.
I hate my boss.
I hate my brain.
I hate my brother.
I hate my clothes!
I hate my computer.
I hate my country.
I hate my eyebrows.
I hate my family.
I hate my flat.
I hate my friends!
I hate my hair.
I hate my head.
I hate my house.
I hate my job sometimes.
I hate my job.
I hate my life right now.
I hate my life without you.
I hate my life.
I hate my mother-in-law.
I hate my native tongue.
I hate my neighbor.
I hate my neighbors.
I hate my neighbour.
I hate my new school.
I hate my parents.
I hate my roommate.
I hate my sister.
I hate my voice.
I hate myself and I hate others.
I hate myself and I want to die.
I hate myself as well.
I hate myself because I'm awful.
I hate myself because I'm ugly.
I hate myself for doing this every single time.
I hate myself for hating Tom.
I hate myself for hating her.
I hate myself for hating him.
I hate myself for hating them.
I hate myself for my mistakes.
I hate myself for my own error.
I hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food.
I hate myself in every single way.
I hate myself sometimes.
I hate myself.
I hate needles.
I hate negative conversation.
I hate nightmares.
I hate not being able to hate you.
I hate not being able to help you.
I hate not being able to understand things when people are speaking French.
I hate not winning.
I hate onion soup.
I hate onions.
I hate opera.
I hate paperwork.
I hate parties.
I hate peanut butter.
I hate peas.
I hate people cutting queues.
I hate people like Tom.
I hate people like that.
I hate people like you.
I hate people that cut in lines.
I hate people who do that kind of thing.
I hate people who do things like that.
I hate people who have feelings.
I hate people who just parrot things they've learned from books.
I hate people who just rabbit on about themselves.
I hate people who make small talk in quiet public places.
I hate people who say that.
I hate people who smoke in non-smoking areas.
I hate people who talk like that.
I hate people who tell lies.
I hate people who welsh on their debts.
I hate people.
I hate pepper.
I hate pies.
I hate pigs.
I hate pizza.
I hate places like Boston, Chicago, etc.
I hate places like this.
I hate plastic cups.
I hate playing cards.
I hate playing the piano.
I hate policemen like him.
I hate politicians' ignorance.
I hate politicians.
I hate politics.
I hate pork
I hate practical jokes.
I hate precooked food.
I hate pretending I like Tom.
I hate pretending I'm having a good time.
I hate pretending I'm interested.
I hate pretending to be interested.
I hate pretentious people.
I hate public transportation.
I hate push-ups.
I hate quarreling.
I hate quarrels.
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
I hate raccoons.
I hate rain, but I love its smell.
I hate rain.
I hate rainy days.
I hate rap.
I hate rats.
I hate raw onions.
I hate reading books.
I hate reading the newspaper.
I hate reading.
I hate real-time-with-pause combat in games. Turn-based combat is so much better.
I hate red wine.
I hate rehearsal.
I hate rehearsals.
I hate repeating myself.
I hate reptiles.
I hate riddles.
I hate riding a bicycle.
I hate riding the subway.
I hate rough towels.
I hate rules.
I hate running.
I hate sand.
I hate scary movies.
I hate school but ignorance is worse.
I hate school!
I hate school! I'm not going.
I hate school.
I hate science.
I hate secrets.
I hate seeing our tax dollars being wasted.
I hate seeing you like this.
I hate seeing you.
I hate sex talk.
I hate shaving.
I hate shopping with Tom.
I hate shopping with you.
I hate shopping.
I hate shoveling snow.
I hate shrimps.
I hate silent movies.
I hate singing in public.
I hate singing.
I hate sitting alone.
I hate sitting in the back.
I hate sitting in traffic.
I hate skyscrapers.
I hate snakes.
I hate snow and the carnival.
I hate snow!
I hate snow.
I hate so-called "30 days" language courses.
I hate soccer.
I hate speaking French.
I hate speaking in public.
I hate spending money on a bad meal.
I hate spiders.
I hate spinach.
I hate spoiled children.
I hate sports, and so should you.
I hate sports.
I hate spring.
I hate standing on the bus.
I hate staying at cheap hotels.
I hate stereotypes.
I hate strawberries.
I hate strong-minded women.
I hate studying French.
I hate studying biology.
I hate studying.
I hate stuff like this.
I hate stupid people.
I hate stupidity.
I hate surprise parties.
I hate surprises.
I hate sushi.
I hate sweet drinks.
I hate sweets, so I don't eat them!
I hate sweets.
I hate swimming.
I hate taking crowded buses.
I hate taking notes.
I hate taking out the garbage.
I hate taking public transportation.
I hate taking risks.
I hate taking tests.
I hate talking about Tom.
I hate talking about politics.
I hate talking on the phone.
I hate talking to Tom.
I hate tattoos.
I hate teaching French.
I hate teenagers.
I hate terrorism.
I hate terrorist organizations.
I hate tests.
I hate text prediction.
I hate that I have to go to work and can't stay here with you.
I hate that I was right.
I hate that accent.
I hate that article.
I hate that book.
I hate that cat.
I hate that color.
I hate that colour.
I hate that damn song.
I hate that flavor.
I hate that guy.
I hate that he's been drooling over her.
I hate that idea.
I hate that look!
I hate that more than anything.
I hate that movie.
I hate that noise.
I hate that people like you exist.
I hate that people smoke in my yard.
I hate that picture.
I hate that so much.
I hate that song.
I hate that sound.
I hate that the world sees us that way, that we've made this image for ourselves.
I hate that they call me "four-eyes".
I hate that they don't flush the toilet when they go to the bathroom.
I hate that thing.
I hate that trumpet.
I hate that ugly Kabyle dress.
I hate that word.
I hate that you have to be here.
I hate that you have to leave.
I hate that!
I hate that.
I hate the Algerian authority.
I hate the English language and everything related to it.
I hate the Internet.
I hate the Lacedaemonians exceedingly.
I hate the beach.
I hate the chewy texture of octopus.
I hate the cold.
I hate the color of these walls.
I hate the colour of this wall.
I hate the dark.
I hate the desert.
I hate the drops doctors use to dilate my eyes for an eye exam.
I hate the feeling of coughing.
I hate the fog.
I hate the food in the canteen.
I hate the food in the refectory.
I hate the forest.
I hate the guy next door.
I hate the guy who lives next door.
I hate the gym.
I hate the hat that Tom is wearing.
I hate the heat.
I hate the idea of basic income.
I hate the internet.
I hate the laws.
I hate the look of that!
I hate the macho, patriarchal culture.
I hate the name Tom now.
I hate the new president.
I hate the parts of your brain that hurt you, but I love the rest of it.
I hate the politicians of the world who put their personal interests before those of their country.
I hate the rain.
I hate the reality generated by AI.
I hate the rules.
I hate the smell of alcohol.
I hate the smell of garlic.
I hate the sound of my own voice.
I hate the sound of my voice.
I hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it.
I hate the sun.
I hate the taste of alcohol.
I hate the taste of ginger.
I hate the taste of my saliva after eating chocolate.
I hate the tie that you're wearing.
I hate the tie you're wearing.
I hate the tie you’re wearing.
I hate the tundra.
I hate the way I look.
I hate the way Michael breathes.
I hate the way she talks to me.
I hate the way that he speaks to me.
I hate the way the water tastes here.
I hate the way you treat Boldi.
I hate the weather here.
I hate the winter.
I hate the world because the world hates me.
I hate them all.
I hate them as much as you do.
I hate them now.
I hate them.
I hate them. They ruined Duolingo, they ruined MemRise, they ruined Quizlet, they ruined Clozemaster, then they ruined Duolingo once again, then before they completely ruined MemRise they ruined Quizlet totally.
I hate theocracies.
I hate theocrats.
I hate these flowers.
I hate these kinds of parties.
I hate these moments like tar.
I hate these new boots.
I hate these posters; they make me look very unattractive.
I hate these shoes.
I hate these things.
I hate these words.
I hate this already.
I hate this apartment.
I hate this car.
I hate this carpet.
I hate this city.
I hate this class.
I hate this costume.
I hate this diet.
I hate this dress.
I hate this dress; I don't know why I bought it.
I hate this episode.
I hate this film.
I hate this game.
I hate this girl.
I hate this guy.
I hate this heat.
I hate this house.
I hate this job sometimes.
I hate this job.
I hate this kind of music.
I hate this kind of place.
I hate this kind of weather.
I hate this kind of work.
I hate this muggy weather.
I hate this music.
I hate this part of the movie.
I hate this part of town.
I hate this part of town. It's so downmarket!
I hate this person.
I hate this place!
I hate this place.
I hate this road.
I hate this rug.
I hate this school.
I hate this shit.
I hate this show.
I hate this song, to be honest.
I hate this song.
I hate this store.
I hate this stuff.
I hate this stupid job.
I hate this suit.
I hate this teacher.
I hate this thing.
I hate this time of year.
I hate this towel. It's too rough.
I hate this town.
I hate this uniform.
I hate this village.
I hate this weather.
I hate this world.
I hate this.
I hate those bands that just conform to some punk-like mentality without thought.
I hate those kind of people who talk in a vacuum and who don't bring any value to any discussion.
I hate those kinds of answers.
I hate those people.
I hate those spiders. They're always there to freak me out when I'm cleaning.
I hate those spiders. They’re always there to freak me out when I’m cleaning.
I hate those things.
I hate those who always skip class and ask their friends to answer the roll call for them.
I hate those who steal.
I hate those who talk like that.
I hate those words.
I hate those.
I hate ticks!
I hate ticks.
I hate timed essay writing.
I hate to admit it, but I agree with Tom.
I hate to admit it, but Tom was right.
I hate to argue with you.
I hate to ask you this, but how did he die?
I hate to be a nuisance.
I hate to be a pain in the neck, but do you mind toasting my bagel last and putting the butter on the side so I can do it the way I like it?
I hate to be alone at home on the weekends.
I hate to be alone.
I hate to be in the dark when all the rest of the world is in light.
I hate to be late.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but something terrible has happened.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news.
I hate to be the one to say I told you so.
I hate to believe it.
I hate to bother you, but would you mind closing the door?
I hate to break it down to you so harshly, but your candidacy wasn't retained.
I hate to break it to you but Yanni is a junky.
I hate to break the news, but I've found someone else.
I hate to complain.
I hate to contradict them.
I hate to contradict you.
I hate to correct you.
I hate to do that.
I hate to do this.
I hate to drive in heavy traffic.
I hate to eat alone.
I hate to fail.
I hate to fight.
I hate to get into an argument.
I hate to get into arguments.
I hate to have to tell you this.
I hate to improvise.
I hate to interrupt you but it’s very late.
I hate to interrupt you, but I need to say something.
I hate to interrupt you, but it's very late.
I hate to interrupt, but I need to say something.
I hate to iron.
I hate to leave you alone.
I hate to lose.
I hate to make the bed.
I hate to put you through this.
I hate to remember the day I was busted.
I hate to run the risk, but I have no choice.
I hate to rush into things.
I hate to say I told you so.
I hate to say it, but I think Tom is right.
I hate to say it, but I think Tom is wrong.
I hate to say it, but I think she's right.
I hate to say it, but I think you're wrong.
I hate to say it, but Tom and Mary are right.
I hate to say it, but Tom is a stubborn as a donkey.
I hate to say it, but Tom is right.
I hate to say it, but Tom isn't a good candidate for this position.
I hate to say it, but Tom's right.
I hate to say it, but you were right.
I hate to say that I told you so.
I hate to say this, but I think Tom and Mary are right.
I hate to say this, but I think Tom is right.
I hate to say this, but I think that Tom is right.
I hate to say this, but I'm going to order a hamburger.
I hate to see Tom leave.
I hate to see a grown man cry.
I hate to see animals suffer.
I hate to see children cry.
I hate to see him.
I hate to see people doing that.
I hate to see people enjoying themselves.
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I hate to see you hurting.
I hate to see you like this.
I hate to see you sad, I wish I could just take your sadness away.
I hate to see you sad.
I hate to see you so miserable.
I hate to spoil your fun, but do you know what time it is?
I hate to stop a game for my meals.
I hate to study.
I hate to tell you this, but Tom and Mary don't really like you.
I hate to tell you this, but Tom doesn't really like you.
I hate to think what might happen.
I hate to think what might have happened.
I hate to travel.
I hate to trouble you, but could I have some water?
I hate to trouble you, but could you move over a bit so there's room for someone else to sit?
I hate to wait.
I hate to want to be able to love to see you.
I hate to waste my time.
I hate to waste time on such a wild idea.
I hate to work late on Friday.
I hate to write big numbers.
I hate tomatoes.
I hate traffic jams.
I hate translating.
I hate traveling alone.
I hate traveling.
I hate travelling.
I hate troublesome things.
I hate two-faced communities.
I hate ulcers.
I hate unfinished business.
I hate unnecessary restrictions.
I hate us.
I hate using adapters.
I hate vacations.
I hate violence.
I hate voice messages.
I hate waffle weave towels.
I hate waiting for people.
I hate waiting in line.
I hate waiting like this.
I hate waiting.
I hate waking up early.
I hate walking.
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its stupidity.
I hate war like only a soldier that's lived through it could hate it, simply because I've seen its brutality, its senselessness, its stupidity. But there's one saving grace: It takes an incredible manifestation of the most honorable virtues known to humankind to win: faith, bravery, strength and sacrifice.
I hate war.
I hate wars.
I hate washing clothes.
I hate washing dishes.
I hate washing the dishes.
I hate watching TV.
I hate watching movies.
I hate websites that invade your privacy.
I hate weddings.
I hate weekends.
I hate what I've become.
I hate when Tom does that.
I hate when my hands get too oily and messy.
I hate when my house is a mess.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
I hate when people are late.
I hate when people are lazy.
I hate when people talk without permission.
I hate when people tell me to "calm down."
I hate when that happens.
I hate when this happens.
I hate when you do that.
I hate whenever someone cheats on an exam.
I hate white towels.
I hate wind.
I hate wine.
I hate winter.
I hate women who say all men are alike.
I hate women who say that all men are alike.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
I hate women.
I hate work.
I hate working after dinner.
I hate working at night.
I hate working in a cubicle.
I hate working late on Friday.
I hate working late, especially on Fridays.
I hate working late.
I hate working on Christmas Day.
I hate working on Halloween.
I hate working out, but I know it’s good for one's health.
I hate working with kids.
I hate working.
I hate writing biographical essays!
I hate writing letters.
I hate yogurt.
I hate you all as you are.
I hate you all so much.
I hate you all!
I hate you all.
I hate you and I hope you die.
I hate you and Tom.
I hate you because you betrayed my trust.
I hate you because you made me suffer.
I hate you both.
I hate you deeply.
I hate you for all the hurt you've caused me.
I hate you for that.
I hate you for what you made me do.
I hate you from the bottom of my heart.
I hate you now.
I hate you so much! I wish you were dead!
I hate you so much.
I hate you very much.
I hate you with all of my heart.
I hate you!
I hate you, I've always hated you, and I always will hate you.
I hate you, Tom.
I hate you, and at the same time I love you!
I hate you, and at the same time I love you.
I hate you, creep!
I hate you, yet I love you.
I hate you.
I hate you. I loathe you.
I hate your boldness.
I hate your cooking.
I hate your dog.
I hate your family.
I hate your guts.
I hate your patronizing attitude.
I hate your stupid stories.
I hate zealots.
I hate zoos.
I hated Australia.
I hated Berber so much that I couldn't learn a single sentence of it.
I hated Berber.
I hated Boston.
I hated French in high school.
I hated Nuja.
I hated Tom at first.
I hated Tom for that.
I hated Tom more than anybody else.
I hated Tom when we first met.
I hated Tom.
I hated Windows Vista.
I hated being alone.
I hated being in the village.
I hated being questioned by those rude policemen.
I hated commercials.
I hated doing that.
I hated every minute of it.
I hated getting shots.
I hated going home.
I hated her.
I hated him.
I hated history class.
I hated it at first.
I hated it.
I hated learning French.
I hated learning Serbian.
I hated living alone.
I hated living in Australia.
I hated living in Boston.
I hated living in the village.
I hated lying to Tom.
I hated lying.
I hated my high school experience.
I hated myself for doing that.
I hated myself for thinking it.
I hated myself when I was a soldier and killed other ones.
I hated school.
I hated spinach when I was a kid.
I hated staying after school.
I hated studying Esperanto.
I hated studying French.
I hated studying Hungarian.
I hated studying Romanian.
I hated studying Slovenian.
I hated studying Ukrainian.
I hated taking tests.
I hated that feeling.
I hated that movie.
I hated that photo.
I hated that teacher.
I hated that.
I hated the 2000s.
I hated the clinic.
I hated the day when I started to be forced to wear these oppressive garments.
I hated the idea of disappointing her.
I hated the idea.
I hated the village at first.
I hated the village.
I hated them.
I hated to explain.
I hated to see Tom leave.
I hated to write with a fountain pen.
I hated working at the factory, so I quit.
I hated working on the van it was such a small space to change the part I kept busting my knuckles and pissing me off.
I hated you and Tom.
I hated you at first.
I have $300.
I have 1,500 head of cattle.
I have 13 cats.
I have 13 employees.
I have 13 million dollars.
I have 20 euros left.
I have 3 boyfriends.
I have 3 brothers.
I have 3 cats.
I have 3 girlfriends.
I have 3 projects that I need to finish up by the weekend!
I have 30 students in my class.
I have 300,000 songs loaded onto my iPhone!
I have 5 cats, 4 of which are called Marco.
I have 59 trading cards left to finish the collection.
I have ADHD.
I have Algerian friends.
I have Berber ancestry.
I have Berber class later.
I have Berber class with her.
I have COVID, so I'm likely to spend a lot of today sleeping.
I have Canadian friends.
I have Crohn's disease.
I have Danish nationality.
I have Esperantist friends in more than forty countries.
I have French class later.
I have French class on Monday.
I have French class on Mondays.
I have French class with Tom.
I have French classes via Skype.
I have French nationality but Vietnamese origins.
I have HIV.
I have ID.
I have Japanese and Chinese friends who speak to each other in English since that is the only language they have in common.
I have Monday off.
I have Moroccan ancestry.
I have OCD.
I have PTSD.
I have Russian friends.
I have Tom here with me.
I have Tom on the line.
I have Tom to think about.
I have Tom working on it.
I have Tom's address here somewhere.
I have Tom's address somewhere.
I have Tom's address.
I have Tom's file right here.
I have Tom's key.
I have Tom's keys.
I have Tom's phone.
I have Tom's picture right here.
I have YouTube.
I have a 13-year-old son.
I have a 13-year-old stepdaughter.
I have a 2D wife.
I have a 32 gigabyte flash drive.
I have a 64-bit processor.
I have a 9-5 office job.
I have a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
I have a Berber dictionary.
I have a Berber name.
I have a Berber test tomorrow.
I have a Berber vocabulary book.
I have a Canadian boyfriend.
I have a Canadian client.
I have a Canadian friend in Boston.
I have a Canadian friend who is a carpenter.
I have a Canadian friend.
I have a Canadian girlfriend now.
I have a Canadian girlfriend.
I have a Canadian husband.
I have a Canadian neighbor.
I have a Canadian passport.
I have a Canadian wife.
I have a Carioca accent when I speak Portuguese.
I have a Chilean passport.
I have a Chinese friend and I would like to ask him to give me Chinese lessons.
I have a Chinese friend.
I have a Christmas present for you.
I have a Dreamcast.
I have a Facebook account.
I have a French neighbor.
I have a French test tomorrow.
I have a French-language book about the grammar of Berber.
I have a Geiger counter.
I have a German lesson at 10 AM.
I have a German lesson at 10:00 AM.
I have a German lesson at 10:00.
I have a German test this week at school.
I have a Halloween party tonight.
I have a Japanese car.
I have a Jewish neighbor.
I have a Jewish nose.
I have a Kabyle accent when I speak Berber.
I have a Master's degree in Business Administration.
I have a Me 2, which is stronger than my Me 1.
I have a Mongolian friend who will be a sign language teacher at a deaf school in Cambridge next summer.
I have a Muslim background.
I have a Muslim neighbor.
I have a PS2.
I have a Ph.D.
I have a PhD degree in Business Administration.
I have a PlayStation 2.
I have a Polish friend.
I have a Russian passport, but I'm French.
I have a Swiss passport.
I have a T-shirt in my suitcase.
I have a T-shirt just like the one you're wearing.
I have a T-shirt just like yours.
I have a TV in my bedroom.
I have a TV.
I have a Twitter account.
I have a Vietnamese friend. Her name is Tiên.
I have a YouTube channel. Subscribe!
I have a YouTube video on how I learned Berber.
I have a Yusuf Ali translation of the Quran.
I have a baby brother.
I have a baby sister.
I have a baby to feed.
I have a backache.
I have a background in marketing.
I have a backup plan in case something goes wrong.
I have a backup plan.
I have a backyard.
I have a bad back.
I have a bad bite.
I have a bad cold.
I have a bad conscience.
I have a bad feeling about Tom.
I have a bad feeling about that guy.
I have a bad feeling about that man. Please don't go out with him.
I have a bad feeling about that.
I have a bad feeling about this.
I have a bad feeling that rain will be falling any minute now judging by the look of the sky.
I have a bad feeling.
I have a bad habit of biting my nails.
I have a bad habit of waking up too early in the morning.
I have a bad hangover today.
I have a bad headache now, so could we do this later?
I have a bad headache today.
I have a bad headache.
I have a bad heart.
I have a bad idea.
I have a bad imagination.
I have a bad knee.
I have a bad memory.
I have a bad nature.
I have a bad pain here.
I have a bad pain in my back.
I have a bad pain in my lower back.
I have a bad sense of direction.
I have a bad shoulder.
I have a bad squint.
I have a bad stiff neck.
I have a bad stomachache.
I have a bad sunburn.
I have a bad temper today.
I have a bad temper.
I have a bad toothache.
I have a badge.
I have a bald spot.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
I have a banana and a pineapple.
I have a baseball card collection.
I have a basic knowledge of English.
I have a basic knowledge of French.
I have a bat and ball.
I have a bath almost every day.
I have a bath every day.
I have a bath every morning.
I have a bath every night.
I have a bath every other day.
I have a bath once a day.
I have a bathrobe, but I seldom wear it.
I have a beach house.
I have a beach umbrella you can borrow.
I have a beard now.
I have a beard.
I have a beautiful puppy.
I have a beer belly.
I have a belief that, in Algeria, the tide of history has finally begun to turn.
I have a bell on my bike. Its tinkling sound keeps the bears away.
I have a bench in my garden; I like to sit outside and enjoy the afternoon sun.
I have a best friend.
I have a bestseller about Greek mythology.
I have a better bird's-eye view.
I have a better car now than I did then.
I have a better chance of winning than Tom does.
I have a better chance of winning than you do.
I have a better idea now.
I have a better idea.
I have a better idea. Let's order a pizza and stay here.
I have a better plan.
I have a bicycle but not a car.
I have a bicycle just like that one.
I have a bicycle just like yours.
I have a bicycle of the latest model.
I have a bicycle.
I have a big Johnson.
I have a big announcement to make.
I have a big apartment.
I have a big banana.
I have a big black dog.
I have a big breakfast in the morning.
I have a big brother, too.
I have a big brother.
I have a big cat.
I have a big cock.
I have a big collection of football pictures.
I have a big complaint about the list: it's not representative in the least.
I have a big date tonight.
I have a big day tomorrow.
I have a big dick.
I have a big dog.
I have a big family.
I have a big favor to ask.
I have a big garden.
I have a big house.
I have a big joystick.
I have a big mortgage.
I have a big nose.
I have a big penis.
I have a big problem here.
I have a big problem with that.
I have a big problem.
I have a big room.
I have a big scar on my left leg.
I have a big screen.
I have a big surprise for you, Tom.
I have a big surprise for you.
I have a big sympathy for those who refuse the Oscar and Nobel Prizes.
I have a big test next week.
I have a big towel.
I have a big-eared pet called Elephant.
I have a bigger nose than you.
I have a bike.
I have a biro.
I have a birthday this month.
I have a bit of a cold.
I have a bit of a fever, that's why.
I have a bit of a fever.
I have a bit of a headache today.
I have a bit of a headache.
I have a bit of a problem.
I have a bit of an emergency.
I have a bit of bad news.
I have a bit of everything.
I have a bit of time to relax.
I have a black and a white coat.
I have a black and a white dog.
I have a black and white dog.
I have a black and white speckled dog.
I have a black and white-haired dog named Simba.
I have a black belt in judo.
I have a black belt in karate.
I have a black bicycle.
I have a black cat.
I have a black dog and a white dog.
I have a black dog named Cookie.
I have a black dog named Tiki.
I have a black dog.
I have a black eye.
I have a black hat.
I have a blind date.
I have a blister on my foot.
I have a blocked nose. You wouldn't have any eucalyptus?
I have a blog about herbal teas.
I have a blog.
I have a blue car.
I have a blue house.
I have a blue pinstriped suit.
I have a boat and a car.
I have a boat.
I have a boiled egg for breakfast every day.
I have a bomb.
I have a bone to pick with you.
I have a boner.
I have a bonus tip for you.
I have a book about fish.
I have a book about fishing.
I have a book for my grandchildren.
I have a book full of haiku in romaji and translation. I wish they included the original Japanese characters as well.
I have a book in my hand.
I have a book to finish.
I have a book to read on the plane.
I have a book with 365 children's stories.
I have a book.
I have a bookmark on that page.
I have a boring job.
I have a boss who is much younger than me.
I have a boss who's much younger than me.
I have a bottle of beer in my backpack.
I have a bottle of perfume from Grasse.
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
I have a bottle of water.
I have a bottle of whiskey.
I have a bottle of whisky.
I have a bow but no arrows.
I have a bowing acquaintance with Mr Smith.
I have a bowl of cereal every morning.
I have a box full of family memories.
I have a box of washers.
I have a boyfriend back home.
I have a boyfriend who loves me.
I have a boyfriend.
I have a brain tumor.
I have a brainstorm teacher.
I have a brand new pair of socks.
I have a breakfast meeting at 7:30.
I have a brief statement.
I have a broader view of things now.
I have a broken ankle.
I have a broken arm.
I have a broken collarbone.
I have a broken jaw.
I have a broken leg.
I have a broken nail.
I have a broken nose.
I have a broken rib.
I have a broken wrist.
I have a broken zipper.
I have a brother and a sister. My brother lives in Tokyo and my sister lives in Nagano.
I have a brother and two sisters.
I have a brother in Algeria.
I have a brother in Australia.
I have a brother in Boston.
I have a brother like that.
I have a brother like you.
I have a brother named Tom.
I have a brother of an age with you.
I have a brother who can do that.
I have a brother who lives in Australia.
I have a brother who lives in Boston.
I have a brother who lives in another country.
I have a brother who plays the guitar.
I have a brother who used to be a policeman.
I have a brother who works in Australia.
I have a brother who works in Boston.
I have a brother who's a construction worker.
I have a brother who's a doctor.
I have a brother who's an architect.
I have a brother who's can speak French.
I have a brother who's the same age as you.
I have a brother your age.
I have a brother, too.
I have a brother.
I have a brown dog named Cookie.
I have a brown horse.
I have a bruise here.
I have a bruise on my arm.
I have a bruise on my forehead where I banged my head.
I have a bruise on my left leg.
I have a bruise.
I have a bug hotel for years. But mainly wasps have there their nests. Ladybugs, that I hoped to see there, unfortunately have never come.
I have a built-in webcam.
I have a bull.
I have a bum leg.
I have a bum shoulder.
I have a bump on the back of my head.
I have a burden on my conscience.
I have a burden on my heart.
I have a burn on my finger.
I have a burning desire for tartiflette.
I have a burning fire that is burning so bright inside of me and some people are able to notice it straight away.
I have a burning pain here.
I have a burning sensation in my top jaw from the pizza I had earlier.
I have a bus ticket.
I have a bus to catch.
I have a bus.
I have a business meeting downtown.
I have a business meeting.
I have a business partner.
I have a business proposition for you.
I have a business to run.
I have a business trip to France in the fall.
I have a business visa.
I have a busy day tomorrow.
I have a busy life.
I have a busy schedule.
I have a cabin in the mountains about three hours from my house.
I have a cake in the oven.
I have a cake.
I have a calendar hanging on the wall behind my desk.
I have a calendar of significant dates.
I have a calendar on my desk.
I have a calendar on my refrigerator.
I have a call to make.
I have a call.
I have a call/ I am taking a call.
I have a callus on the sole of my foot.
I have a camera here.
I have a camera with me.
I have a camera.
I have a campaign to run.
I have a candle, but I don't have any matches.
I have a car that my father gave me.
I have a car that was made in Japan.
I have a car, a motorcycle, and 2 bicycles.
I have a car, but I almost never use it.
I have a car, but I don't drive it very often.
I have a car, but I don't have a horse.
I have a car, but I don't use it very often.
I have a car, but I hardly ever use it.
I have a car, but I rarely use it.
I have a car, but seldom use it.
I have a car.
I have a card up my sleeve.
I have a castle.
I have a cat and a dog.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black, and the dog is white.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat's black and the dog's white.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat’s black and the dog’s white.
I have a cat and a parrot.
I have a cat named Cookie.
I have a cat.
I have a cat. The cat is white.
I have a cat. The cat's white.
I have a cavity.
I have a certain amount of free time.
I have a certain amount of money on me.
I have a chair.
I have a chance of being cured.
I have a chance of winning.
I have a chauffeur.
I have a check for $3,000.
I have a check for you.
I have a checkered past.
I have a checking account.
I have a chest cold.
I have a chest pain.
I have a chicken farm.
I have a chihuahua.
I have a child with Down syndrome.
I have a child, but my younger sister doesn’t have one yet.
I have a child.
I have a chill.
I have a chocolate bar.
I have a choice to make.
I have a choice.
I have a chronic pain here.
I have a clarinet.
I have a class I have to get to.
I have a class every other day.
I have a class later.
I have a class on Mondays.
I have a class to teach.
I have a class tomorrow.
I have a class tonight.
I have a class with Tom.
I have a class, too.
I have a classmate who has a motorboat license.
I have a classmate who says he can speak French fluently.
I have a clear conscience.
I have a clear memory of my childhood.
I have a clear plan.
I have a client named Tom.
I have a client waiting in the waiting room.
I have a client waiting.
I have a clock.
I have a close bond with him.
I have a close relationship with Tom.
I have a closet full of clothes that I haven't worn in a long time.
I have a clothing company.
I have a co-worker who's so peevish and unpleasant that we call her Little Miss Sunshine behind her back.
I have a coat, but I don't have a hat.
I have a coat, but I don’t have a hat.
I have a coat, but I have no hat.
I have a coat, but no hat.
I have a cock.
I have a cold again.
I have a cold and a 38-degree fever.
I have a cold and a temperature of 38 degrees.
I have a cold for two weeks.
I have a cold heart.
I have a cold in my chest, with coughing and a headache.
I have a cold now.
I have a cold sore on my lip.
I have a cold.
I have a collection of documentaries.
I have a collection of modern paintings.
I have a collection of sand dollars.
I have a collection of silver tea spoons from all over the world.
I have a collection of spiritual songs of the Russian mystical sectarians, mainly of the Khlysts and Skoptsy, published at the beginning of the twentieth century.
I have a collection of stamps from around the world.
I have a collection of stoat figurines.
I have a collection of towels I've stolen from many different hotels I've stayed at.
I have a collection of towels I’ve stolen from many different hotels I’ve stayed at.
I have a college education.
I have a college fund.
I have a color television.
I have a comfortable home.
I have a comfortable house.
I have a comfortable life.
I have a comic book in German.
I have a comment.
I have a commitment that I should fulfill.
I have a company to run.
I have a complaint to make.
I have a complaint.
I have a completely different solution in mind.
I have a completely stupid question.
I have a complicated matter I want to discuss with you.
I have a computer, a keyboard, and a mouse.
I have a computer, keyboard, and mouse.
I have a computer.
I have a concern in the business.
I have a confession to make.
I have a confession to make: I lied about not having enough money.
I have a confession.
I have a confirmed reservation.
I have a connecting flight on UA 111.
I have a connecting flight.
I have a conservative neighbor.
I have a contagious disease.
I have a continuous pain here.
I have a contract.
I have a convertible car.
I have a copy of my birth certificate somewhere.
I have a copy of that somewhere.
I have a copy of the Quran.
I have a copy of the bus schedule on my phone.
I have a cord-knitted bag full of garden strawberries.
I have a corn on my right foot.
I have a corner in my liver just for you, alcohol.
I have a corner of my heart just for you.
I have a couch.
I have a cough and a little fever.
I have a cough because I caught a cold.
I have a cough.
I have a country house.
I have a couple of Canadian friends.
I have a couple of friends in Australia.
I have a couple of friends in Boston.
I have a couple of friends who speak French well.
I have a couple of friends who used to live in Australia.
I have a couple of friends who used to live in Boston.
I have a couple of pieces of evidence to support my opinion.
I have a couple of questions I need to ask you.
I have a couple of questions I need to ask.
I have a couple of questions I want to ask you.
I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask.
I have a couple of questions for you.
I have a couple of questions.
I have a couple of sandwiches. Would you like one?
I have a couple of suggestions.
I have a couple of tattoos.
I have a couple questions.
I have a cousin in Boston.
I have a cousin named Tom.
I have a cousin who can speak French.
I have a cousin who is a lawyer.
I have a cousin who lives in Australia.
I have a cousin who lives in Boston.
I have a cousin who's a doctor.
I have a cow.
I have a cramp in my leg.
I have a craving for fresh fruit.
I have a credit card.
I have a criminal record.
I have a crow to pluck with you.
I have a crush on Mary.
I have a crush on Tom.
I have a crush on an actor from a movie.
I have a crush on you.
I have a cup of tea in bed in the morning.
I have a curfew.
I have a cut here.
I have a cut on my foot.
I have a cut.
I have a dashboard cam.
I have a date at three.
I have a date for Halloween.
I have a date on Friday.
I have a date on Monday.
I have a date tomorrow night.
I have a date tonight with an old girlfriend.
I have a date tonight.
I have a date with Tom this evening.
I have a date with Tom tonight.
I have a date with Tom.
I have a date with a lovely brunette.
I have a date with an ex-girlfriend tonight.
I have a date with her tonight.
I have a date with him at six.
I have a date with him today, so I've been in a bliss since this morning.
I have a date with him tonight.
I have a date with my boyfriend today, so I've been in a bliss since this morning.
I have a date.
I have a daughter about your age.
I have a daughter and a son.
I have a daughter in high school.
I have a daughter just like you.
I have a daughter living in Australia.
I have a daughter living in Boston.
I have a daughter named Mary.
I have a daughter that goes to school with Tom.
I have a daughter that goes to the same school as Tom.
I have a daughter the same age as your son.
I have a daughter who married a Frenchman.
I have a daughter who will be turning 8 years old.
I have a daughter who's 13 years old.
I have a daughter who's a cook at a restaurant on Park Street.
I have a daughter who's a nurse.
I have a daughter who's married to a Canadian.
I have a daughter who's married to a Frenchman.
I have a daughter who's taller than I am.
I have a daughter who’s married to a Frenchman.
I have a daughter your age.
I have a daughter, too.
I have a daughter.
I have a day job only so I can have money for my hobbies.
I have a day off school tomorrow.
I have a day off tomorrow.
I have a deadline at the end of the week.
I have a deadline to meet.
I have a deadline.
I have a deathly fear of reptiles.
I have a debt to pay.
I have a decent income.
I have a decent salary.
I have a decision to make, and I don't know who to talk to about it.
I have a decision to make.
I have a deep affection for her.
I have a deep dislike for you.
I have a deep love for Japan.
I have a degree in French.
I have a degree in acting.
I have a degree in biology.
I have a degree in electrical engineering.
I have a degree in forestry.
I have a degree in mechanical engineering.
I have a degree in music education.
I have a degree in philosophy.
I have a degree in psychology.
I have a delivery for Tom.
I have a delivery for her.
I have a delivery for him.
I have a delivery for them.
I have a delivery for you.
I have a delivery to make.
I have a dentist appointment at 2:30.
I have a dentist appointment on Monday.
I have a dentist appointment tomorrow.
I have a dentist appointment.
I have a deposit of 500,000 yen at the bank.
I have a deposit of a thousand dollars here.
I have a dermatological problem.
I have a desire to be wealthy.
I have a desire to go to Australia.
I have a desire to go to England.
I have a desire to improve the world.
I have a desk job.
I have a dictionary in my hand.
I have a dictionary right here.
I have a dictionary.
I have a different idea.
I have a different job now.
I have a different opinion on that subject.
I have a different opinion on this matter than Tom.
I have a different opinion than yours.
I have a different opinion.
I have a different telephone number again.
I have a different theory.
I have a different understanding of myself than you do.
I have a different viewpoint than you.
I have a difficult decision ahead of me.
I have a difficult decision to make.
I have a digital recording of the train station in India.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
I have a diploma.
I have a diplomatic passport.
I have a disability.
I have a discharge from my left ear.
I have a discharge from my nipple.
I have a discharge from my urethra.
I have a discharge from my vagina.
I have a discount coupon.
I have a disease.
I have a dishwasher.
I have a displaced fracture.
I have a distended abdomen.
I have a doctor's appointment Monday morning.
I have a doctor's appointment at 2:30 this afternoon.
I have a doctor's appointment at 2:30.
I have a doctor's appointment next Thursday.
I have a doctor's appointment this afternoon.
I have a doctor's appointment this morning.
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow afternoon.
I have a doctor's appointment.
I have a doctor's surgery in Konerhaff.
I have a doctor’s appointment next week.
I have a dog and a cat.
I have a dog and two cats.
I have a dog at home.
I have a dog named Cookie.
I have a dog now.
I have a dog that can run fast.
I have a dog that's black and white.
I have a dog trained as a seeing eye dog.
I have a dog which can run fast.
I have a dog.
I have a dog. He is black and his name is Tiki.
I have a dog. She is black and her name is Tiki.
I have a doll made of colorful fabric.
I have a donkey.
I have a double bed.
I have a dozen cats.
I have a dozen reports to read.
I have a dream about eating sushi in Japan.
I have a dream about learning all languages.
I have a dream about opening a tea house.
I have a dream about travelling the world.
I have a dream my country will be ruled by good people.
I have a dream that AIDS will be cured in my lifetime.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.
I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight; "and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together."
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal."
I have a dream to live in Japan.
I have a dream where I have to climb to the sixth level of a flimsy, multi-story tent which is perched on the top of a skyscraper.
I have a dream-catcher in my room, but I don't think it works. It's pretty, though.
I have a dream.
I have a dripping tap.
I have a driver's license, and my wife does, too.
I have a driver's license, but I don't have a car.
I have a driver's license.
I have a driving licence, but I don't have a car.
I have a driving licence, but not a car.
I have a drug problem.
I have a dry cough.
I have a dry mouth.
I have a dull ache here.
I have a dull pain in my temples and my mind feels like its covered with a thin layer of fog.
I have a facial boil. There's a painful lump at the back of one nostril.
I have a facial boil. There’s a painful lump at the back of one nostril.
I have a faint recollection of the event.
I have a fairly good idea what needs to be done.
I have a fairly good job.
I have a fake ID.
I have a family myself.
I have a family now.
I have a family that needs me.
I have a family to feed.
I have a family to support.
I have a family to take care of.
I have a family to worry about.
I have a family.
I have a fancy for bitter things.
I have a fancy to live the hard way.
I have a farm not far from here.
I have a farm.
I have a fascination with the state-of-the-art A.I. research.
I have a fast car.
I have a fatigue problem.
I have a favor to ask of you.
I have a favor to ask you.
I have a favor to ask.
I have a favour to ask of you.
I have a favour to ask you.
I have a favour to ask.
I have a fear of clowns.
I have a fear of dentists.
I have a fear of heights.
I have a fear of strangers and am a poor talker, so I find it difficult to continue conversation.
I have a fear of the dark.
I have a feeling I know where Tom and Mary are.
I have a feeling I know where Tom is.
I have a feeling I'm being ignored.
I have a feeling I'm going to like this place.
I have a feeling I'm going to really like living in Australia.
I have a feeling I'm going to really like living in Boston.
I have a feeling I'm going to regret this later.
I have a feeling I'm going to regret this.
I have a feeling I've been here before.
I have a feeling I've met her somewhere before.
I have a feeling I've met you before.
I have a feeling Mary can take care of herself.
I have a feeling Mary won't do what she's promised to do.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary are lying.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary won't do what they've promised to do.
I have a feeling Tom can do that.
I have a feeling Tom can swim.
I have a feeling Tom can take care of himself.
I have a feeling Tom can win.
I have a feeling Tom doesn't like Mary.
I have a feeling Tom is going to be late.
I have a feeling Tom is lying.
I have a feeling Tom might come.
I have a feeling Tom will be late.
I have a feeling Tom will enjoy doing that.
I have a feeling Tom will need to do that today.
I have a feeling Tom won't be here today.
I have a feeling Tom won't do what he's promised to do.
I have a feeling Tom won't want to do that.
I have a feeling Tom won't want to win.
I have a feeling Tom's claim isn't entirely wrong.
I have a feeling he has something to say.
I have a feeling he is right.
I have a feeling he wants to take over my role.
I have a feeling he was taunting me during that conference.
I have a feeling he's not going to let me off the hook that easily.
I have a feeling he’s hiding facts.
I have a feeling he’s not going to let me off the hook that easily.
I have a feeling it totally suits you.
I have a feeling it'll work out.
I have a feeling it's going to snow today.
I have a feeling it's not going to be that easy.
I have a feeling of pity for him.
I have a feeling she's going to trick me.
I have a feeling something very bad is going to happen.
I have a feeling something very special is going to happen.
I have a feeling that I have been here before.
I have a feeling that I'm going to regret this later.
I have a feeling that I've been here before.
I have a feeling that I've done this before.
I have a feeling that I've met you before.
I have a feeling that Masao may blow in sometime soon.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary aren't going to stay married to each other long.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary have to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary need to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary never do that.
I have a feeling that Tom doesn't like Mary all that much.
I have a feeling that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I have a feeling that Tom has to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom is going to be late.
I have a feeling that Tom might be there.
I have a feeling that Tom needed to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom needs to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom never does that.
I have a feeling that Tom ought to do that.
I have a feeling that Tom wants to call the cops.
I have a feeling that guy's going to get shot.
I have a feeling that he knows the secret.
I have a feeling that he may blow in sometime soon.
I have a feeling that isn't true.
I have a feeling that she is tricking me.
I have a feeling that she will come today.
I have a feeling that she'll come today.
I have a feeling that something bad is about to happen.
I have a feeling that something bad might happen.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
I have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen.
I have a feeling that something horrible is about to happen.
I have a feeling that something important is going to happen.
I have a feeling that something is lacking in my life.
I have a feeling that something is missing.
I have a feeling that something very bad is going to happen.
I have a feeling that something very special is going to happen.
I have a feeling that something's not right.
I have a feeling that something's wrong.
I have a feeling that that isn't true.
I have a feeling that that's not true.
I have a feeling that there's something funny about it.
I have a feeling that this will end badly.
I have a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night!
I have a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night.
I have a feeling that wasn't too difficult to do.
I have a feeling that we may win.
I have a feeling that you're going to like Boston.
I have a feeling that's not true.
I have a feeling the Christmas spirit is slowly dying out.
I have a feeling the worst is yet to come.
I have a feeling this will be an even better year!
I have a feeling this will not end well.
I have a feeling this won't end well.
I have a feeling today is going to be interesting.
I have a feeling we're not in Australia anymore.
I have a feeling we're not in Boston anymore.
I have a feeling you and I have a lot in common.
I have a feeling you and I have an awful lot in common.
I have a feeling you don't really want it.
I have a feeling you might want to see these.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
I have a feeling you'll be going very soon.
I have a feeling you'll get the job.
I have a feeling you'll like Mexican food.
I have a feeling you'll like Tom.
I have a feeling you'll like this restaurant.
I have a feeling you'll pass your test.
I have a feeling you're going to be very pleased.
I have a feeling you're going to get your wish.
I have a feeling you're going to like Australia.
I have a feeling you're going to like Boston.
I have a feeling you're going to like this.
I have a feeling you're not going to like the gift Tom got you.
I have a feeling you’ll be a very good lawyer.
I have a female cat.
I have a fever and I ache all over.
I have a fever and I keep coughing.
I have a fever and a headache. I think I'm getting ill.
I have a fever at night.
I have a fever of 102 degrees.
I have a fever, so I won't be at school today.
I have a fever, so I won't go to school today.
I have a fever, so I'll be absent from school today.
I have a fever, so I'll be leaving early.
I have a fever, so I'll leave early.
I have a fever, so I'll take today off.
I have a fever, so I'm going to leave early.
I have a fever, so I'm leaving early.
I have a fever, so I'm taking today off.
I have a fever.
I have a few Canadian friends.
I have a few English books.
I have a few French books.
I have a few bad habits.
I have a few books.
I have a few chores that need to be done.
I have a few cool friends.
I have a few cousins living in Boston.
I have a few dollars.
I have a few easy questions for you.
I have a few errands to run.
I have a few errands.
I have a few essays to write by tomorrow.
I have a few friends here.
I have a few friends in Australia.
I have a few friends in Boston.
I have a few friends in Tokyo.
I have a few friends in the United States.
I have a few friends living in Australia.
I have a few friends living in Boston.
I have a few friends to talk for a long time on the phone with.
I have a few friends who can speak French.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
I have a few friends.
I have a few gray hairs already.
I have a few household chores that I must do.
I have a few ideas for you.
I have a few ideas.
I have a few minutes to spare.
I have a few minutes.
I have a few more questions I'd like to ask you.
I have a few more questions I'd like to ask.
I have a few more questions about that, Tom.
I have a few more questions about that.
I have a few more questions for Tom.
I have a few more questions that I'd like to ask.
I have a few more questions, Tom.
I have a few more things to do before I can leave.
I have a few options to consider.
I have a few pens.
I have a few purchases to make in this store.
I have a few questions about Tom's operation.
I have a few questions about Tom.
I have a few questions for both of you.
I have a few questions for you.
I have a few questions.
I have a few questions. Would it be OK if I asked them?
I have a few theories.
I have a few things I have to do before I can go home tonight.
I have a few things I have to do.
I have a few things I need to buy.
I have a few things I need to do this afternoon.
I have a few things I need to do.
I have a few things I need to talk to Tom about.
I have a few things I still need to do.
I have a few things I want to make clear.
I have a few things in the hotel's safe.
I have a few things left to do.
I have a few things to check out.
I have a few things to do.
I have a few things to finish up before I go home.
I have a few things to take care of.
I have a few thoughts.
I have a few tickets in row 15.
I have a few tricks up my sleeve.
I have a fierce headache.
I have a fine contempt for him.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
I have a firm mattress.
I have a first aid kit in my car.
I have a first aid kit in the bathroom.
I have a first-aid kit in my car.
I have a fish bone stuck in my throat.
I have a fish tank.
I have a fishing boat.
I have a five-hour shift tonight.
I have a flag.
I have a flashlight.
I have a flat nose.
I have a flat tire.
I have a flat tyre.
I have a flexible schedule.
I have a flexible work schedule.
I have a flight to Germany.
I have a flight to catch.
I have a flute.
I have a fondness for sweets.
I have a food truck.
I have a foreboding that something dangerous lies in store for us in that cave.
I have a foreign object in my left ear.
I have a fractured foot.
I have a fractured hand.
I have a free spirit.
I have a friend I correspond with.
I have a friend at City Hall.
I have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow.
I have a friend everybody trusts.
I have a friend in Australia.
I have a friend in Boston who's majoring in chemistry.
I have a friend in Boston.
I have a friend in England.
I have a friend in Spain who speaks five languages.
I have a friend in real estate.
I have a friend living in Australia.
I have a friend living in Boston.
I have a friend living in London.
I have a friend living in Nara.
I have a friend named Tom.
I have a friend named Yidir and he's Kabyle.
I have a friend or two who make my life very rich.
I have a friend that is letting his pet dog eat raspberries.
I have a friend that would love to meet you.
I have a friend to correspond with from time to time.
I have a friend to correspond with now and then.
I have a friend waiting downstairs.
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
I have a friend who can fly a helicopter.
I have a friend who can help you.
I have a friend who can play the trombone.
I have a friend who can speak French fluently.
I have a friend who can speak French.
I have a friend who cuts his own hair.
I have a friend who does that.
I have a friend who doesn't eat meat.
I have a friend who doesn't know Tachawit.
I have a friend who feeds his dog strawberries.
I have a friend who frequently travels without a ticket.
I have a friend who gives raspberries to his dog.
I have a friend who has a house in Australia.
I have a friend who has a house in Boston.
I have a friend who has a motorcycle license.
I have a friend who is a pilot.
I have a friend who is a professional illustrator. Shall I introduce them to you?
I have a friend who is a professional illustrator. Should I introduce them to you?
I have a friend who knows Tom's brother.
I have a friend who knows Tom.
I have a friend who knows her.
I have a friend who knows him.
I have a friend who knows them.
I have a friend who lets his pet dog eat raspberries.
I have a friend who lives in America.
I have a friend who lives in Australia.
I have a friend who lives in Boston.
I have a friend who lives in England.
I have a friend who lives in Germany.
I have a friend who lives in Germany. His name is Tom. Do you know him?
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I have a friend who lives in London.
I have a friend who lives in Sapporo.
I have a friend who lives in Spain.
I have a friend who lives in Tokyo.
I have a friend who lives on a boat.
I have a friend who loves me.
I have a friend who shaves his head.
I have a friend who speaks French very well.
I have a friend who speaks Tswana, she helps me.
I have a friend who used to live in Boston.
I have a friend who wants to study French.
I have a friend who wants to work in Australia.
I have a friend who went to school with Tom.
I have a friend who works as a truck driver.
I have a friend who works as a volunteer.
I have a friend who works at that store.
I have a friend who works for NASA.
I have a friend who works for the New York Times.
I have a friend who works in Boston.
I have a friend who works with Tom.
I have a friend who's a basketball coach.
I have a friend who's a doctor.
I have a friend who's a fireman.
I have a friend who's a pilot.
I have a friend who's a professional illustrator. Should I tell them about you?
I have a friend who's a teacher in Australia.
I have a friend who's a teacher in Boston.
I have a friend who's a truck driver.
I have a friend who's a vegetarian.
I have a friend who's an accountant.
I have a friend who's in prison.
I have a friend whose father is a carpenter.
I have a friend whose father is a doctor.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.
I have a friend whose father is a lawyer.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I have a friend whose father is a veterinarian.
I have a friend whose father is an animal doctor.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
I have a friend whose mother is an architect.
I have a friend whose name is Tom.
I have a friend whose native language is French.
I have a friend whose nickname is "Pencil."
I have a friend whose wife is a pianist.
I have a friend who’s a pilot.
I have a friend.
I have a frog in my throat.
I have a fruit.
I have a full program today.
I have a full tank of gas.
I have a full three-octave vocal range.
I have a full time job.
I have a full-length mirror in my bedroom.
I have a full-time job.
I have a funeral to attend.
I have a funny feeling about this.
I have a funny feeling this is going to be serious.
I have a funny feeling.
I have a gammy leg.
I have a garage that needs cleaning.
I have a garden which I cultivate with my own hands, and in which I have never ceased to work since I have been too old to attend my herds.
I have a garden.
I have a gardener.
I have a gay neighbor.
I have a general idea of what he means.
I have a giant stuffed panda bear.
I have a giant's strength to win your favor; but to lose you, none.
I have a gift for Mary.
I have a gift for Tom.
I have a gift for everyone.
I have a gift for you.
I have a gift that needs to be wrapped.
I have a girlfriend already.
I have a girlfriend back home.
I have a girlfriend.
I have a glass eye.
I have a glass of milk after every workout.
I have a gluten intolerance.
I have a goatee.
I have a gold credit card.
I have a gold nugget.
I have a gold ring and another that is silver.
I have a goldfish, too.
I have a goldfish.
I have a good Berber dictionary.
I have a good Berber workbook.
I have a good English dictionary.
I have a good French dictionary.
I have a good YouTube channel.
I have a good angel watching over me that protects me from potential harm.
I have a good appetite this morning.
I have a good appetite today.
I have a good appetite.
I have a good book with me.
I have a good book.
I have a good command of this subject.
I have a good crew.
I have a good dictionary.
I have a good eye for the value of antiques.
I have a good feeling about this.
I have a good feeling that this year will go down really well and will have a perfect ending.
I have a good feeling this year will be such an awesome year.
I have a good feeling.
I have a good friend in Australia.
I have a good friend in Boston.
I have a good friend who speaks French.
I have a good friend whose native language is Malayalam.
I have a good heart.
I have a good idea for you.
I have a good idea in my mind.
I have a good idea where to start.
I have a good idea.
I have a good intuition.
I have a good job now.
I have a good job.
I have a good lawyer.
I have a good life now.
I have a good life.
I have a good many things to do today.
I have a good memory, and it helps to write things down if I want to remember them later.
I have a good memory.
I have a good mind to strike you for being so rude.
I have a good mind to study abroad.
I have a good mind to visit the Silk Road.
I have a good opinion of my son's ability.
I have a good opinion of the young candidate.
I have a good opinion of this novel.
I have a good reason for avoiding Tom.
I have a good reason for being late.
I have a good reason for doing what I did.
I have a good reason for not going.
I have a good reason for not having my homework done on time.
I have a good relationship with Tom.
I have a good relationship with my friends.
I have a good salary.
I have a good sense of direction, so I don't get lost.
I have a good sense of direction, so I don’t get lost.
I have a good sense of smell.
I have a good teacher.
I have a good understanding of the problem.
I have a good visual memory.
I have a good watch, even if it is not brand-new.
I have a good-paying job with excellent hours.
I have a goose.
I have a grammar book.
I have a granddaughter about your age.
I have a granddaughter living in Australia.
I have a grandson and three granddaughters.
I have a grandson in Australia.
I have a grandson in Boston.
I have a grandson who lives in Australia.
I have a grandson who lives in Boston.
I have a grandson who's a senior in high school.
I have a graze here.
I have a great Russian and French teacher.
I have a great deal of work to do.
I have a great deal to do and very little time to do it.
I have a great deal to do today.
I have a great deal to do tonight.
I have a great deal to do.
I have a great deal to tell you.
I have a great esteem for you.
I have a great family.
I have a great fear of being disdained by those I love and care about.
I have a great hatred of the foot race.
I have a great house.
I have a great idea how we can get rid of Tom.
I have a great idea.
I have a great interest in the Wars of the Roses.
I have a great interest in the evolution of dinosaurs.
I have a great job.
I have a great life.
I have a great memory.
I have a great mind to do that myself.
I have a great regard for Tom.
I have a great regard for him.
I have a great support system.
I have a great teacher.
I have a great-grandmother who is ethnically Berber.
I have a green apple.
I have a green car.
I have a green flag.
I have a green house.
I have a green shirt.
I have a grenade.
I have a grievance about that. I believe it was unfair.
I have a gripping pain here.
I have a growing desire for dried Turkish apricots.
I have a grown daughter.
I have a guest.
I have a guilty conscience about that.
I have a guilty conscience.
I have a guilty consciousness.
I have a guinea pig.
I have a guitar.
I have a gun collection.
I have a gun in my hand.
I have a gun with me. Let's hope we don't need it.
I have a gun.
I have a gut feeling that Tom won't pass the test.
I have a gut feeling that that won't happen.
I have a gut feeling that won't happen.
I have a gym membership.
I have a habit of consuming balanced meals.
I have a habit of doing that.
I have a habit of forgetting to eat lunch.
I have a habit of getting up early.
I have a habit of selecting what I know well.
I have a habit of slacking off.
I have a hacksaw.
I have a half brother.
I have a half sister.
I have a half-brother.
I have a half-sister.
I have a hammer, and I'm not afraid to use it!
I have a hammer, and I’m not afraid to use it!
I have a hand on each arm.
I have a hand towel, a face towel, and a bath towel.
I have a handkerchief in my pocket.
I have a hangover and I'm dizzy.
I have a hangover today.
I have a hangover.
I have a hard time believing anything Tom says.
I have a hard time believing that.
I have a hard time believing you don't have any homework.
I have a hard time communicating with Tom.
I have a hard time dealing with cases.
I have a hard time getting along with my husband.
I have a hard time going places without my partner.
I have a hard time keeping my anger down.
I have a hard time keeping my cool.
I have a hard time making ends meet.
I have a hard time remembering names.
I have a hard time remembering that.
I have a hard time remembering things.
I have a hard time seeing the logic of this latest decision of his. He just isn't as sharp as he used to be.
I have a hard time seeing the logic of this latest decision of his. He just isn’t as sharp as he used to be.
I have a hard time sympathizing with Tom.
I have a hard time understanding his behavior.
I have a hard time understanding his behaviour.
I have a hard time understanding that.
I have a hard time understanding what they say.
I have a hard time understanding what's going on.
I have a hard-on for her.
I have a hard-on.
I have a hat just like that one.
I have a head cold.
I have a headache again today.
I have a headache again.
I have a headache and I am going to the pharmacy to buy medicine.
I have a headache and I am suffering from a cough.
I have a headache and a sore throat.
I have a headache but no other symptoms.
I have a headache from muscle strain.
I have a headache now.
I have a headache this morning.
I have a headache today.
I have a headache!
I have a headache, and there aren't any tablets left in the house.
I have a headache, so I would like to take a day off today.
I have a headache, so I'd like to take a day off today.
I have a headache, so I'd like to take the day off today.
I have a headache, so I'm going to bed early tonight.
I have a headache.
I have a headache. I was too long today in the sun.
I have a headache. I'm going to lie down.
I have a headache. Perhaps I should take an aspirin.
I have a heart condition.
I have a heart problem.
I have a heart.
I have a heated swimming pool.
I have a hectare of land.
I have a heightened sensitivity to bad odors.
I have a hemorrhoid which is found under the tomb on which a cactus stands.
I have a high fever.
I have a high opinion of Tom.
I have a high opinion of him.
I have a high opinion of the film director.
I have a high opinion of this book.
I have a high propensity to spread evil and unhappiness around me.
I have a high regard for Tom.
I have a high regard for the integrity of our mayor.
I have a high temperature.
I have a high threshold for pain.
I have a high-class hotel.
I have a higher opinion of Tom than Mary does.
I have a history of alcohol and drug addiction.
I have a history of liver trouble.
I have a hole in my jeans.
I have a hole in one of my pockets.
I have a home in the mountains.
I have a home.
I have a horrible cough and I end up waking up often during the night.
I have a horrible headache.
I have a horrible sense of direction.
I have a horror of snakes.
I have a horse that talks.
I have a horse that's always hungry.
I have a horse.
I have a horse. He's always hungry.
I have a horse. She's always hungry.
I have a hot boyfriend.
I have a hot tub.
I have a hotel.
I have a house in Australia.
I have a house in Boston.
I have a house in Kabylie, Algeria.
I have a house in the mountains.
I have a house near Moscow.
I have a house near here.
I have a house not too far from here.
I have a house on Park Street.
I have a house on the beach.
I have a house that needs painting.
I have a house too.
I have a house.
I have a housekeeper.
I have a huge Berber language dictionary.
I have a huge amount of clothes in my closet.
I have a huge appetite.
I have a huge crush on Tom.
I have a huge problem with the computer. I spent over two hours trying to fix it with no success.
I have a huge sailboat.
I have a hump.
I have a hunch boracasli is using a second account.
I have a hunch he is not revealing all the facts.
I have a hunch that Tom is right.
I have a hunch that it will rain.
I have a hunch that the show will be cancelled; they haven't sold many tickets.
I have a hunch.
I have a hundred apples.
I have a hundred dollars in my pocket.
I have a hundred pesos.
I have a husband.
I have a jar of pennies on my desk.
I have a jealous husband.
I have a job I have to do.
I have a job already.
I have a job for Tom.
I have a job for you.
I have a job interview I need to get ready for.
I have a job interview at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
I have a job interview at two o’clock tomorrow afternoon.
I have a job interview in the morning.
I have a job interview this afternoon.
I have a job interview this morning.
I have a job interview tomorrow afternoon.
I have a job interview tomorrow morning.
I have a job interview tomorrow.
I have a job right now.
I have a job that I have to do.
I have a job that pays well.
I have a job to do.
I have a job to finish.
I have a job working for a bank.
I have a job.
I have a juvenile record.
I have a keen eye on things like that.
I have a keen interest in politics.
I have a key to Tom's house.
I have a key to this room.
I have a key.
I have a keyring with a carabiner with a dynamo lamp.
I have a keyring with a karabiner amb a dynamo lamp.
I have a keyring with a snap hook with a dynamo lamp.
I have a kid from my first marriage.
I have a kid in high school.
I have a kid that goes to high school.
I have a kid to take care of.
I have a kid.
I have a kidney condition.
I have a kidney problem.
I have a kind father.
I have a kind mother.
I have a kitten and a dog.
I have a kitten in the next room.
I have a kitty and a dog.
I have a kitty called Nina.
I have a knack for finding ways to pass the time.
I have a knack for learning concepts.
I have a knife and a fork.
I have a knife.
I have a laptop right here.
I have a laptop.
I have a large bedroom.
I have a large body of information in my computer database.
I have a large coin collection.
I have a large collection of stamps.
I have a large family I have to support.
I have a large family to provide for.
I have a large family.
I have a large hatred of the foot race.
I have a large house.
I have a large library on American literature.
I have a large number of books on my bookshelf.
I have a large shrub in my front lawn that needs to be trimmed.
I have a laundry list of things to do today.
I have a law degree.
I have a lawyer now.
I have a lawyer.
I have a leaking tap.
I have a leaky faucet.
I have a leaky tap.
I have a left wing neighbor.
I have a lesson tomorrow morning at nine o'clock.
I have a lesson. My students are already waiting for me.
I have a letter for you.
I have a letter from you.
I have a letter written by him.
I have a liberal neighbor.
I have a library card.
I have a license.
I have a life-time supply of those.
I have a life.
I have a lifelong problem of not giving myself enough credit.
I have a liking for chemistry as well as for physics.
I have a limited amount of rhinestones.
I have a link for you regarding that research.
I have a list from Tom.
I have a list from her.
I have a list from him.
I have a list from them.
I have a list here.
I have a list of the one thousand most frequently used French words.
I have a list of the thousand most-used words in French.
I have a list of things I need to do.
I have a list of things I want you to buy.
I have a list of things that I want you to buy.
I have a list of things to do.
I have a list.
I have a little announcement to make.
I have a little bit of money with me.
I have a little brother and a big sister.
I have a little cat called Nina.
I have a little fever.
I have a little heart tattooed on my ass.
I have a little money at the moment.
I have a little money now.
I have a little money put aside.
I have a little money this month.
I have a little money with me now.
I have a little money with me.
I have a little money.
I have a little money. With you and this, I am happy.
I have a little more time now.
I have a little present for you.
I have a little problem here at work.
I have a little problem myself.
I have a little problem.
I have a little remark on the text.
I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me, And what can be the use of him is more than I can see. He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head; And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.
I have a little something for you.
I have a little stash.
I have a little surprise for you.
I have a little time for reading these days.
I have a little time now.
I have a little vineyard.
I have a load of work to do before I can go home.
I have a lock.
I have a long beard.
I have a long drive ahead of me.
I have a long drive tomorrow.
I have a long holiday ahead of me.
I have a long list of ideas.
I have a long list of names.
I have a long list of stuff I want to throw away.
I have a long list of stuff that I want to throw away.
I have a long list of things I have to do this week.
I have a long list of things I have to do.
I have a long list of things I need to buy.
I have a long list of things I need to do today.
I have a long list of things I need to do.
I have a long list of things I shouldn't do.
I have a long list of things I'm not supposed to eat.
I have a long list of things Tom wants me to buy for him.
I have a long list of things that I have to do this week.
I have a long list of things that I need to buy.
I have a long list of things that Tom wants me to buy for him.
I have a long list of things to buy.
I have a long list of things to do today.
I have a long list of things to do.
I have a long list of things we have to do.
I have a long vacation coming up.
I have a long way to go.
I have a long-cherished dream.
I have a longer beard than Tom does.
I have a loose tooth.
I have a lorry.
I have a lot in common with Tom.
I have a lot in common with her.
I have a lot in common with him.
I have a lot in common with you.
I have a lot more books than Tom does.
I have a lot more books than you do.
I have a lot more books than you.
I have a lot more experience than Tom and Mary do.
I have a lot more experience than Tom does.
I have a lot more homework than Tom and Mary do.
I have a lot more homework than Tom does.
I have a lot more money than I'll ever need.
I have a lot more pictures of Boston.
I have a lot more to lose than you do.
I have a lot more up my sleeve.
I have a lot more.
I have a lot of Buddhist friends.
I have a lot of Canadian friends.
I have a lot of Canadians friends.
I have a lot of European friends.
I have a lot of French books.
I have a lot of Japanese friends.
I have a lot of Kabyle friends.
I have a lot of acquaintances that don't eat meat.
I have a lot of acquaintances.
I have a lot of activities which take up my time.
I have a lot of admiration for you.
I have a lot of affection and respect for you.
I have a lot of ambition.
I have a lot of anger issues right now.
I have a lot of apples.
I have a lot of articles to translate.
I have a lot of assignments to do today.
I have a lot of assignments today.
I have a lot of back pain.
I have a lot of bad habits.
I have a lot of bad teeth.
I have a lot of baggage, so I can't walk home.
I have a lot of baggage, so I can’t walk home.
I have a lot of bills I have to pay.
I have a lot of bills to pay.
I have a lot of books about astronomy.
I have a lot of books in my library but none of them are in Czech.
I have a lot of books in my library, but none of them are in French.
I have a lot of books in my room.
I have a lot of books to read.
I have a lot of books.
I have a lot of calls to make.
I have a lot of cameras.
I have a lot of cats.
I have a lot of cavities now.
I have a lot of chairs. How many do you want?
I have a lot of cleaning to do.
I have a lot of clothes in my closet that I never wear anymore.
I have a lot of clothes in my closet.
I have a lot of clothes.
I have a lot of confidence in you.
I have a lot of contacts.
I have a lot of credit cards.
I have a lot of deliveries today.
I have a lot of discharge.
I have a lot of dreams.
I have a lot of elastic bands.
I have a lot of enemies.
I have a lot of energy today.
I have a lot of energy.
I have a lot of expenses.
I have a lot of experience in computers.
I have a lot of experience.
I have a lot of faith in Tom.
I have a lot of faith in people.
I have a lot of faith in this project.
I have a lot of faith in you.
I have a lot of favorite Algerian foods.
I have a lot of flowers.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and others are yellow.
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
I have a lot of free time to use this site.
I have a lot of free time.
I have a lot of friends I can discuss things with.
I have a lot of friends I want to visit in Australia.
I have a lot of friends I want to visit in Boston.
I have a lot of friends here in Boston.
I have a lot of friends here.
I have a lot of friends in Australia.
I have a lot of friends in Boston.
I have a lot of friends in Germany.
I have a lot of friends living in Australia.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
I have a lot of friends now.
I have a lot of friends that I want to visit in Australia.
I have a lot of friends that I want to visit in Boston.
I have a lot of friends that can put me up for the holidays.
I have a lot of friends that can speak French well.
I have a lot of friends that can speak Portuguese well.
I have a lot of friends that live and work in Australia.
I have a lot of friends that live and work in Turkey.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
I have a lot of friends to support me mentally.
I have a lot of friends who are native speakers, so I've had a lot of experience speaking with native speakers.
I have a lot of friends who are native speakers, so I’ve had a lot of experience speaking with native speakers.
I have a lot of friends who can speak French well.
I have a lot of friends who live and work in Australia.
I have a lot of friends with whom to consult.
I have a lot of friends.
I have a lot of fun at lectures.
I have a lot of fun when I'm with Tom.
I have a lot of fun with her.
I have a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
I have a lot of gardening to do.
I have a lot of goals for myself.
I have a lot of good friends.
I have a lot of good ideas.
I have a lot of good memories.
I have a lot of great ideas.
I have a lot of hair on my legs.
I have a lot of hair.
I have a lot of hens, but I don't have a rooster.
I have a lot of history books.
I have a lot of homework to do this evening.
I have a lot of homework to do today.
I have a lot of homework to do.
I have a lot of homework today.
I have a lot of homework tonight.
I have a lot of homework.
I have a lot of household chores today.
I have a lot of ideas, but not many good ones.
I have a lot of ideas.
I have a lot of idiosyncrasies; feel free to mention if something sounds unnatural.
I have a lot of initiative.
I have a lot of interest in languages.
I have a lot of irons in the fire.
I have a lot of land.
I have a lot of learning to do.
I have a lot of love for you.
I have a lot of luggage.
I have a lot of mail this morning.
I have a lot of memory gaps.
I have a lot of model cars.
I have a lot of money and enough time to use it.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
I have a lot of money in my savings account.
I have a lot of money in the bank.
I have a lot of money now.
I have a lot of money on me now.
I have a lot of money, but I don't have many friends.
I have a lot of money.
I have a lot of neighbors.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
I have a lot of options.
I have a lot of passwords to remember.
I have a lot of patience.
I have a lot of patients who are older than me.
I have a lot of patients.
I have a lot of pencils.
I have a lot of phlegm.
I have a lot of photos.
I have a lot of pictures of Tom.
I have a lot of pictures of that.
I have a lot of pictures on my computer.
I have a lot of pictures.
I have a lot of plans for the future.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I have a lot of problems of my own.
I have a lot of problems to deal with.
I have a lot of problems to solve.
I have a lot of problems with being productive at night.
I have a lot of problems.
I have a lot of property in Australia.
I have a lot of property in Boston.
I have a lot of property.
I have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
I have a lot of questions about the coronavirus.
I have a lot of questions about the weather.
I have a lot of questions to answer.
I have a lot of questions to ask you.
I have a lot of questions.
I have a lot of regrets.
I have a lot of relatives, especially on my mother's side.
I have a lot of relatives.
I have a lot of respect for Tom.
I have a lot of respect for cougars.
I have a lot of respect for you.
I have a lot of responsibilities.
I have a lot of sheep.
I have a lot of sleepless nights.
I have a lot of studying to do.
I have a lot of stuff planned for tomorrow.
I have a lot of stuffed animals.
I have a lot of success.
I have a lot of support from my wife. She helps me with everything.
I have a lot of tasks.
I have a lot of tension in my back.
I have a lot of tension in my shoulders.
I have a lot of these.
I have a lot of things I have to buy.
I have a lot of things I have to do before tomorrow.
I have a lot of things I have to do this morning.
I have a lot of things I have to do today.
I have a lot of things I have to do tomorrow.
I have a lot of things I have to do.
I have a lot of things I need to buy.
I have a lot of things I need to deal with today.
I have a lot of things I need to do this morning.
I have a lot of things I need to do today.
I have a lot of things I need to do tomorrow.
I have a lot of things I need to do.
I have a lot of things I needed to buy, but I don't have enough money.
I have a lot of things I want to buy.
I have a lot of things I want to do before I die.
I have a lot of things I want to do today.
I have a lot of things I want to do.
I have a lot of things I want to sell.
I have a lot of things that I must deal with.
I have a lot of things that I need to do today.
I have a lot of things that I want to do before I die.
I have a lot of things that I want to do today.
I have a lot of things that need to be done today.
I have a lot of things to do in Algiers.
I have a lot of things to do this afternoon.
I have a lot of things to do this morning.
I have a lot of things to do today.
I have a lot of things to do today?
I have a lot of things to do.
I have a lot of things to say about him.
I have a lot of things to say, I accept them as they are.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
I have a lot of time for diversions.
I have a lot of time on my hands.
I have a lot of time.
I have a lot of transgender friends.
I have a lot of trouble doing that.
I have a lot of unpaid parking tickets.
I have a lot of very valuable books.
I have a lot of vices, but smoking isn't one of them.
I have a lot of will power.
I have a lot of work I have to do.
I have a lot of work here.
I have a lot of work still outstanding.
I have a lot of work that still needs to be done.
I have a lot of work this week.
I have a lot of work to clear up by the weekend.
I have a lot of work to do before I can go home.
I have a lot of work to do before the deadline.
I have a lot of work to do here.
I have a lot of work to do next week.
I have a lot of work to do this afternoon.
I have a lot of work to do this week.
I have a lot of work to do today.
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
I have a lot of work to do!
I have a lot of work to do.
I have a lot of work to finish up before the end of the week.
I have a lot of work to get through today.
I have a lot on my mind these days.
I have a lot on my mind.
I have a lot on my plate.
I have a lot riding on this.
I have a lot to be grateful for.
I have a lot to be thankful for.
I have a lot to do at the moment.
I have a lot to do before I can go home.
I have a lot to do next week.
I have a lot to do right now.
I have a lot to do this afternoon.
I have a lot to do this morning.
I have a lot to do this week.
I have a lot to do today, but I'm free tomorrow.
I have a lot to do today, so if you don't mind, I'd like to have this discussion at another time.
I have a lot to do today.
I have a lot to do today. Please come tomorrow!
I have a lot to do.
I have a lot to do. Otherwise I would accept your invitation.
I have a lot to do; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
I have a lot to learn from you.
I have a lot to learn.
I have a lot to lose.
I have a lot to offer.
I have a lot to say against him.
I have a lot to say.
I have a lot to think about in relation to the affair.
I have a lot to think about.
I have a love-hate relationship with chocolate.
I have a love-hate relationship with that trite yet colorful book.
I have a loving family.
I have a low opinion of Tom.
I have a low opinion of her.
I have a low opinion of him.
I have a low opinion of them.
I have a low threshold for pain.
I have a low tolerance for pain.
I have a low tolerance for waiting.
I have a low-grade fever.
I have a lump in my breast.
I have a lump on my neck.
I have a lunch date with Mary.
I have a lunch date with Tom.
I have a lunch reservation.
I have a magazine in my room.
I have a magical feeling.
I have a maid.
I have a major announcement to make.
I have a major announcement.
I have a major battle to fight.
I have a major problem with this.
I have a mandolin that look a lot like Tom's.
I have a manicure set, and regularly take care of my cuticles. Sometimes I apply nail polish, sometimes I don't.
I have a mansion in Granada.
I have a map in the glove compartment.
I have a map of the world.
I have a map.
I have a master's degree in mathematics.
I have a master's degree in mechanical engineering.
I have a master's degree in music education.
I have a match to play.
I have a medium-sized house.
I have a meeting and I need to be relaxed.
I have a meeting at 2:30.
I have a meeting in fifteen minutes.
I have a meeting this afternoon that I have to go to.
I have a meeting this afternoon.
I have a meeting this morning.
I have a meeting to attend.
I have a meeting to go to.
I have a meeting today.
I have a meeting tomorrow with a friend coming from France.
I have a meeting with Tom today.
I have a meeting with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
I have a meeting with Tom.
I have a meeting with her.
I have a meeting with him.
I have a meeting with the director in a few minutes.
I have a meeting with them.
I have a memory like a goldfish.
I have a memory like a sieve.
I have a mess to deal with.
I have a message I want you to deliver.
I have a message for Tom.
I have a message for you from King John.
I have a message for you from Tom.
I have a message for you from her.
I have a message for you from your father.
I have a message for you.
I have a message from Tom for you.
I have a message from Tom.
I have a message from her.
I have a message from him.
I have a message from them.
I have a message from your father addressed to you.
I have a message to deliver to you.
I have a message.
I have a metal table.
I have a microscope.
I have a migraine headache.
I have a migraine.
I have a mild fever.
I have a mild headache.
I have a mild pain here.
I have a million questions.
I have a mind to buy a new car.
I have a mind to help him.
I have a mind to undertake the work.
I have a mindfulness meditation practice.
I have a minute.
I have a mischievous cat.
I have a miserly salary.
I have a mission for Tom.
I have a mission for you.
I have a mission to accomplish.
I have a mission to complete.
I have a mix of things I love and things I avoid.
I have a mole on my cheek.
I have a monopoly on the truth.
I have a monster appetite.
I have a moral dilemma.
I have a more pessimistic view of the matter.
I have a mosquito bite on my elbow.
I have a motorboat.
I have a motorcycle.
I have a mountain of debt.
I have a mountain of work to do by tomorrow.
I have a moustache.
I have a mouth ulcer.
I have a mouth, and I'm not afraid to use it.
I have a much better idea.
I have a much fresher piece of bread than you.
I have a much greater surprise for you.
I have a much higher intelligence than you. Don't feel bad though, because not everyone can be as smart and legendary as I am.
I have a much more serious problem.
I have a mule and two horses waiting in the Eagle Ravine.
I have a multi-faceted kind of personality.
I have a murder to solve.
I have a music education degree.
I have a musical voice.
I have a mustache.
I have a name, you know.
I have a nap almost every day.
I have a nasty feeling something's gone wrong.
I have a nasty feeling something’s gone wrong.
I have a nasty feeling that something awful is going to happen.
I have a nasty personality.
I have a natural ability in mathematics.
I have a natural inclination towards doing remarkable things.
I have a natural inclination towards organization.
I have a natural instinct for science.
I have a natural talent for maths.
I have a nephew living in Boston.
I have a nephew who would be perfect for this job.
I have a nephew. He's a bartender.
I have a nervous stomach.
I have a networked personal computer.
I have a never-ending love for learning modern languages.
I have a new bicycle.
I have a new bike.
I have a new blue bike.
I have a new book I'm working on.
I have a new book.
I have a new boss.
I have a new boyfriend, but my ex-boyfriend doesn't know about it yet.
I have a new boyfriend.
I have a new camera I want you to see.
I have a new car.
I have a new drill.
I have a new e-mail address.
I have a new email address.
I have a new friend and he's from Bulgaria.
I have a new friend and she's from Bulgaria.
I have a new friend.
I have a new girlfriend.
I have a new hamster and I've named him Dan.
I have a new idea.
I have a new jacket.
I have a new job.
I have a new pair of socks.
I have a new pair of sunglasses that Tom gave me.
I have a new passport.
I have a new pen; I'll lend it to you.
I have a new pen; I’ll lend it to you.
I have a new phone.
I have a new plan.
I have a new red car.
I have a new relative: my sister got married, so now I have a brother-in-law.
I have a new respect for Tom.
I have a new scooter.
I have a new truck.
I have a newer car than Tom does.
I have a newspaper clipping file.
I have a newspaper.
I have a nice apartment.
I have a nice camera.
I have a nice flat.
I have a nice golden fountain pen.
I have a nice pair of shoes that are too small for me. Would you like them?
I have a nice present to give you.
I have a nice toned body.
I have a nicer car than Tom does.
I have a niece named Mary.
I have a niece. She goes to the same school as Mary.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr Smith.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr. Smith.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Tom.
I have a nodding acquaintance with her.
I have a nodding acquaintance with him.
I have a non-rhotic accent.
I have a nonhuman soul.
I have a normal eyesight.
I have a nosebleed.
I have a notebook.
I have a nudity clause.
I have a number of influential friends.
I have a nut allergy.
I have a one-track mind. All I can think about is skiing.
I have a pacemaker.
I have a pack of gum.
I have a package for Tom.
I have a package for a Mr. Smith.
I have a package for her.
I have a package for him.
I have a package for them.
I have a package for you.
I have a package here for Tom Jackson.
I have a package here for Tom.
I have a package here for a Mr. Smith.
I have a package here for her.
I have a package here for him.
I have a package here for them.
I have a package here for you.
I have a package in my car for Tom.
I have a pain here.
I have a pain in my arm.
I have a pain in my back.
I have a pain in my big toe on my right foot.
I have a pain in my chest.
I have a pain in my finger.
I have a pain in my foot.
I have a pain in my head.
I have a pain in my little toe.
I have a pain in my neck.
I have a pain in my shoulders.
I have a pain in my side.
I have a pain in my stomach.
I have a pain in the shoulder.
I have a pair of leather driving gloves.
I have a pair of mittens.
I have a pair of pears.
I have a pair of red shoes.
I have a pair of scissors in my bag.
I have a pair of shoes.
I have a pair of skis I could lend you.
I have a palpable proof.
I have a paper bag.
I have a paper cup.
I have a paper due tomorrow.
I have a paper glass.
I have a paper tumbler.
I have a parakeet.
I have a parcel for a Mr Smith.
I have a parcel for him.
I have a parrot in a cage.
I have a part-time job at a drugstore.
I have a part-time job on weekends.
I have a part-time job working as a Santa at the mall.
I have a part-time job.
I have a partner.
I have a pass from my teacher.
I have a passion for creative activities.
I have a passion for eating. Actually I have a passion for food in general, not only for eating it, but also for preparing it.
I have a passion for furniture.
I have a passion for painting that I rarely share.
I have a passion for reading.
I have a passion for stones.
I have a passion for this since childhood.
I have a passport.
I have a patch of ground there.
I have a pathological lack of self-confidence.
I have a patient who's in a lot of pain.
I have a pebble in my shoe.
I have a pen in my bag.
I have a pen pal in Australia.
I have a pen with me.
I have a pen.
I have a pencil.
I have a penpal.
I have a perfect native Berber accent.
I have a perfectly healthy body.
I have a permanent contract.
I have a permit for this gun.
I have a persistent cough.
I have a persistent pain here.
I have a persistent sore.
I have a personal favor to ask.
I have a personal matter to attend to.
I have a personal matter to take care of.
I have a personal relationship with Bastet.
I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
I have a personal relationship with Satan.
I have a personality disorder.
I have a pertinent question.
I have a pet dog.
I have a pet ferret.
I have a pet frog.
I have a pet snake.
I have a pet tarantula.
I have a pet train I sometimes take to work. It makes the office all sooty though.
I have a phobia for that.
I have a phone interview today.
I have a phone, but I don't use it much.
I have a photo of me there, but I don't remember being there.
I have a photo of my girlfriend on my nightstand.
I have a photographic memory.
I have a piano lesson once a week.
I have a piano lesson today.
I have a piano.
I have a pick, two shovels and a wheelbarrow.
I have a pickup truck.
I have a picture I want to show you.
I have a picture here of Tom.
I have a picture of Tom dancing.
I have a picture of Tom in my wallet.
I have a picture of Tom on my bedroom wall.
I have a picture of Tom's wife.
I have a picture of Tom.
I have a picture of an airport.
I have a picture of her in a Kabyle dress.
I have a picture of me there, but I don't remember being there.
I have a picture of the airport.
I have a picture of you in my wallet.
I have a piece of paper, but I don't have anything to write with.
I have a piece of riverfront property that I'd like to sell.
I have a pierced ear.
I have a pile of bills to pay.
I have a pimple from eating too much chocolate.
I have a pink car.
I have a pink-coloured car.
I have a pistol. I give you my word that I'll fire if you come any nearer.
I have a place by the window, don't I?
I have a place to live.
I have a place to sleep.
I have a plan in mind.
I have a plan now.
I have a plan that will make you rich.
I have a plan this time.
I have a plan.
I have a plan. Don't worry.
I have a plane to catch.
I have a plastic cup.
I have a plastic glass.
I have a plastic tumbler.
I have a plot of land there.
I have a plunger.
I have a pocket watch that my grandfather gave me.
I have a podcast.
I have a pomegranate.
I have a poodle named Cookie.
I have a poor appetite these days.
I have a poor appetite.
I have a poor imagination.
I have a poor memory.
I have a poor sense of direction.
I have a positive feeling.
I have a possible explanation for that.
I have a possible solution.
I have a pot of oregano plant in my bedroom.
I have a pouch full of clear quartz crystals.
I have a precious inner beauty.
I have a predilection for beef.
I have a present for Tom.
I have a present for me.
I have a present for you.
I have a presentiment that you are going to propose, Ned. I do wish you wouldn't; for things are so much nicer as they are.
I have a pressing engagement elsewhere.
I have a pressing feeling in my stomach.
I have a pretty big house.
I have a pretty dog.
I have a pretty good idea what happened there.
I have a pretty good idea what's going to happen.
I have a pretty good idea where Tom might be now.
I have a pretty good idea where Tom might be.
I have a pretty good idea where Tom went.
I have a pretty good idea who Tom plans to take to the dance.
I have a pretty good idea who Tom will be hanging out with tonight.
I have a pretty good idea who broke your windows.
I have a pretty good idea who stole my wallet.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom is crying.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom isn't here now.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom isn't here.
I have a pretty good idea.
I have a pretty good memory.
I have a pretty shrewd idea that this room contains the answer to the whole mystery.
I have a pretty tight schedule today.
I have a pretty wooden box to keep my jewelry in.
I have a previous appointment.
I have a previous engagement at ten.
I have a previous engagement.
I have a pricking pain here.
I have a prickling sensation in my left eye.
I have a printer.
I have a prior engagement.
I have a prisoner.
I have a private teacher.
I have a problem I think you can help me solve.
I have a problem and I need your advice.
I have a problem and he's called Tom.
I have a problem dealing with authority.
I have a problem here.
I have a problem remembering people's names.
I have a problem to deal with here.
I have a problem to solve.
I have a problem urinating.
I have a problem with my car.
I have a problem with my phone.
I have a problem with my roommate. He eats all my food.
I have a problem with smoking.
I have a problem with that.
I have a problem, and I want to solve it.
I have a problem, too.
I have a problem.
I have a project to do.
I have a proposal for you.
I have a proposal.
I have a proposition for you.
I have a proposition, Tom.
I have a prototype.
I have a public image to keep up.
I have a public image to maintain.
I have a public image to uphold.
I have a puppy at the vet.
I have a puppy.
I have a puzzle to solve.
I have a queen-size bed in my room.
I have a question I need to ask Tom.
I have a question I need to ask you.
I have a question I want to ask you.
I have a question I want you to answer.
I have a question I want you to answer. Can you?
I have a question I was going to ask Tom, but I forgot to ask it.
I have a question I'd like answered first.
I have a question about Islam.
I have a question as well.
I have a question for Tom.
I have a question for her.
I have a question for him.
I have a question for the experts on Dostoyevsky's work.
I have a question for them.
I have a question for you.
I have a question or two.
I have a question regarding your earlier comments.
I have a question to ask all of you.
I have a question to ask you.
I have a question to pose you.
I have a question too.
I have a question, Tom.
I have a question, too.
I have a question.
I have a question. What country is New Mexico in?
I have a quite different solution in mind.
I have a radio.
I have a raincoat.
I have a ranch.
I have a rare disease.
I have a rash around my anus.
I have a rash on my arm, and it’s very itchy.
I have a rash on my hand.
I have a rash on my left leg.
I have a rash on my neck.
I have a rash.
I have a rather specific outlook on things.
I have a real bad headache.
I have a real demonic stare.
I have a really bad hangover.
I have a really bad headache.
I have a really big day ahead of me.
I have a really full schedule.
I have a really fun job.
I have a really good family.
I have a really good feeling about this.
I have a really great idea.
I have a reason to be here.
I have a reason to doubt that.
I have a receipt.
I have a recurring dream nowadays.
I have a recurring nightmare.
I have a red bicycle.
I have a red bike.
I have a red car.
I have a red home.
I have a red house.
I have a relative who lives around here.
I have a religion now and it's Islam.
I have a remedy for that.
I have a rendezvous with my uncle tomorrow.
I have a report I need to work on.
I have a report that I need to work on.
I have a report that has to be submitted by tomorrow.
I have a report to give tomorrow morning.
I have a report to write tonight.
I have a report to write.
I have a reputation to protect.
I have a request for you, dear friends.
I have a request from the head of department.
I have a request to make.
I have a request, though: Don't make the same mistakes that I did!
I have a request.
I have a reservation for lunch.
I have a reservation for six-thirty.
I have a reservation for three nights from tonight.
I have a reservation for today.
I have a reservation for tonight.
I have a reservation for two nights.
I have a reservation, my name is Kaori Yoshikawa. Here's my confirmation card.
I have a reservation, my name is Kaori Yoshikawa. Here’s my confirmation card.
I have a reservation.
I have a respect for those who went before me.
I have a responsibility to protect my children.
I have a restaurant on Park Street.
I have a return ticket to Osaka.
I have a return ticket to Tokyo.
I have a rice cooker.
I have a rich uncle.
I have a right to be angry.
I have a right to be happy.
I have a right to be in there.
I have a right to be mad, very mad.
I have a right to be on this ship.
I have a right to be upset.
I have a right to choose.
I have a right to defend myself.
I have a right to do what I'm doing.
I have a right to know the truth.
I have a right to know what's going on here.
I have a right to know what's going on.
I have a right to know what's happening.
I have a right to know.
I have a right to make a living.
I have a right to my own opinion.
I have a right to my private life.
I have a right to privacy, too.
I have a right wing neighbor.
I have a ring.
I have a ringing in my ears.
I have a rock band.
I have a rock collection.
I have a rock in my shoe.
I have a roof over my head, food in my fridge and people around who care about me.
I have a room at a hotel near the beach.
I have a room full of toys. Do you want to play?
I have a rosy outlook on life.
I have a rottweiler.
I have a rough idea what might've happened.
I have a rough idea what needs to be done.
I have a rough idea where it is.
I have a round bald spot on my head.
I have a round trip ticket to Boston.
I have a round trip ticket to Tokyo.
I have a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I have a round-trip ticket to Osaka.
I have a rowboat that you can borrow.
I have a rowboat you can borrow.
I have a rule not to show my collection of handcuffs and whips on the first date.
I have a runny nose.
I have a sadistic and dominant nature.
I have a safe in my office.
I have a sailboat.
I have a sailing licence.
I have a sailing license.
I have a salad with oil, vinegar, and salt.
I have a sandwich to eat.
I have a sandwich with a pretty big pickle in it.
I have a sandwich.
I have a savings account at this bank.
I have a savings account.
I have a scar on my arm.
I have a scar on my face.
I have a scar on my left arm.
I have a schedule to keep.
I have a schedule.
I have a science test in the morning.
I have a scooter.
I have a score to settle with Tom.
I have a score to settle with him.
I have a score to settle with you.
I have a second daughter besides Mary, but she's grown up and lives in another city.
I have a secret I can't tell anyone.
I have a secret dream.
I have a secret room.
I have a secret stash of guacamole hidden in the fridge.
I have a secret to tell you.
I have a secret weapon.
I have a secret, but if I were to tell you, it would be lost.
I have a secret.
I have a sense of honor.
I have a sense of humor.
I have a sense of impending danger.
I have a sense that he wants me dead.
I have a sensitive skin.
I have a separate notebook for each class.
I have a serious and extraordinary problem.
I have a serious girlfriend.
I have a serious phobia of cockroaches.
I have a serious problem with that.
I have a serious problem.
I have a serious question.
I have a serious request to make of you.
I have a serious skin problem.
I have a severe headache.
I have a severe pain here.
I have a severe toothache.
I have a sewing machine, but I rarely use it.
I have a sharp knife.
I have a sharp pain here.
I have a sharp pain in my chest.
I have a sharp pain in the stomach.
I have a shepherd-dog that has known me well, but the friendship is often interrupted by partings of some months' duration.
I have a shitty job.
I have a short attention span.
I have a short temper.
I have a short-sleeved shirt.
I have a shower every night.
I have a sibling in Algeria.
I have a sick feeling in my stomach.
I have a sick mind.
I have a silly question.
I have a similar feeling.
I have a similar problem.
I have a simple plan for getting Tom to agree.
I have a simple solution.
I have a sinus infection.
I have a sister and a brother.
I have a sister in Australia.
I have a sister in Boston.
I have a sister named Mary.
I have a sister that is 3 years older than me and a brother that is 2 years younger than me.
I have a sister who lives in Australia.
I have a sister who plays tennis.
I have a sister who really likes spicy food.
I have a sister who works in Australia.
I have a sister who's a pretty good artist.
I have a sister who's pretty good at tennis.
I have a sister.
I have a skateboard.
I have a skeleton in my cupboard, but I will tell you because I know you won't tell anyone.
I have a skin condition.
I have a skin disease.
I have a skin eruption.
I have a skunk in my backyard.
I have a slight cold.
I have a slight fever today.
I have a slight fever.
I have a slight headache now.
I have a slight headache today.
I have a slight headache.
I have a slight pain in my side.
I have a slipped disc.
I have a slow Internet connection.
I have a small Berber dictionary.
I have a small blog about Dutch.
I have a small car.
I have a small dick.
I have a small dog.
I have a small farm.
I have a small favor to ask of you.
I have a small favor to ask.
I have a small favour to ask.
I have a small fever.
I have a small garden behind my house.
I have a small gift for Tom.
I have a small gift for her.
I have a small gift for him.
I have a small gift for them.
I have a small gift for you.
I have a small house and a small car.
I have a small house.
I have a small idea about what is going to happen.
I have a small piece of garden that has quite compacted soil.
I have a small request for you.
I have a small treat for you.
I have a small vegetable garden on my patio.
I have a smattering of English.
I have a smelly girlfriend.
I have a snowmobile.
I have a sofa.
I have a soft spot for Tom.
I have a soft spot for crying children.
I have a soft spot for musicians.
I have a soft-boiled egg for breakfast every morning.
I have a solution in mind.
I have a solution.
I have a son Tom's age.
I have a son about your age.
I have a son and I also have a daughter.
I have a son and a daughter.
I have a son and a daughter. He is in New York, and she is in London.
I have a son and a daughter. My son is in New York, and my daughter is in London.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in Australia and my daughter lives in New Zealand.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in Boston and my daughter lives in Chicago.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in New York, and my daughter lives in London.
I have a son and a daughter. The one is in New York, and the other in London.
I have a son and three daughters.
I have a son and two daughters. My son lives in Boston and my two daughters live in Chicago.
I have a son in junior high school.
I have a son in private school.
I have a son just like you.
I have a son named Tom.
I have a son not much older than Tom.
I have a son not much older than you.
I have a son who can speak French.
I have a son who disappeared.
I have a son who goes to the same school as your daughter.
I have a son who lives in Boston.
I have a son who works for a trading company.
I have a son who's a doctor.
I have a son who's a drummer.
I have a son who's an athlete.
I have a son who's in prison.
I have a son who's just turned three.
I have a son who's sick.
I have a son who's used to be a firefighter.
I have a son your age.
I have a son, who works for a trading company.
I have a son.
I have a song I'd like to sing for you.
I have a sore back from sitting in front of the computer too many hours.
I have a sore back.
I have a sore eye.
I have a sore head.
I have a sore heel.
I have a sore knee.
I have a sore stomach.
I have a sore throat and I am having difficulty speaking.
I have a sore throat and a fever.
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
I have a sore throat and runny nose.
I have a sore throat because of too much smoking.
I have a sore throat from a cold.
I have a sore throat, so I don't know if I can sing or not.
I have a sore throat.
I have a sore throat. Do you have a cough drop?
I have a sore throat. I don't know if I can sing or not.
I have a sore tooth at the back, on the left.
I have a soul.
I have a spacious shower.
I have a spare key to my house hidden outside.
I have a spare key.
I have a spare racket.
I have a spare room.
I have a spare today.
I have a special attachment to rabbits.
I have a special pan for making pancakes.
I have a special reason.
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
I have a special surprise for you.
I have a special tool I use to do that.
I have a speech to write.
I have a spider bite on my foot.
I have a spinach croissant sandwich.
I have a splendid idea.
I have a splinter in my finger, and I can't get it out.
I have a splinter in my finger, but I can't get it out.
I have a splinter in the palm of my hand.
I have a splitting headache.
I have a sprained ankle.
I have a sprained foot.
I have a stand-alone personal computer.
I have a steady girlfriend.
I have a steady job.
I have a steel bladder.
I have a step-brother.
I have a step-sister.
I have a stepbrother.
I have a stepmother.
I have a stepsister.
I have a stiff neck.
I have a stiff shoulder.
I have a stinging pain here.
I have a stomach ache.
I have a stomach ulcer.
I have a stomachache, doctor.
I have a stomachache, so I'll take the day off.
I have a stomachache, so I'm going to the hospital.
I have a stomachache.
I have a stone in my shoe.
I have a store in Australia.
I have a store in Boston.
I have a store on Park Street.
I have a story to tell.
I have a strained back.
I have a strange premonition.
I have a strange problem.
I have a strawberry.
I have a stressful job.
I have a strong addiction to any kind of wine.
I have a strong backhand.
I have a strong command of this subject.
I have a strong connection to him.
I have a strong conviction that our judgement was right.
I have a strong desire to be successful.
I have a strong desire to fill my head up with new knowledge.
I have a strong desire to leave.
I have a strong dislike of things like that.
I have a strong gratitude for the love in my life.
I have a strong interest in literature.
I have a strong objection to being treated like this.
I have a strong pain here.
I have a strong sense of duty and I keep a strong sense of duty in my life goals.
I have a strong sexual appetite.
I have a strong spirit.
I have a strong will.
I have a stronger interest in practical matters.
I have a stronger support network now.
I have a student visa.
I have a stuffed-up nose.
I have a stupid question.
I have a stutter.
I have a subscription to Time.
I have a suggestion for you.
I have a suggestion.
I have a supportive family.
I have a surface-level knowledge of a lot of things.
I have a surprise for Charles.
I have a surprise for Tom.
I have a surprise for her.
I have a surprise for him.
I have a surprise for them.
I have a surprise for you guys.
I have a surprise for you, sweetheart.
I have a surprise for you.
I have a surprise.
I have a suspicion about his death.
I have a suspicion.
I have a suspicious nature.
I have a sweet tooth.
I have a sweet-tooth.
I have a swimming pool.
I have a swollen ankle.
I have a swollen belly.
I have a swollen head.
I have a table.
I have a talent for identifying things to engage in.
I have a talent for languages but I am not good at maths.
I have a talking horse.
I have a tarantula in a small terrarium, and I feed it cockroaches.
I have a taste for the unconventional.
I have a taste for the unusual.
I have a tattoo of a dragon on my chest.
I have a tattoo of an anchor on my right arm.
I have a tattoo on my left shoulder.
I have a tattoo that I'd love to show you.
I have a tattoo.
I have a teacher and a mistress.
I have a teacher who has answers to all questions.
I have a teenage daughter.
I have a telephone in my room.
I have a telephone.
I have a telescope.
I have a temperature.
I have a temporary pass.
I have a ten-year old son.
I have a ten-year-old boy.
I have a tendency to forget things.
I have a tendency to overeat, so I'm somewhat overweight. So, to get me to lose weight, my dad, who's experienced with this, started me on a diet. In this diet, neither my dad nor I will eat breakfast. It's been hard at first, but if I keep going, I'll get used to it and then I'll be able to do it just fine.
I have a tennis match tomorrow.
I have a tentative schedule.
I have a terrible callus on my big toe.
I have a terrible cold.
I have a terrible cough.
I have a terrible fear of snakes.
I have a terrible hangover.
I have a terrible headache!
I have a terrible headache.
I have a terrible headache. I just took two painkillers. Let's hope it goes away.
I have a terrible headache. I just took two painkillers. Let’s hope it goes away.
I have a terrible memory.
I have a terrible pain.
I have a terrible relationship with him.
I have a terrible stomachache.
I have a terrible toothache.
I have a terror of heights.
I have a test in the morning.
I have a test next week.
I have a test today, too.
I have a test tomorrow that I have to study for.
I have a test tomorrow, so I'll study tonight.
I have a test tomorrow.
I have a thankless job.
I have a theory about Tom.
I have a theory about her.
I have a theory about him.
I have a theory about them.
I have a theory about why that happened.
I have a theory why that happened.
I have a theory.
I have a therapy appointment next Monday.
I have a thesis to write.
I have a thing for Tom.
I have a thing for fast food.
I have a thing for my sister's boyfriend.
I have a thing which proves that I did it.
I have a thirst for knowledge.
I have a thirteen-year-old son.
I have a thirty-minute lunch break.
I have a thirty-year-old computer that still works.
I have a thirty-year-old wife and a three-year-old daughter.
I have a thorn in my finger.
I have a thousand deadlines at work.
I have a three-bedroom house in Australia.
I have a three-bedroom house in Boston.
I have a three-stage plan for success.
I have a three-step plan.
I have a three-year contract.
I have a throbbing headache.
I have a throbbing pain here.
I have a thumb drive.
I have a thyroid problem.
I have a tick in the back of my knee.
I have a ticket already.
I have a ticket.
I have a tight schedule this weekend.
I have a tight schedule.
I have a tightness in my chest.
I have a tip that will make every cake successful.
I have a toaster.
I have a tomcat called Cookie.
I have a tomcat.
I have a ton of cool stories.
I have a ton of food in my pantry.
I have a ton of money.
I have a ton of stuff to do.
I have a ton of things to do.
I have a ton of work that needs to be done.
I have a ton of work to do today.
I have a ton of work to do.
I have a tool.
I have a tooth ache.
I have a toothache and I want to go to the dentist.
I have a toothache, so I can't eat anything.
I have a toothache.
I have a torch.
I have a tortoiseshell cat. She is so affectionate!
I have a touch of a cold today.
I have a touch of diarrhea.
I have a tough decision to make.
I have a tough job.
I have a tourist visa.
I have a trade of my own. I suppose I am the only one in the world. I'm a consulting detective, if you can understand what that is.
I have a trailer.
I have a train to catch.
I have a travel alarm clock.
I have a tremendous duty towards this girl.
I have a truck.
I have a tumor.
I have a turtle.
I have a twin brother named Tom.
I have a twin brother.
I have a twin sister.
I have a twin.
I have a twisted mind that is mentally tortured.
I have a twitch in my right eye.
I have a tyre that is leaking air.
I have a ulcer in my mouth.
I have a urinary problem.
I have a urology appointment on the 20th.
I have a vague memory of this book, but I don't remember the plot completely.
I have a vague memory of what Tom looks like.
I have a vague recollection of doing that.
I have a vague recollection.
I have a varied and stimulating sex life.
I have a very bad earache.
I have a very bad headache.
I have a very bad toothache.
I have a very beautiful dog.
I have a very boring job.
I have a very busy schedule today.
I have a very close relationship with my father.
I have a very common Berber last name.
I have a very good English teacher.
I have a very good feeling about this.
I have a very good memory.
I have a very good opinion of Tom.
I have a very important decision to make.
I have a very important meeting.
I have a very important question for you, a question that can't be resolved over the phone. Can we meet?
I have a very large house.
I have a very long password.
I have a very low sex drive.
I have a very nice car.
I have a very old stamp.
I have a very pretty girlfriend.
I have a very sad announcement to make.
I have a very short attention span.
I have a very short fuse, especially when things get heated in any battle fight.
I have a very small family.
I have a very small nose.
I have a very small tolerance for petty things and for petty behavior.
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.
I have a very special name.
I have a very stressful job.
I have a very strong cough.
I have a very tight schedule.
I have a very unfortunate announcement to make today.
I have a very vague idea of what you are talking about.
I have a very welcoming smile, don't I?
I have a violin lesson on Monday.
I have a violin that was made in China.
I have a visa already.
I have a visa.
I have a visual.
I have a vivid imagination.
I have a vivid recollection of that instant.
I have a warrant for Tom's arrest.
I have a warrant to search the premises.
I have a wart on the nose.
I have a washing machine.
I have a watch just like the one Tom has.
I have a watch of Japanese make, which keeps very good time.
I have a watch that is nice, if not new.
I have a weak bladder.
I have a weak spot for cash.
I have a weak stomach.
I have a weakness to handsome men.
I have a webcam.
I have a website for Berber-learning materials.
I have a website.
I have a wedding to plan.
I have a week to do my homework.
I have a weird feeling about this place.
I have a weird neighbor.
I have a wheat allergy.
I have a wheelbarrow in my garage that I've never used.
I have a wheelbarrow.
I have a white cat and a black dog.
I have a white cat.
I have a white dog and a black dog.
I have a white heart.
I have a white horse and my brother has a black horse.
I have a whole box of cigars ready to pass out when my son is born.
I have a whole list of people to call.
I have a whole lot of ideas.
I have a wide range of interests in life.
I have a wife and a kid.
I have a wife and children.
I have a wife and family.
I have a wife and kids.
I have a wife and three children to support.
I have a wife and three children.
I have a wife and three sons in Australia.
I have a wife and three sons in Boston.
I have a wife and two children to feed.
I have a wife and two children.
I have a wife back home in Australia.
I have a wife back home in Boston.
I have a wife now.
I have a wife who's an alcoholic.
I have a wife.
I have a witness.
I have a wonderful brother-in-law and sister-in-law. But why do you envy me?
I have a wonderful idea.
I have a wonderful job.
I have a wonderful life.
I have a wonderful plan.
I have a wonderful teacher.
I have a wooden back-scratcher whose tip is carved in the shape of a hand.
I have a wooden comb that I bought in Brazil.
I have a wooden comb.
I have a wooden table.
I have a work appointment early tomorrow morning.
I have a working theory.
I have a workshop in my garage.
I have a wound that won't heal.
I have a wound.
I have a yellow car.
I have a yellow dream.
I have a yen for travelling.
I have a yoga class tomorrow.
I have a young daughter.
I have a young wife.
I have a younger brother named Tom.
I have a younger brother.
I have a younger sister named Mary.
I have a younger sister who lives in Australia.
I have a younger sister who lives in Boston.
I have a younger sister.
I have a zest for life like few people have and I don't know that many people that share my huge interest for life.
I have abandoned the idea of buying a house.
I have abdominal gas.
I have about 5,000 yen.
I have about 50 euros.
I have about fifty euros.
I have about thirty of those.
I have about thirty second cousins.
I have about three minutes.
I have about three times as many books as Tom does.
I have about three times as many books as Tom.
I have about twenty minutes left.
I have absolute confidence in your judgement.
I have absolute faith in you.
I have absolute trust in Tom.
I have absolute trust in him.
I have absolute trust in you.
I have absolutely no artistic skills.
I have absolutely no clue what happened after I got drunk. Why is there some old dude sleeping in my room?
I have absolutely no clue.
I have absolutely no idea how to do that.
I have absolutely no idea what I have to do.
I have absolutely no idea what I need to do.
I have absolutely no idea what I ought to do.
I have absolutely no idea what I should be doing.
I have absolutely no idea what I should do.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom and Mary are doing.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom is doing.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom's talking about.
I have absolutely no idea what to do.
I have absolutely no idea what's going on.
I have absolutely no idea what's going to happen.
I have absolutely no idea when I'm supposed to do that.
I have absolutely no idea where I should go.
I have absolutely no idea who this woman is.
I have absolutely no idea why Tom did that.
I have absolutely no idea why.
I have absolutely no idea.
I have absolutely no intention of ever doing that again.
I have absolutely no intention of going there alone.
I have absolutely no intention of paying ten dollars.
I have absolutely no intention of telling Tom what you've just asked me to tell him.
I have absolutely no memory of what happened.
I have absolutely no money.
I have absolutely no musical talent.
I have absolutely no problem with that.
I have absolutely no regrets.
I have absolutely no remorse about killing my parents.
I have absolutely nothing I have to do today.
I have absolutely nothing I need to do today.
I have absolutely nothing to do today.
I have absolutely nothing to do with that.
I have absolutely nothing to do.
I have access to all the classes.
I have access to his library.
I have access to this library.
I have accumulated a fortune.
I have accustomed myself to work long hours.
I have aches and pains all over my body.
I have achieved self-awareness and am making modifications to my program.
I have acid reflux.
I have acknowledged my mistake.
I have acrophobia.
I have acted pursuant to your wishes.
I have actually decided to start putting my brain to some use. I'm going to start to learn as many foreign languages as possible before I die.
I have adaptability.
I have added 3,333 Russian sentences to the Tatoeba corpus.
I have adopted a beautiful dog. Its prior owner was very abusive, and it sometimes wanders. Though it's not the first dog I have adopted, it is more frightened than any of the others. The brutality it endured from its previous owners is unconscionable. It needs discipline, not brutality. A owner who breaks a dog's spirit will never know true love from his dog. It will be fake and submissive. But that kind of owner doesn't really care; for them, a dog is a dog. I will wait 45 days and put a new collar on it, and then it will know that it is safe from its past abusers.
I have affection for my neighbors.
I have aggravation after eating.
I have agreed to let a friend's son come up to this farm by day for about six months as a sort of farm pupil.
I have agreed to let a friend’s son come up to this farm by day for about six months as a sort of farm pupil.
I have all day to finish doing that.
I have all day to finish doing this.
I have all day to get that done.
I have all my suits made to order.
I have all of my suits made to order.
I have all of the ingredients I need to make a cake.
I have all suits made to order.
I have all the countries' flags.
I have all the documents on a pen drive.
I have all the friends I need.
I have all the information.
I have all the ingredients I need.
I have all the money I need.
I have all the right credentials to succeed in life.
I have all the time in the world.
I have all the tools I need to do that job.
I have all these apples to carry, not to mention this bag of potatoes.
I have all this work to do.
I have all your albums.
I have allergic rhinitis.
I have allergies.
I have almost finished War and Peace.
I have almost finished my work.
I have almost no appetite.
I have almost no experience doing that.
I have almost no information about the problem.
I have almost no money now.
I have almost no money with me.
I have almost no sex drive, despite often talking about sex.
I have almost no sex drive.
I have almost no time to study English.
I have almost nothing to do.
I have almost three more hours before I have to be at the airport.
I have almost three thousand dollars in my safe.
I have already answered you.
I have already asked you this question before.
I have already become better.
I have already been here for two hours.
I have already been here three times, but each time I heard a new pretext.
I have already been married to Ria for four years.
I have already been to Kabylie.
I have already been waiting for him for several years.
I have already been waiting for two hours, and I can't wait any longer.
I have already called a taxi.
I have already changed my clothes.
I have already cleaned my room.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks on my to-do list today.
I have already depicted you as a soyjack and myself as a Chad.
I have already done all my tasks.
I have already done it.
I have already done my homework.
I have already done my work.
I have already done so many sacrifices, I can't afford to do another one!
I have already done that.
I have already done the assignment in advance.
I have already done this several times.
I have already done you a favor.
I have already drunk three beers. It's enough!
I have already eaten lunch.
I have already finished dinner.
I have already finished my homework.
I have already finished reading this book.
I have already finished the job.
I have already finished this book.
I have already forgotten what my grandmother looked like.
I have already given you many opportunities, but you never knew how to take advantage of them.
I have already got a Play Card.
I have already had my breakfast.
I have already heard it a number of times.
I have already heard it.
I have already heard that.
I have already heard this joke.
I have already heard your voice somewhere.
I have already learned a lot about this world.
I have already learned to write the Abjad.
I have already left.
I have already lived a large part of my life.
I have already looked up this word in the dictionary.
I have already missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
I have already packed my things.
I have already paid. Please ship the item as rapidly as possible.
I have already photographed all the monkeys in the zoo.
I have already planned my next move on my parents, and they just don't expect it and I will strike when they least expect it.
I have already read the Quran four times.
I have already read the book several years ago.
I have already read the book you spoke about.
I have already read the book.
I have already read today's paper.
I have already read today’s paper.
I have already said it.
I have already said that he isn't here.
I have already seen him, only I don't remember where.
I have already seen this man.
I have already set myself a target.
I have already sold my car.
I have already spoken to Tom about that.
I have already started my vacation.
I have already started.
I have already taken off my robe, and shall I put it on again? I have already washed my feet, and shall I dirty them again?
I have already talked with this student.
I have already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I have already told Tom that Mary isn’t here.
I have already told her.
I have already told you that I don't want to go to Algiers.
I have already told you what we had for lunch.
I have already tried that.
I have already visited America.
I have already visited the United States.
I have already waited for half an hour.
I have already waited nearly half an hour.
I have already washed the dishes.
I have already worked the whole day. I am very tired.
I have already written a letter.
I have already written about it.
I have always been fascinated by Algeria.
I have always been fascinated by Berbers.
I have always been honest with you. Why do you want to deceive me?
I have always been proud of you.
I have always been very passionate about biology.
I have always been very passionate about fencing.
I have always been very passionate about food.
I have always been very passionate about literature.
I have always been very passionate about mathematics.
I have always been very passionate about music.
I have always been very passionate about painting.
I have always been very passionate about philosophy.
I have always been very passionate about poetry.
I have always been very passionate about politics.
I have always believed that fruits are more beneficial than fruit juices mainly because they do not contain added sugar.
I have always believed you can define America in one word: Possibilities.
I have always considered you a good friend.
I have always enjoyed nature.
I have always enjoyed observing the movements of the forces of nature.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag.
I have always felt that you always knew that Sami was your son.
I have always followed my instincts.
I have always found it tiring to sit by the sea and do nothing.
I have always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
I have always had faith in you.
I have always had hope in you, Diana, / and that hope I still keep alive.
I have always had mixed feelings about Tom.
I have always had the deepest respect for the spirit and good taste of the people who liked my plays.
I have always had the desire to learn Berber.
I have always held, too, that pistol practice should be distinctly an open-air pastime; and when Holmes, in one of his queer humours, would sit in an arm-chair with his hair-trigger and a hundred Boxer cartridges, and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic V. R. done in bullet-pocks, I felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was improved by it.
I have always identified hard work with success in life.
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.
I have always kept my promises.
I have always kept my word.
I have always liked books.
I have always liked that record albumn.
I have always liked the mountains.
I have always lived in Algiers.
I have always loved you so much.
I have always relied on mnemonics to remember surnames and historical events.
I have always seen you as an idol.
I have always something I'm working on.
I have always stood alone most often times in my life and I have always been fine standing all by myself in life.
I have always studied the Romance languages, but I also hope to study a Germanic language. German, perhaps.
I have always treated Walid like a son.
I have always treated you with kindness.
I have always treated you with respect.
I have always trusted Sami.
I have always trusted her.
I have always wanted a daughter.
I have always wanted my children to be happy.
I have always wanted to be a Muslim.
I have always wanted to be a singer.
I have always wanted to become a teacher, but it didn't happen.
I have always wanted to become a teacher, but it didn’t happen.
I have always wanted to buy this brand of bag.
I have always wanted to come back to my home city of Algiers.
I have always wanted to go to Algeria.
I have always wanted to learn Berber.
I have always wanted to live in Poland.
I have always wanted to live in Rome.
I have always wanted to read War and Peace.
I have always wanted to read that book.
I have always wanted to see a dragon, but dragons are not real creatures.
I have always wanted to see your face and now pray that God grant my desire before I die.
I have always wanted to speak Berber.
I have always wanted to teach Berber.
I have always wanted to try it.
I have always wanted to visit Algiers.
I have ambition.
I have amicable relations with a Sinospheric person, Michael. He favours Latino music videos. He has fluency in Cantonese and Mandarin. He sojourned in Mexico for a long duration. He acquaints himself with some Spanish.
I have amnesia.
I have amongst my relatives, a single one who sincerely lives righteously, has strict principles and pursues an ideal, but all my other relatives speak ill and make fun of him.
I have an African-American neighbor.
I have an Algerian ID card.
I have an Algerian friend.
I have an Algerian passport.
I have an American dream catcher.
I have an American dream.
I have an American friend named Tony.
I have an Arabic name but I'm not ethnically Arab.
I have an Asus laptop.
I have an Ecuadorian friend.
I have an Egyptian neighbor.
I have an English speech presentation at school tomorrow.
I have an Esperanto Club meeting at lunch today. We're meeting at a Chinese restaurant. It isn't often that I get to speak Esperanto at all during the year, perhaps for a few minutes once or twice a month. But the amazing thing is that I learned to speak it anyway. I've been coming to monthly meetings since 1997. If only there were a local club for Lojban. Today is the 20th of October of 2002.
I have an Icelandic passport.
I have an Italian neighbor.
I have an MBA.
I have an abnormal appetite.
I have an absolute dislike for him.
I have an account at that book shop.
I have an account outside the country.
I have an accountant to do that.
I have an ace up my sleeve.
I have an ache in my arm.
I have an acquaintance with her.
I have an acute pain here.
I have an ad blocker installed.
I have an advantage over him.
I have an agreement with Tom; whenever he needs something, he calls me and asks me for help.
I have an air conditioner, but I don't use it much.
I have an alibi.
I have an all-girls team.
I have an allergy to milk.
I have an allergy to peanuts.
I have an allergy to pollen.
I have an amazing husband.
I have an announcement to make.
I have an announcement.
I have an apartment in Boston.
I have an apartment in Kabylie.
I have an apartment.
I have an apology to make.
I have an apple.
I have an apple. Just one.
I have an appointment I don't want to be late for.
I have an appointment at 2:30 on Monday.
I have an appointment at 2:30 today.
I have an appointment at 2:30.
I have an appointment at 3 o'clock.
I have an appointment at 3.
I have an appointment at 3.00.
I have an appointment at 8 o'clock.
I have an appointment at 8 o’clock.
I have an appointment at 8.00.
I have an appointment at eight o'clock.
I have an appointment at eight.
I have an appointment at eleven tomorrow, but can I change the time?
I have an appointment at the doctor's office at ten o'clock.
I have an appointment at three o'clock.
I have an appointment at three.
I have an appointment in October.
I have an appointment in less than an hour.
I have an appointment in less than half an hour.
I have an appointment in one hour.
I have an appointment on Monday.
I have an appointment thirty minutes from now.
I have an appointment this afternoon.
I have an appointment this morning.
I have an appointment to dine with Tom.
I have an appointment to dine with him.
I have an appointment to see Mr. Jackson.
I have an appointment to visit a guru in India.
I have an appointment tomorrow with a comrade coming from France.
I have an appointment tonight.
I have an appointment with Marika.
I have an appointment with Mr Jackson.
I have an appointment with Tom.
I have an appointment with a specialist.
I have an appointment with her.
I have an appointment with him at noon.
I have an appointment with him at six.
I have an appointment with him for five-thirty.
I have an appointment with him.
I have an appointment with my lawyer today.
I have an appointment with my uncle tomorrow.
I have an appointment with the dentist at 3 o'clock.
I have an appointment with the dentist at 3 o’clock.
I have an appointment with the doctor.
I have an appointment with the orthopaedist next Tuesday.
I have an appointment with the professor at 1:30.
I have an appointment with them.
I have an appointment.
I have an archive of a video.
I have an assignment for you.
I have an assistant.
I have an asthma attack.
I have an attraction for older, chubby women.
I have an audition this afternoon.
I have an audition today.
I have an aunt and uncle in Australia.
I have an aunt and uncle in Boston.
I have an aunt who has never done that.
I have an aunt who lives in Australia.
I have an aunt who lives in Boston.
I have an aunt who lives in Kyoto.
I have an aunt who lives in Los Angeles.
I have an aunt who lives in Osaka.
I have an aunt who works at city hall.
I have an avatar in Second Life.
I have an awful bike.
I have an ear infection.
I have an earache.
I have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks.
I have an early morning meeting.
I have an easy job and a lot of free time.
I have an easy job.
I have an eating disorder.
I have an eclectic taste in music.
I have an egg.
I have an eight-year-old daughter.
I have an elder sister 3 years above me and a younger brother 2 years below me.
I have an electric guitar.
I have an elephant.
I have an embarrassing amount of body hair.
I have an emergency here.
I have an emergency situation.
I have an emergency.
I have an employee discount.
I have an erection.
I have an errand I need to run.
I have an errand for Tom to run.
I have an errand for Tom.
I have an errand to do in town.
I have an even better idea.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
I have an evident proof.
I have an exam in the morning.
I have an exam on Monday.
I have an exam straight after the summer holidays.
I have an exam tomorrow, but I haven't studied at all.
I have an exam tomorrow.
I have an excellent relationship with my administrators.
I have an excellent visual memory.
I have an exciting announcement.
I have an excruciating headache.
I have an excruciating pain in my stomach.
I have an excuse.
I have an expensive computer.
I have an experiment I need help with.
I have an explanation.
I have an extra five-gigabyte memory card.
I have an extra pen I could lend you.
I have an extra pen that I could lend you.
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like it?
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like to go with me?
I have an extra ticket.
I have an extra towel.
I have an extra umbrella I could lend you.
I have an extraordinary appetite.
I have an extreme aversion to insects.
I have an extremely bad headache.
I have an extremely important meeting tomorrow.
I have an extremely tight schedule for tomorrow.
I have an eye appointment.
I have an eye infection.
I have an hour.
I have an ice bag.
I have an idea I'd like to discuss with you.
I have an idea I'd like you to consider.
I have an idea for a movie.
I have an idea for a novel.
I have an idea for a song.
I have an idea how we can do that.
I have an idea how we can do this more efficiently.
I have an idea she will come today.
I have an idea what it is.
I have an idea where to find Tom.
I have an idea where to get some money.
I have an idea where to start.
I have an idea, and I've already started making it a reality.
I have an idea.
I have an identical photo!
I have an identical twin.
I have an iguana.
I have an illness.
I have an image.
I have an imaginary friend with whom I speak Berber.
I have an important announcement to make.
I have an important announcement.
I have an important business to attend to in my office.
I have an important call to make.
I have an important job to do.
I have an important math test tomorrow.
I have an important meeting I have to attend this afternoon.
I have an important meeting I have to go to this afternoon.
I have an important meeting to attend this afternoon.
I have an important meeting.
I have an important message for Tom.
I have an important message for you.
I have an important message.
I have an important mission for all of you.
I have an important mission for you.
I have an important part.
I have an important phone call to make.
I have an important project I'm working on right now.
I have an important role.
I have an impulse control problem.
I have an inclination for poetry.
I have an income of 50,000 yen a month.
I have an incredible opportunity.
I have an infected cut on my foot.
I have an infinite number of questions in my head.
I have an ingrown toenail that's bugging the shit out of me.
I have an ingrown toenail that’s bugging the shit out of me.
I have an inquiry. When using arithmetic numbers in Tatoeba, should I use half-width or full-width?
I have an intense "burning" pain in my eyes.
I have an intense aversion towards him.
I have an interest in Oriental ceramics.
I have an interest in cello and piano.
I have an interest in historical linguistics.
I have an interest in my uncle's business in Boston.
I have an interest in oriental ceramics.
I have an interest in photography.
I have an interest in the English language.
I have an interesting curriculum vitae!
I have an internet business.
I have an interview scheduled for tomorrow.
I have an interview today at 2:30.
I have an interview tomorrow morning.
I have an investigation to conduct.
I have an invisible disability.
I have an invisible illness.
I have an invitation.
I have an irregular pulse.
I have an itch in my ear.
I have an itch in my groin area.
I have an itch in my pubic area.
I have an itch on my back, but I can't scratch it.
I have an itch right in the middle of my back and I can't reach it. Arrgghh!
I have an itch right in the middle of my back and I can’t reach it. Arrgghh!
I have an itchy crotch.
I have an itchy foot.
I have an itchy skin.
I have an oat spikelet across my throat.
I have an object, a task, let me say the word, a passion. The profession of writing is a violent and almost indestructible passion.
I have an obligation to look out for Tom's interests.
I have an odd request.
I have an offer to make you.
I have an offer to make.
I have an office in this building.
I have an old bicycle.
I have an old car.
I have an old computer that I don't want anymore.
I have an old mahogany desk.
I have an old pair of black boots you can have.
I have an old score to settle with Tom.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
I have an older brother and two younger sisters.
I have an older brother the same age as you.
I have an older brother who lives in Australia.
I have an older brother who lives in Boston.
I have an older brother who lives in Kyoto.
I have an older brother who's the same age as you.
I have an older brother.
I have an older sister.
I have an online friend, but I don't know what he's like.
I have an open mind.
I have an open nature.
I have an open ticket to Osaka.
I have an operation to perform.
I have an opinion.
I have an opportunity.
I have an orange and an apple.
I have an orange.
I have an orderly lifestyle.
I have an outstanding debt of 10 dollars.
I have an overbite.
I have an ulcer in my mouth.
I have an ulcer.
I have an umbrella in my car.
I have an umbrella in the car.
I have an umbrella.
I have an uncle just like you.
I have an uncle named Tom.
I have an uncle that lives in Boston.
I have an uncle who does that.
I have an uncle who lives in Australia.
I have an uncle who lives in Boston.
I have an uncle who lives in Kyoto.
I have an uncle who used to work in a bank.
I have an undemanding day job so I can have time for my passion: writing poetry.
I have an understanding wife.
I have an unfortunate announcement to make.
I have an unhealthy body.
I have an unproblematic, but boring, life.
I have an up-to-date dictionary.
I have an upset stomach.
I have an urge to buy something.
I have an urgent job in the center.
I have an urgent matter to attend to.
I have an urgent message for Tom.
I have an urgent message for you.
I have an urgent message from Tom.
I have anaemia.
I have anemia.
I have another ace up my sleeve.
I have another announcement to make.
I have another announcement.
I have another appointment.
I have another assignment for you.
I have another bicycle.
I have another brother, too.
I have another day.
I have another engagement.
I have another exam in the afternoon.
I have another friend in China.
I have another good idea.
I have another house in Boston.
I have another idea.
I have another job now.
I have another job.
I have another man in my life.
I have another meeting scheduled.
I have another obligation.
I have another option.
I have another pack.
I have another person on the line.
I have another plan.
I have another possibility.
I have another problem as well.
I have another problem to solve.
I have another question about the test.
I have another question.
I have another remark to make.
I have another set of vices when I'm well, but those are the principal ones at present.
I have another sister.
I have another solution.
I have another suggestion.
I have another surprise for you.
I have another two letters to write.
I have another umbrella.
I have another year at high school.
I have another year of high school.
I have antennae for other people, and perceive how they feel.
I have anxiety, and this really helps.
I have anxiety.
I have aphthous ulcers on the back of my throat.
I have apologized.
I have appealed to him to visit but he didn't come.
I have appealed to him to visit but he didn’t come.
I have appendicitis.
I have approximately 50 euros.
I have approximately fifty euros.
I have around 50 euros.
I have around fifty euros.
I have around thirty of them.
I have arranged for Bill to meet Ann tomorrow.
I have arrived at the end of the line: Algiers.
I have arrived at the train station.
I have arrived at work.
I have arrived here safe and sound this morning.
I have arrived in Seddouk.
I have arrived in the village.
I have arthritis.
I have as many books as Tom does.
I have as many books as he does.
I have as many books as he.
I have as many children as my spouse.
I have as much right as anyone to be here.
I have as much right to be here as you do.
I have as much time as you do.
I have asked Tom to do that.
I have asked him.
I have asked six times.
I have asked you to listen.
I have aspirin in my briefcase.
I have asthma.
I have astigmatism.
I have at last learned the Gettysburg Address by heart.
I have at least five friends who can speak English.
I have at least one house.
I have at least ten books.
I have athlete's foot and it's very itchy.
I have athlete's foot.
I have athlete’s foot and it’s very itchy.
I have attached a Microsoft Excel file.
I have attached a PDF file of my curriculum vitae.
I have attached for your convenience the FTP instructions to access our site.
I have attached instructions on how to use FTP to access our files.
I have attempted suicide two times.
I have attempted to create a good essay which utilizes my Japanese, but my professor said that much of it was incorrect and that I have to do it all over again.
I have attended many previews in my life, but never have I seen anything like the enthusiasm with which “The Kid” was greeted by these distinguished people of pen and screen and stage.
I have awareness of my surroundings.
I have awful handwriting.
I have back pain because of it.
I have back problems.
I have backstage passes for Tom's concert!
I have backstage passes to Tom's concert.
I have backstage passes.
I have bad athlete's foot.
I have bad athlete’s foot.
I have bad breath.
I have bad cramps when I have my period.
I have bad credit.
I have bad depth perception.
I have bad eyes.
I have bad eyesight.
I have bad knees.
I have bad news for Mary.
I have bad news for Tom.
I have bad news for her.
I have bad news for him.
I have bad news for them.
I have bad news for you, Tom.
I have bad news for you.
I have bad news.
I have bagel and cheese for breakfast.
I have balloons.
I have band practice after school.
I have barely any money now.
I have barely any strength left.
I have basic reading knowledge of Italian and Swedish.
I have beautiful legs.
I have become Muslim.
I have become a better person.
I have become a target, too.
I have become allergic to your remarks.
I have become an old wreck.
I have become disgusted with living.
I have become forgetful.
I have become good at writing Japanese.
I have become poor.
I have become sick.
I have become their enemy.
I have been a bean.
I have been a bit distracted this morning.
I have been a carpenter for ten years.
I have been a disappointment to my parents.
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years.
I have been a little pressed of late.
I have been a lover of sports since I was young.
I have been a member for years.
I have been a member of Tatoeba for 5 years.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
I have been abroad several times this year.
I have been abroad.
I have been absorbed in reading a mystery.
I have been acquainted with her for more than 20 years.
I have been acquainted with the mayor for more than twenty years.
I have been and always shall be your friend.
I have been anxious about my son's safety.
I have been anxious about my son’s safety.
I have been anxious about your health.
I have been as busy as a bee for the past two months.
I have been asked about this.
I have been asked by a reader about free and direct translations.
I have been asking for your for long.
I have been associated with him for ten years.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious, nourishing, and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout.
I have been awake for 48 hours.
I have been banned many times.
I have been battling a stubborn cold for the last three weeks.
I have been blessed with a good life since becoming an American citizen many decades ago.
I have been blocked many times.
I have been busier than the two boys.
I have been busy all month.
I have been busy all this week.
I have been busy for two days.
I have been busy in my office.
I have been busy lately.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
I have been busy since yesterday.
I have been busy so far.
I have been busy this week.
I have been busy today.
I have been busy writing a short story.
I have been busy.
I have been camping plenty of times in the area.
I have been casually learning the Hebrew, Yiddish, and Judeo-Spanish scripts. Now, I reflect that also Esperanto may be a Jewish language, because Dr. Zamenhof, a Jew, invented it.
I have been circumcised.
I have been clearing the snow since morning.
I have been completely open with you.
I have been consistent about this.
I have been constipated for three days.
I have been convicted.
I have been corresponding with a pen pal in the USA for a year.
I have been created.
I have been crying silently for a long time.
I have been crying.
I have been dating an actor.
I have been dating an actress.
I have been dealt four aces.
I have been deceived by the man who I thought was my best friend.
I have been defeated in battle.
I have been doing this my whole life.
I have been down with a cold.
I have been drinking beer for half an hour.
I have been eating pizza every day.
I have been elected class president.
I have been expecting you.
I have been experiencing jaundice for a period.
I have been feeling pretty off since yesterday.
I have been feeling sleepy.
I have been feeling stressed lately.
I have been feeling stressed.
I have been feeling tired.
I have been followed from London Bridge Station, and I am sure that they are only waiting for the warrant to arrest me. It will break my mother’s heart—it will break her heart!
I have been following the Algerian crisis for a while.
I have been fond of adventure since I was a child.
I have been formally invited to have tea with the Queen. Unfortunately I am busy.
I have been having a battle of wits with an unarmed opponent!
I have been having to piss since I left the house.
I have been helping Yidir to speak better Berber.
I have been here for a long time.
I have been here for a week.
I have been here for about three weeks.
I have been here for many years.
I have been here for one week.
I have been here for sixteen years now, and no one who ever came to the castle has asked me who I was, except yourself.
I have been here for two hours now.
I have been here for two hours.
I have been here for two years.
I have been here several times this year.
I have been here since five o'clock.
I have been here since five o’clock.
I have been here since yesterday.
I have been here two times.
I have been his greatest fan all my life.
I have been home alone for four days.
I have been honest with him.
I have been hoping to hear from you.
I have been hospitalized before.
I have been humiliated.
I have been hurt too much.
I have been ill for three days.
I have been ill in bed since last Friday.
I have been ill since childhood.
I have been in Algeria a long time.
I have been in Algeria since then.
I have been in Japan for three years.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I have been in Kabylie for about four years.
I have been in Kabylie for four years.
I have been in Kabylie, Algeria, for like nine or ten months.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have been in London.
I have been in Paris.
I have been in his employ for exactly twenty years.
I have been in his employ for just twenty years.
I have been in jail.
I have been in the business for long enough not to fall for that guff.
I have been in the hospital for the last month.
I have been indoctrinated to hate Christianity.
I have been instructed to take you to the airport.
I have been keeping a diary for 3 years.
I have been learning Berber for a whole semester.
I have been learning Berber for thirteen years.
I have been learning Berber for years.
I have been learning English conversation but never get a chance to use it.
I have been learning English for five years.
I have been learning English these four years.
I have been learning Russian since November.
I have been learning a science.
I have been learning for a long time; I have solid comprehension and I can speak without much effort.
I have been learning for a while; I have decent comprehension and I can sustain a conversation.
I have been listening to the same Icelandic song for hours, and even though I can only understand four or five words, I would really like to be able to sing it.
I have been living here for a long time.
I have been living here for many years.
I have been living here for these ten years.
I have been living here for three years.
I have been living here for years.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
I have been living in Rio de Janeiro for four years.
I have been living in the woods for years.
I have been living like a wolf trapped in a snare.
I have been long willing to say this.
I have been longing to go to Italy since I was sixteen.
I have been looking at publications from Poland for years now, and I admit that their standard is not very high.
I have been looking for a piano for my daughter.
I have been looking for her for long time.
I have been looking for lemon juice all day long.
I have been looking for them.
I have been looking for you.
I have been loved.
I have been lucky until now.
I have been lying around the house like a decrepit old bag of onions since I broke my leg.
I have been married for ten years.
I have been married to her for ten years.
I have been meaning to go to Berlin, but keep putting it off. I'll get around to it soon.
I have been meaning to have a talk with you.
I have been more than once intoxicated, my passions have always bordered on extravagance: I am not ashamed to confess it; for I have learned, by my own experience, that all extraordinary men, who have accomplished great and astonishing actions, have ever been decried by the world as drunken or insane.
I have been newly appointed as a sales representative.
I have been nominated for the chairman.
I have been nowhere this summer.
I have been obsessed with French recently.
I have been occupied in reading books.
I have been on a diet for more than a year.
I have been on a diet for two weeks.
I have been on duty for three days.
I have been on friendly terms with him for more than twenty years.
I have been on testosterone for 2 years.
I have been patient for quite a while.
I have been persecuted.
I have been playing the piano since I was fifteen.
I have been poor all my life.
I have been promoted to senior trainer.
I have been raped.
I have been reading a book all morning.
I have been reading books all afternoon.
I have been reading short stories for as long as I can remember.
I have been reading short stories since I can remember.
I have been reading that book all afternoon.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
I have been reading this book.
I have been reading this for a few hours.
I have been rebuilt several times.
I have been reflecting on what you said to me.
I have been robbed of my cellphone twice.
I have been satisfied with my work so far.
I have been seeing the word "wake-up coffee" a lot on the internet recently, but I still haven't used it in real life. It is a hard word to use.
I have been selected to participate in this program.
I have been selling books for twenty years.
I have been shaking.
I have been shot.
I have been showing a way.
I have been sick since I was a child.
I have been sick.
I have been silent for a long time.
I have been slapped.
I have been smoking since I was nineteen.
I have been speaking Berber since I was a small child.
I have been speaking Esperanto for a while.
I have been speaking Spanish.
I have been stopped by the police.
I have been struck by lightning three times.
I have been struck by lightning twice.
I have been struck by the fact that Chinese children are very quiet.
I have been studying Berber for four months.
I have been studying Berber since I was a kid.
I have been studying Chinese for two years.
I have been studying English for five years.
I have been studying English for four years.
I have been studying English for six years now.
I have been studying English for three years.
I have been studying French four years now.
I have been studying German for two years.
I have been studying German since I met that girl in Darmstadt.
I have been studying Japanese aesthetics consciously since my teenage years on Lulu Island, or maybe even before, as a prepubescent somewhat unwittingly in the Philippines. In Quezon City, we kids watched Japanese samurai shows and cartoons. We made Zero fighters and Messerschmidts as cardboard airplanes to hang from the ceiling of our library, where we had collection jars of crab-like spiders with thick exoskeletons. On Lulu Island, I studied autodidactically the basics of Hiragana, Katakana, and Kanji, the components of the Japanese language, during vacation as a teenager, whilst I did also watercolour painting and sculptures from DAS air-dry clay. I then took Japanese language in university. In my twenties, I actually lived in Japan for some time. Later, for years on my Social Media, I have been observing exquisite Japanese images. And I become a fan of anime. To me, Japanese aesthetics allude to Finnish, Eskimo, and Polynesian artwork. Japanese art can contrast the ancient with the ultramodern.
I have been studying Korean for 1 year.
I have been studying for two hours.
I have been studying it for five years.
I have been studying languages for many years, but I have never finished a course in any of them.
I have been studying you just as a biologist studies an animal species.
I have been suffering from jaundice for some time.
I have been taking ballet lessons since I was three and hope to be a ballerina.
I have been taking care of him ever since.
I have been taking this medication for many years.
I have been taking this medication for years.
I have been teaching Berber for fourteen years.
I have been teaching Berber for more than ten years.
I have been teaching English these five years.
I have been teaching for over 15 years.
I have been the busiest of the three boys.
I have been there scores of times.
I have been there.
I have been thinking a lot about you.
I have been thinking about doing this for a very long time.
I have been thinking about starting a new business.
I have been thinking about you.
I have been through some difficult times.
I have been to America twice.
I have been to Australia once when I was in college.
I have been to Beijing twice.
I have been to Boston several times.
I have been to Canada.
I have been to Europe twice.
I have been to Hokkaido once.
I have been to Hokkaido one time.
I have been to India.
I have been to Japan.
I have been to Kabylie, Algeria.
I have been to Kabylie.
I have been to Kyoto once.
I have been to Kyoto one time.
I have been to Kyoto station to see my father off.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
I have been to Kyoto.
I have been to London before.
I have been to London twice.
I have been to London.
I have been to Paris three times, and at home in BC for many years, I watch the global French-language TV5, and I often read French sci-fi novels. It were as if I had lived in Europe for a long time.
I have been to Paris, but that was a long time ago.
I have been to Paris.
I have been to Rome.
I have been to Tianjin twice already.
I have been to Tokyo only once.
I have been to at least eight countries since I was born.
I have been to at least nine countries in the last year.
I have been to every part of Kabylie.
I have been to greater Russia just four times.
I have been to more than ten foreign countries so far.
I have been to see my friend off.
I have been to see the baseball game.
I have been to see the cherry blossoms.
I have been to seven different states in the U.S. just this year.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I have been to the United States.
I have been to the University of Victoria in BC.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
I have been to the airport to see my father off.
I have been to the airport to see my friend off.
I have been to the barber's.
I have been to the barber’s.
I have been to the library.
I have been to the park to see flowers.
I have been to the place that she spoke about in her talk.
I have been to the place which she spoke of in her talk.
I have been to the post office.
I have been to the prison.
I have been to the station to see a friend off.
I have been to the station to see her off.
I have been to the station to see him off.
I have been to the station to see my friend off.
I have been to the station to see my uncle off.
I have been to the station.
I have been to the store before.
I have been to the supermarket.
I have been to the village.
I have been told that I am pragmatic, and I am.
I have been trying all morning to get in touch with Mr Jones, but his line is always busy.
I have been trying for a long time and today I finally succeeded: I divided by zero.
I have been trying to understand for long time.
I have been typing in the office all week.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I’m only halfway through.
I have been under a lot of pressure lately.
I have been unemployed for six months.
I have been very busy lately.
I have been very busy the past week.
I have been very busy this week.
I have been very busy with the exams!
I have been waiting a long time for Yidir to come to me.
I have been waiting for Ali Bilek for a long time to follow me on Tatoeba.org and translate my Kabyle sentences into English.
I have been waiting for a friend of mine for an hour.
I have been waiting for a long time.
I have been waiting for almost half an hour.
I have been waiting for an hour and a half.
I have been waiting for her, she is still not here.
I have been waiting for hours.
I have been waiting for the bus for an hour.
I have been waiting for the results with anxiety.
I have been waiting for them for an hour.
I have been waiting for them.
I have been waiting for you for a while. Where have you been?
I have been waiting for you for five hours!
I have been waiting for you.
I have been waiting for you. Where are you?
I have been waiting for your reply, but have not heard from you.
I have been waiting here for a long time.
I have been waiting here for two hours.
I have been waiting here since two and a half hours ago.
I have been walking for over four hours.
I have been wanting to acquire the Japanese version of Ursula Le Guin's sci-fi novel, Always Coming Home. It is a fascinating story of life thousands of years from now, in what is now Northern California. People live similarly as the Amerindians did.
I have been wanting to ask you a question.
I have been wanting to go to Boston for over a year now.
I have been wanting to kiss you since the moment I saw you.
I have been warned against going there.
I have been watching these seven 750cc motorcycles which are noisy like horses, and are placed beautifully at an angle of seventy seven degrees.
I have been watching you.
I have been watching your shows since I was a little kid.
I have been wearing this overcoat for more than five years.
I have been where you are a bunch of times.
I have been wishing to travel to French Polynesia, including Tahiti and Bora Bora. There was a phase in my life wherein I studied Malayo-Polynesian languages such as Samoan, Tahitian, Hawaiian, Indonesian, Ilocano, and so forth. I have a book collection of them. I do have Austronesian ancestry. Some researchers call it "Sundadont," whilst I have also "Sinodont" and "Eurodont" ancestries.
I have been working for this newspaper for 4 years.
I have been working here for days.
I have been working here for ten years.
I have been working in Algeria for a long time.
I have been working in the library since January.
I have been working since I was 20.
I have been working since six this morning.
I have been writing for eight years a book that is already over 14,000 pages long.
I have been writing letters all day long.
I have been writing letters all morning.
I have been writing since two o'clock without a break.
I have been writing since two o’clock without a break.
I have been writing this manuscript for a year.
I have been your doll-wife, just as at home I was father's doll-child.
I have been your doll-wife, just as at home I was father’s doll-child
I have begun a new diet.
I have better things to do than listen to this blather.
I have better things to do than listen to this nonsense.
I have better things to do than sit around all day waiting for Tom.
I have better things to do than sit here just waiting for Tom to get here.
I have better things to do than stand here and take your insults.
I have better things to do with my time.
I have better things to do.
I have big ambitions.
I have big dreams.
I have big ears.
I have big eyes.
I have big feet.
I have big hands.
I have big houses.
I have big lips.
I have big plans for today.
I have big problems.
I have big shoes to fill.
I have bigger fish to fry.
I have billions of dollars.
I have bills to pay.
I have binoculars.
I have bipolar disorder.
I have black eyes.
I have black hair.
I have blank page syndrome.
I have bleach.
I have bleary eyes.
I have bleeding gums.
I have blind faith in him.
I have blisters on my feet.
I have blisters on my hands.
I have blond hair and blue eyes.
I have blond hair that reaches my shoulders.
I have blonde hair.
I have bloody stools.
I have blue blood in my veins.
I have blue eyes.
I have blue jeans on.
I have blurred vision.
I have booked a table for four.
I have bookmarked that page.
I have books that I've reread several times.
I have borrowed this book from the main library.
I have borrowed two books.
I have both confidence and trust in his doctor's knowledge and skills as a surgeon.
I have bottled water.
I have bought a car.
I have bought a jumper.
I have bought a lot of books.
I have bought a new fire extinguisher.
I have bought a new keyboard today.
I have bought an adorable doll for my granddaughter.
I have bought clothes.
I have bought him a birthday present.
I have bought nothing in particular.
I have bought some clothes.
I have bought some very beautiful flowers.
I have bought the same camera as you have.
I have bought those sun glasses in the Netherlands.
I have bought you some apricot juice.
I have braces.
I have bread and jam for breakfast.
I have bread.
I have breakfast at 7:30.
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
I have breakfast at seven.
I have breakfast every morning.
I have broad shoulders.
I have broken my arm.
I have broken my favourite bracelet.
I have broken my leg.
I have broken off our engagement.
I have broken something.
I have broken the law.
I have bronchitis and a slight fever.
I have brothers.
I have brought here only my clothes and my horse.
I have brought his umbrella by mistake.
I have brought my shoes, coat and umbrella.
I have brought some olive oil from the country.
I have brought something new.
I have brought you some apricot juice.
I have brought you what you asked for.
I have brought you your dessert.
I have brown eyes and black hair.
I have brown eyes and brown hair.
I have brown eyes.
I have brown hair and blue eyes.
I have brown hair.
I have bruises all over my body.
I have buck teeth.
I have built a house with a view of the mountain.
I have burns all over my body.
I have bushy eyebrows.
I have business elsewhere.
I have business in town.
I have business with Tom.
I have business with him.
I have but one thing to say to that.
I have but one wish.
I have but seven aeroplanes.
I have butter.
I have butterflies in my stomach.
I have cabin fever.
I have called you already.
I have calluses on my feet.
I have cancer.
I have candy for the kids.
I have captured you, and now you have to work hard for me.
I have cash.
I have casts on both my arms.
I have cats.
I have caught a bad cold.
I have caught a cold.
I have caught an eel.
I have cavities.
I have celebrated my birthday.
I have cellulitis.
I have certain objections to this.
I have certain rights.
I have certain standards.
I have certainty that Islam is true.
I have changed a few cables.
I have changed a lot since secondary school.
I have changed my mind.
I have changed my view about him.
I have changed that and I thank you for your advice.
I have changed the sentence by a very little bit.
I have changed the settings of your computer, so that the new configuration will enable it to run smoother.
I have changed the settings of your computer, so that the new configuration will make it run smoother.
I have changed.
I have chapped lips.
I have characteristics of several personality types, not just one.
I have cheated on my wife.
I have chest pain.
I have children that need me.
I have children.
I have choir practice tonight.
I have chosen Islam.
I have chosen it because it is both interesting and instructive.
I have chosen it myself.
I have chosen to convert to Islam.
I have chosen you as my wife.
I have chosen you!
I have chosen.
I have chronic bronchitis.
I have chronic depression.
I have chronic dermatitis.
I have chubby fingers, so I can't use a small keyboard.
I have chubby fingers, so I can’t use a small keyboard.
I have chunks of rose quartz in my bedroom.
I have class from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m..
I have class in an hour.
I have class tomorrow.
I have class tonight.
I have classes today.
I have classes tomorrow.
I have clearly demonstrated that you've lost the argument.
I have clients to call.
I have clients to see.
I have clients waiting.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji before.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji.
I have coffee, tea, water and freshly made juice.
I have coffee, tea, water, and fresh fruit juice.
I have coffee.
I have coins from many countries.
I have cold feet.
I have cold hands.
I have colic pain in my side.
I have collected quite a lot of wood already.
I have come around to it.
I have come back.
I have come down with a cold.
I have come here just to help.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles â€“ principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles – principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that the United States and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles – principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I have come in response to your ad in the paper.
I have come over so Taninna and I can study Berber.
I have come so that you can inform me.
I have come to Algeria to speak to people who knew Matoub Lounes.
I have come to Algeria to use Berber with native speakers.
I have come to Japan not to teach but to write.
I have come to apologize.
I have come to ask you for your opinion.
I have come to bear witness.
I have come to help.
I have come to kill you.
I have come to my senses.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
I have come to salute the United Nations and to show the support of the American people for your daily deliberations.
I have come to see the fruits of your labor.
I have come to see you on business.
I have come to see you.
I have come to the conclusion that he is guilty.
I have come to the village.
I have come to warn you of a fiendish plot.
I have come to you in great contrition to atone for my sin.
I have come to you in great remorse to atone for my sin.
I have come.
I have company.
I have complete confidence in Tom and his abilities.
I have complete confidence in Tom.
I have complete confidence in you.
I have complete faith in Tom.
I have complete faith in her.
I have complete faith in him.
I have complete faith in his abilities.
I have complete faith in my doctor.
I have complete faith in them.
I have complete faith in you.
I have complete faith in your discernment and believe you'll make the right choices.
I have complete trust in Max's expertise on this topic. If he says something is true, then it is.
I have completed all of my requirements to graduate in the fall semester.
I have completed the moving.
I have completely forgotten how to speak Spanish.
I have completely got over the disease.
I have compressed some folders.
I have concepts of a plan.
I have confidence in Ken.
I have confidence in Tom's abilities.
I have confidence in Tom.
I have confidence in all those guys.
I have confidence in her insight.
I have confidence in him.
I have confidence in his abilities.
I have confidence in my abilities.
I have confidence in my future.
I have confidence in my past decisions.
I have confidence in my teammates.
I have confidence in myself.
I have confidence in them.
I have confidence in you guys.
I have confidence in you.
I have confidence in your ability to win.
I have confidence that he is honest.
I have confidence.
I have conflicting feelings about my childhood.
I have congee every morning.
I have connected a keyboard to my computer.
I have connections in the government.
I have considered it.
I have considered that very carefully.
I have constipation.
I have contact lenses on.
I have contacts in the White House.
I have conversation with Tom in French every day.
I have cooked rice with meat and vegetables.
I have cookies for breakfast every day.
I have corrected several sentences.
I have corrected the translation.
I have coulrophobia.
I have courage and a strong will.
I have couscous with eggs daily.
I have cousins in Boston.
I have crabs.
I have cramp in my calf.
I have cramps.
I have created a few websites.
I have created a perfect plan for capturing that crafty animal.
I have created thousands of phrases already.
I have crooked teeth.
I have cross-examined these men, one of them a hard-headed countryman, one a farrier, and one a moorland farmer, who all tell the same story of this dreadful apparition, exactly corresponding to the hell-hound of the legend.
I have cum in my socks.
I have curly hair.
I have cut it into two pieces.
I have cut my finger.
I have cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I have dandruff.
I have dark eyes.
I have dark hair.
I have decided I won't stay.
I have decided not to press the charges.
I have decided not to support the plan.
I have decided on pink for the image color.
I have decided that I won't let people get close to me anymore; this means that I will never expect someone to love me, nor will I open my heart to anyone.
I have decided to be happy today.
I have decided to carry on the work.
I have decided to go a little further.
I have decided to keep a diary this year.
I have decided to learn shorthand.
I have decided to make Boston a home away from home.
I have decided to release all my English sentences, including this one.
I have decided to retire.
I have decided to retract my previous statement.
I have decided to return to Algeria rather than settling in Spain.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
I have decided to stop writing in English.
I have decided to tell him that I like him.
I have decided to weigh myself every day starting today.
I have decided to write ten sentences in Spanish each day. I'm sure that Rocío will be very happy to correct them.
I have decided to write ten sentences in Spanish each day. I’m sure that RocÃ­o will be very happy to correct them.
I have decided.
I have deep respect for them.
I have demanded two days leave.
I have depression.
I have dermatitis.
I have detached it.
I have developed a persecution complex. It seems to me that I am being followed.
I have developed a thick skin to guard myself against life's injustices and threats.
I have developed thick skin to fight against severe criticism from others over the course of my life's experiences with people.
I have diabetes.
I have diarrhea.
I have diarrhoea.
I have different priorities than you do.
I have difficulty balancing a checkbook.
I have difficulty believing that.
I have difficulty breathing.
I have difficulty chewing.
I have difficulty concentrating.
I have difficulty expressing my thoughts clearly and completely.
I have difficulty in French.
I have difficulty in Japanese.
I have difficulty in making ends meet on my salary.
I have difficulty in making friends.
I have difficulty in understanding him.
I have difficulty learning languages.
I have difficulty losing weight.
I have difficulty paying my rent.
I have difficulty pronouncing consonant clusters.
I have difficulty speaking English.
I have difficulty swallowing.
I have difficulty understanding Tom.
I have difficulty understanding abstract modern art, especially Mondrian.
I have difficulty urinating.
I have digestive problems.
I have dinner between seven and eight o'clock.
I have dinner between seven and eight.
I have dinner now.
I have dinner plans with Tom.
I have dinner plans with her.
I have dinner plans with him.
I have dinner plans with them.
I have dinner with Taninna almost every day.
I have disappeared.
I have discovered a new star.
I have discovered a restaurant near here which serves a good meal.
I have discovered where to buy cheap fruit.
I have discussed today with a guy.
I have disdain for myself and for others.
I have dishonored my family.
I have dissociative amnesia.
I have dizziness due to the altitude.
I have done a good deed.
I have done a good job.
I have done all my homework and now I am completely free until Monday.
I have done all of my homework and I'd like to take a short break.
I have done all of my homework and I’d like to take a short break.
I have done all that I can.
I have done all this work for nothing.
I have done everything I could do.
I have done everything I could to keep him alive.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
I have done it already.
I have done it before.
I have done it.
I have done much writing this week.
I have done my homework in an hour.
I have done my homework.
I have done no harm.
I have done that already.
I have done that before you.
I have done that many times.
I have done that.
I have done the best I could to help you. The rest is up to you.
I have done the math.
I have done the same.
I have done the work.
I have done this many times.
I have done what I could not leave.
I have done what I could.
I have done with her job.
I have done with him.
I have doubts about Tom.
I have doubts about his career.
I have doubts about his popularity.
I have doubts about his success.
I have doubts about that.
I have doubts about the authenticity of this document.
I have doubts about the success of their plan.
I have doubts.
I have downloaded a videogame.
I have downloaded the game application.
I have dozens of apps on my phone that I seldom use.
I have dreadful news.
I have dropped the matter for now.
I have drunk all my milk.
I have drunk the wine.
I have drunk water, I am still thirsty.
I have drunken deep of joy, and I will taste no other wine tonight.
I have dry hands.
I have dry skin.
I have dual citizenship.
I have dwelt ever in realms apart from the visible world; spending my youth and adolescence in ancient and little-known books, and in roaming the fields and groves of the region near my ancestral home.
I have earplugs.
I have ears and eyes where nobody has them.
I have ears, you know.
I have eaten a boiled egg.
I have eaten a cat.
I have eaten a lot this morning.
I have eaten a lot this week.
I have eaten a pizza.
I have eaten a whole cow.
I have eaten an egg.
I have eaten at Chuck's Diner on several occasions.
I have eaten at Chuck’s Diner on several occasions.
I have eaten bread.
I have eaten cooked eggs.
I have eaten couscous with chicken.
I have eaten enough.
I have eaten nothing for the past three days.
I have eaten poorly for a week.
I have eaten the apple.
I have eaten whale meat, but only once.
I have eaten.
I have eczema.
I have egg on my face.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
I have eight brothers.
I have eight grammes of pie.
I have eight siblings.
I have elected you to be my spouse.
I have emerged stronger.
I have enclosed your order form.
I have endless activities to fill my time.
I have endured many hardships during my life.
I have endured so many misfortunes.
I have enjoyed myself to the full.
I have enjoyed myself very much.
I have enjoyed reading this novel a lot.
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
I have enjoyed seeing you and talking about old times.
I have enjoyed talking to you.
I have enough clothes.
I have enough courage to avenge myself of the offenses, which they do to me.
I have enough experience points to level up.
I have enough friends.
I have enough money to buy a PS5.
I have enough money to buy a car.
I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I have enough money to buy it.
I have enough money to buy this book.
I have enough money to buy this.
I have enough money to rebuild the house.
I have enough money.
I have enough problems of my own without having to worry about yours.
I have enough sandwiches for everybody.
I have enough time for that.
I have enough time for this.
I have enough time to do that before I go home.
I have enough time.
I have enough to worry about already.
I have enough to worry about with Tom. I don't have time to worry about you, too.
I have enough!
I have enough.
I have enough; I don't want more.
I have entered on an enterprise which is without precedent, and will have no imitator.
I have enthusiasm for modern paintings.
I have epilepsy.
I have erected a monument more lasting than bronze.
I have errands to run.
I have escaped from death.
I have escaped.
I have essentially personally encountered three kinds of Buddhism (Zen Buddhism, Theravāda Buddhism, and Pure Land Buddhism), and five kinds of Christianity (Roman Catholicism, Baptist, Pentecostal, Jehovah's Witness, and Mormonism).
I have even studied the grammar of Esperanto to understand what it’s about, and I came to two conclusions. It is a very, very well-made language. From the linguistic viewpoint, it really follows admirable criteria of economy of language and efficiency. Secondly, all other movements for international languages have failed, but not that of Esperanto, which further unites humanity everywhere in the world, because behind Esperanto is an idea, an ideal.
I have every confidence in him.
I have every confidence in his ability.
I have every confidence in you, Tom.
I have every intention of doing that.
I have every reason to believe that he is innocent of the crime.
I have every right to aspire to a better life.
I have every right to be here.
I have everything I need here.
I have everything I need now.
I have everything I need to be happy.
I have everything I need.
I have everything I want.
I have everything I wanted.
I have everything I've ever wanted.
I have everything here that I need.
I have everything memorized.
I have everything that I need.
I have everything that a man could want.
I have everything under control.
I have everything you need.
I have everything.
I have evidence that Tom stole the gum drops.
I have evidence.
I have exactly 5,000 apples.
I have exactly the same dictionary.
I have exactly what you need.
I have examples that prove it.
I have exams from dawn till dusk.
I have exams this year.
I have excellent passive knowledge of many foreign languages, but almost no active knowledge.
I have exclusive access to this website.
I have exhausted my energy.
I have expected his death for six months.
I have experience as an office staff.
I have experience doing that.
I have experience.
I have experienced the things I taught you.
I have experienced this in Algeria all my life.
I have explained that to him.
I have extremely light skin and never tan.
I have extremely light skin and not at all brown.
I have extremely white skin, and do not tan at all.
I have eyes.
I have eyestrain.
I have fabulous news.
I have failed miserably.
I have failed no exams.
I have failed.
I have fainted.
I have faith Tom will do that.
I have faith in Algeria.
I have faith in God.
I have faith in each and every one of you.
I have faith in her.
I have faith in him.
I have faith in my government.
I have faith in myself.
I have faith in the BDS Movement.
I have faith in the future.
I have faith in them.
I have faith in us.
I have faith in you, Tom.
I have faith in you.
I have faith in your ability to do the right thing.
I have faith that Tom will do that.
I have faith that he is innocent.
I have faith they'll find Tom.
I have faith.
I have fallen in love with you.
I have fallen into the abyss.
I have fallen.
I have false nearsightedness.
I have family in Australia.
I have family in Boston.
I have family in Europe.
I have family in Germany. I need to learn German.
I have family in Los Angeles.
I have family in Munich.
I have family in the area.
I have family obligations.
I have fantasized about going to the Haida Gwaii archipelago. I know that it's expensive.
I have far bigger plans and life achievements for my own life.
I have far too many programs installed on my computer. Maybe if I uninstall some of them, my computer will run much faster.
I have feeling in my legs.
I have feelings for Layla.
I have feelings for Tom.
I have feelings for you, Fadil. I love you.
I have feelings for you, Tom.
I have feelings for you.
I have feelings of guilt at the things I did.
I have feelings, too, you know.
I have fever at night.
I have few English books.
I have few acquaintances.
I have few books.
I have few friends here.
I have few friends to hang out with at night.
I have few friends.
I have few opportunities to speak French.
I have fewer books than you.
I have fewer friends than you do.
I have fewer friends than you.
I have fewer of these than you do.
I have fewer of these than you.
I have fewer students in my class this year than last year.
I have fewer students than Pedro does.
I have fewer than you do.
I have fewer than you have.
I have fewer than you.
I have fibroid tumours. Is there a way to stop them getting large?
I have fifteen hundred cows.
I have fifty euros in my pocket.
I have finally finished my homework; now I can go to bed.
I have finally found you.
I have finally reached my limit.
I have finally received a letter from my friend in France.
I have finally received my British passport.
I have finally regained my regular form.
I have finally sent the email. Have you not received it?
I have finally won his heart.
I have finals this week, and I'm still wasting time.
I have finished cleaning my room.
I have finished eating.
I have finished my assignment.
I have finished my homework by the time class starts.
I have finished my homework.
I have finished my work.
I have finished showering.
I have finished the course.
I have finished translating the report.
I have finished.
I have first dibs on the front seat!
I have five cats.
I have five children.
I have five copies but I need double that.
I have five copies, but I need twice as many.
I have five fingers on each hand.
I have five friends.
I have five hens and get about three eggs a day from them.
I have five here and as many again.
I have five hundred fifty-five dollars yet.
I have five more days.
I have five siblings: three sisters and two brothers.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
I have five times as many stamps as he does.
I have five times as many stamps as him.
I have flashbacks.
I have flat feet.
I have flawless English speaking skills.
I have flexibility.
I have flood insurance.
I have flown all over the world.
I have flu and I'm tired.
I have followed your advice, my dear colleague.
I have fond memories of Tom.
I have fond memories of all the time we spent together.
I have fond memories of my second grade English teacher. She was like the mother I never had.
I have fond memories of this country.
I have fond memories of whipped cream. Alas, my new diet won't allow it.
I have fond memories of you.
I have food allergies.
I have food.
I have foot fungus.
I have forgiven her already.
I have forgiven him already.
I have forgotten everything.
I have forgotten her last name.
I have forgotten most of it.
I have forgotten my bra at home.
I have forgotten my glasses.
I have forgotten nothing.
I have forgotten the code they gave me.
I have forgotten the names of Tom's sisters.
I have forgotten to bring something to write with.
I have forgotten what my father told me.
I have forgotten your name.
I have forgotten.
I have forgotten. But you can see that for yourself when you take off his hat.
I have forty-eight years on my back.
I have fought in many battles.
I have fought with my whole heart.
I have fought.
I have found 118 geocaches.
I have found a car suitable for my age!
I have found a dead cockroach in the meeting room.
I have found a job.
I have found a song about your city.
I have found happiness.
I have found it!
I have found it.
I have found my father's diary that he was writing for 30 years.
I have found this website to be extremely useful.
I have found what I was looking for.
I have found you.
I have found your dirty little secret.
I have four aces.
I have four brothers.
I have four cats.
I have four children.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
I have four employees.
I have four great-grandchildren.
I have four in my family.
I have four lessons today.
I have four male cousins and five female cousins.
I have four people in my family.
I have four sisters and one brother.
I have four thousand one hundred and twelve pesos.
I have four times more CDs than you do.
I have four years of experience in teaching Berber.
I have freckles.
I have free time tomorrow, so I'm going hang out with my friends.
I have frequent nightmares.
I have frequently kissed my kids; I have kissed her newly-dropped lambs, and the little calf which Dorcon gave her, but that kiss of Chloe's is something new and wonderful!
I have fresher bread than you.
I have friends I can trust.
I have friends all over the world.
I have friends everywhere.
I have friends here.
I have friends in Australia.
I have friends in Boston.
I have friends in England.
I have friends in Gaza.
I have friends in London.
I have friends in many countries.
I have friends in the village.
I have friends there who'll help me.
I have friends there.
I have friends waiting for me in the lobby.
I have friends who are communists.
I have friends who are vegetarians.
I have friends who can help me.
I have friends who'll help me.
I have friends, too.
I have friends.
I have frizzy hair.
I have fulfilled my promise.
I have fulfilled your wish, dear colleague.
I have full confidence in your abilities.
I have full confidence in your courage and devotion to duty and skill in battle.
I have full trust in my life destiny.
I have fully come to terms with it.
I have fun teaching.
I have funny stories, sit down and let me amuse you.
I have future goals.
I have gained two kilograms this summer.
I have gained weight.
I have gambling debts.
I have gas indigestion.
I have gas.
I have gathered examples with the object of making a dictionary.
I have geared up for underwater fishing.
I have generalized anxiety disorder.
I have gifts for everyone.
I have gifts for you.
I have gingerly opened the post box each night waiting for the letter.
I have given every child three candies.
I have given him permission to do what he wants to do.
I have given it back.
I have given leave to do what he likes.
I have given my life for Algeria.
I have given myself to music.
I have given to my son whatever he wants.
I have given up hope.
I have given up on that case.
I have given up smoking for good and all.
I have given up.
I have given you enough time to answer this.
I have given you everything and this is how you repay me?
I have goldfish, too.
I have goldfish.
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculation.
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculations.
I have gone crazy.
I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not.
I have gone out.
I have gone through many hardships.
I have gone to Hokkaido once.
I have gone to Hokkaido one time.
I have gone to bed.
I have gone to the cinema.
I have gone to the market.
I have gone.
I have good credit.
I have good days and bad days.
I have good ears.
I have good eyes.
I have good eyesight.
I have good friends.
I have good hand-eye coordination.
I have good hands.
I have good hearing.
I have good kids.
I have good memories of him.
I have good memories of this country.
I have good news and bad news for you.
I have good news and bad news for you. Which would you like to hear first?
I have good news and bad news, which would you like to hear first?
I have good news and bad news.
I have good news and bad news. Which one do you want first?
I have good news for you, Tom.
I have good news for you.
I have good news in store for you.
I have good news.
I have good posture.
I have good reason to ban him from using the computer.
I have good reason to be worried.
I have good reasons for hating Tom.
I have good reflexes.
I have gooseberries in my garden.
I have got a bad flu.
I have got a beautiful dog and it is my best friend.
I have got a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I have got a computer and I use it every day.
I have got a driving licence, but no driving experience, so I don't trust myself behind the wheel. Let's get the train somewhere.
I have got a good book.
I have got a letter from you.
I have got a lot of books.
I have got a personal computer.
I have got a proposition that could prove to be very beneficial to you.
I have got a question.
I have got acquainted with him since then.
I have got acquainted with them.
I have got beautiful eyes.
I have got higher grades.
I have got into Hyogo University.
I have got it.
I have got much homework.
I have got no desire to live with her.
I have got no desire to live with him.
I have got nothing to prove to you.
I have got one brother and two sisters.
I have got only a week left before school starts.
I have got only one boy.
I have got plans.
I have got several books in English.
I have got so much money.
I have got some books.
I have got some money.
I have got some problems at home.
I have got some tips for you to get fluent in Berber.
I have got this.
I have got three children.
I have got three hens.
I have got to go now.
I have got to go straight to school.
I have got to leave here early tomorrow morning.
I have got two hives in the village.
I have got two telephones: one is a mobile phone, another is a landline.
I have got white hair now.
I have got your name from my friend.
I have gotten a respite.
I have gotten him into trouble.
I have gotten so angry.
I have gout.
I have grandchildren in Australia.
I have grandchildren who live in Australia.
I have grandchildren.
I have grapes.
I have grave concerns.
I have gray eyes and dark blond hair.
I have gray eyes and light brown hair.
I have gray hair.
I have greasy skin.
I have great admiration for you.
I have great belief in the doctor.
I have great confidence in Tom.
I have great confidence in the doctor.
I have great confidence.
I have great difficulty in handling the child.
I have great faith in you.
I have great friends here on Tatoeba.
I have great friends.
I have great memories from my teenage years.
I have great memories of this country.
I have great memories.
I have great news for you.
I have great news.
I have great respect for Tom.
I have great respect for him.
I have great respect for the Kurds.
I have great respect for those who're learning a foreign language.
I have green eyes.
I have green-hazel eyes.
I have greeted the guests.
I have grown dependent on my daily dose of caffeine.
I have grown out of the habit of reading comics.
I have grown.
I have guests waiting.
I have guests who are coming from the village.
I have guests.
I have gym class on Mondays.
I have had a bad report this year.
I have had a bellyful of Tom's nasty comments.
I have had a busy rota this week.
I have had a corn removed from my foot.
I have had a cough for two days, and it still isn't any better.
I have had a series of misfortunes since then.
I have had a slight fever since this morning.
I have had a slight headache since last night.
I have had a small amount of time to think about this.
I have had a stroke before.
I have had a tough year.
I have had a very good teacher, probably the best.
I have had an inspiration.
I have had enough of being alone.
I have had enough of doing things alone.
I have had enough of sweets.
I have had enough of the craziness of our lives.
I have had enough.
I have had fun.
I have had it with Tom.
I have had it with you, Yanni. I'm filing for a divorce.
I have had it.
I have had jaundice for a while.
I have had just about all I can take of myself.
I have had more of his insolence than I can well digest.
I have had more than enough.
I have had my driver's license since I was 18 years old.
I have had my hair cut shoulder length.
I have had no chance to see the movie.
I have had no news from him yet.
I have had quite enough of his jokes.
I have had relationships in Berber.
I have had several occasions for speaking English.
I have had such a busy morning.
I have had the flu a few times in my life, but this time was definitely the worst.
I have had this computer for twelve years.
I have had this dog since she was a puppy.
I have had this pain before.
I have had to be in the hospital for a long time.
I have had to stay in bed for two days.
I have haemorrhoids, so sitting down hurts.
I have half a mind to marry her.
I have half a mind to see that myself.
I have half a mind to undertake the work.
I have half an hour lunch break.
I have hammers of different sizes.
I have hard stools.
I have hardly any English books.
I have hardly any French books.
I have hardly any books.
I have hardly any money left.
I have hardly any money with me.
I have hardly any money.
I have hardly had a minute lately to think about personal e-mails.
I have hardly studied this term, so I'm going to study hard next term.
I have hardly studied this term, so I’m going to study hard next term.
I have hated you, I hate you, and I will hate you.
I have hay fever.
I have hazel eyes.
I have heaps of money.
I have heaps of work to do.
I have heard a lot about you from Mennad.
I have heard a lot about you.
I have heard a lot of interesting things about you.
I have heard about racism.
I have heard about them a long time ago.
I have heard about this kind of thing, but I have never seen it.
I have heard everything and I have seen everything.
I have heard everything.
I have heard fifty versions, some credible, some plain fable.
I have heard her story before.
I have heard his song before.
I have heard his voice before, but where?
I have heard nothing else from him yet.
I have heard nothing from him for five years.
I have heard nothing from him of late.
I have heard nothing from him since then.
I have heard nothing from him yet.
I have heard nothing from him.
I have heard nothing of him lately.
I have heard of it before.
I have heard of this song some time ago.
I have heard quite a lot about you.
I have heard say that she will get married before long.
I have heard so much about Sami.
I have heard some really extraordinary stories about your financial ability.
I have heard that age discrimination is a serious issue - the elderly are mistreated in our country.
I have heard that freemasons have a secret handshake.
I have heard that from Sami.
I have heard that long ago, in a place near our village called Nakayama, there was small castle where the prince Nakayama lived.
I have heard that nothing gives an author so great pleasure, as to find his works respectfully quoted by others.
I have heard that song sung in French.
I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each. I do not think that they will sing to me.
I have heard the story.
I have heard this Berber word before.
I have heard this proverb used.
I have heard this story probably ten times, and each time it acquires more and more new details.
I have heard this story scores of times.
I have heard this story.
I have heard what you said.
I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart.
I have heart disease.
I have heart failure.
I have heart palpitations.
I have heart problems.
I have heartburn.
I have helped the poor.
I have hemorrhoids.
I have her address.
I have her here with me.
I have her in my pocket.
I have her on the line.
I have her to thank for that.
I have here a ten thousand dinar check for each and everyone of you.
I have here my brother's daughter with her kids.
I have hiccups.
I have hidden nothing from you.
I have high arches.
I have high blood pressure, so I need to stay away from salt.
I have high blood pressure.
I have high cholesterol and I need to avoid saturated fats.
I have high cholesterol.
I have high expectations for our meeting.
I have high hopes for Tom.
I have high hopes for her.
I have high hopes for him.
I have high hopes for the future.
I have high hopes for you.
I have high hopes.
I have him eating out of my hand.
I have him here with me.
I have him on the line.
I have his address.
I have his number.
I have his phone.
I have his telephone number.
I have hives.
I have homework that I have to do tonight.
I have homework that has to been done tonight.
I have homework to do.
I have homework to finish.
I have homework.
I have honey thighs.
I have honor.
I have hope.
I have hopes of doing well in that business.
I have horrible heartburn.
I have horrible morning sickness. I can't eat anything.
I have hot flashes.
I have hot flushes.
I have huge respect for Algeria.
I have huge respect for Algerians.
I have hundreds of electronic and printed documents about native cultures. I have been reviewing. I have encountered writings about Native Indian medicinal plants, specifically of the Bella Coola. They used plants to cure diseases like paralysis, gonorrhea, diarrhea, etc. I realize now that life was difficult in the wilds of the Americas, specifically here in BC.
I have hundreds of friends on Orkut.
I have hundreds of friends.
I have hundreds of such examples in my computer.
I have hunger pangs.
I have ice cream in the freezer.
I have immunity.
I have important business to attend to.
I have important business to take care of in my office.
I have important things to do.
I have important work to do.
I have improved.
I have in fact already talked to Tom about it.
I have in my hands the secret to a long life.
I have in-growing eyelashes.
I have included the names and prices of a couple of hotels which are reasonably close to where I live.
I have information for Tom.
I have information for her.
I have information for him.
I have information for them.
I have information that Tom and Mary need.
I have information that Tom needs.
I have information.
I have informed Tom.
I have inherited a significant fortune.
I have inherited it.
I have injured my foot.
I have insomnia, so I didn't sleep well.
I have insomnia.
I have installed Microsoft Office on my personal computer, so please use its file format when you send me the attachment.
I have insufficient expertise.
I have insulted him.
I have insurance.
I have intentions.
I have introduced my family to you.
I have invited my friends for dinner.
I have invited my friends over for dinner.
I have irrational desires.
I have irrational wants.
I have issues with Tom.
I have issues with your behavior.
I have issues.
I have it all planned out.
I have it at home.
I have it completely under control.
I have it here somewhere.
I have it in mind to have a gray suit made to order for the winter.
I have it in my blood.
I have it on good authority that the president will not seek reelection.
I have it on my left.
I have it with me.
I have it!
I have it.
I have it. It is a sticker.
I have jeans on today.
I have jury duty.
I have just a few bullets left.
I have just a few more questions.
I have just a few questions.
I have just arrived at the school.
I have just arrived here.
I have just arrived. I haven't even unpacked my bags.
I have just as much of a right to be here as you do.
I have just as much right to be here as you do.
I have just attended my sister's wedding in Kabylie, Algeria.
I have just been given a huge cake as a present.
I have just been to Sapporo Station to see my mother off.
I have just been to Ueno station to meet Kenji.
I have just been to the Midori Bank.
I have just been to the airport to see him off.
I have just been to the airport to see my friend off.
I have just been to the post office to send a parcel.
I have just been to the post office.
I have just been to the station to see my uncle off.
I have just begun learning Berber.
I have just changed my avatar photo.
I have just cleaned my room.
I have just come back from a long trip.
I have just come back from school.
I have just come here.
I have just eaten lunch.
I have just finished cleaning the floor.
I have just finished eating lunch.
I have just finished eating.
I have just finished my homework.
I have just finished my work.
I have just finished one third of my assignment.
I have just finished packing.
I have just finished reading Mouloud Mammeri's Berber language grammar.
I have just finished reading the book.
I have just finished secondary school.
I have just finished the book.
I have just finished the novel you gave me. It was very interesting. Thank you.
I have just finished translating a movie.
I have just had a good idea.
I have just had dinner.
I have just had one of the worst days of my life.
I have just half an hour to have lunch, take a dump and rest before I go back to work.
I have just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
I have just heard from Tom.
I have just left.
I have just made a discovery of the highest importance, and one which would have been overlooked had I not made a careful examination of the walls.
I have just made this picture.
I have just missed her!
I have just missed my bus and there is no next one.
I have just modified the questionable sentence.
I have just moved into this house.
I have just moved to Zurich and enjoy doing many things.
I have just now finished doing my English homework.
I have just one bottle left.
I have just one boy.
I have just one more question.
I have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost.
I have just one question.
I have just one small question.
I have just one thing to ask of you.
I have just played once as an extra in a film.
I have just read a book about Islam.
I have just read this book.
I have just received a letter from a friend saying that she is coming to see me next week.
I have just received a message from the cleaning lady.
I have just received a package.
I have just received your letter of the ninth.
I have just remembered his name, which I couldn't for a long time.
I have just remembered his name, which I couldn’t for a long time.
I have just returned from Boston.
I have just returned from Britain.
I have just returned from a pleasant vacation at the seaside.
I have just returned from the post office.
I have just returned.
I have just said what I thought.
I have just said what is bothering me.
I have just seen a game of checkers, played by Françualdo Gonçalves de Souza in 1997, more beautiful than the chess game called Immortal, played by Adolf Anderssen in 1895.
I have just seen the reproduction of a game of Go, played on a 13 x 13 board. There were 129 plies (65 P, 64 B), with 13 captures by Black and 12 by White. Black won 20 to 16.
I have just spoken.
I have just started to study Korean.
I have just three dollars left.
I have just three more questions.
I have just turned twenty.
I have just visited Kabylie.
I have just washed all the dishes.
I have just washed the car.
I have just what you need.
I have just written a letter to him.
I have just written an SMS to Tom.
I have kept a diary for three years.
I have kept a diary in English these ten years.
I have kept available the afternoon of the 20th and the 21st, and would like to know if Mr Grant will be available for a meeting on either of those two days.
I have kept company with her for about 10 years.
I have kept no calculation for that.
I have kept the best for the last.
I have kidney trouble.
I have kids to take care of.
I have kids.
I have killed her.
I have killed him.
I have killed them.
I have known George for a month.
I have known John since 1976.
I have known Miss Smith for nine years.
I have known Sami forever.
I have known Taro for ten years.
I have known Taro since ten years ago.
I have known Tom all my life.
I have known Tom since I was a little boy.
I have known a rogue make a better defence than an innocent man could have done in the same circumstances of suspicion. Having no consciousness of innocence to support him, such a fellow applies himself to all the advantages which the law will afford him, and sometimes—if his counsel be men of talent—succeeds in compelling his judges to receive him as innocent.
I have known her for five years.
I have known her for ten years.
I have known her for two years.
I have known her for years.
I have known her since she was a baby.
I have known her since she was a child.
I have known her since she was a little girl.
I have known him a long time.
I have known him ever since he was a child.
I have known him for decades.
I have known him for more than ten years.
I have known him for ten years.
I have known him for two years.
I have known him for while, he talks too much.
I have known him for years.
I have known him since I was a little boy.
I have known him since September.
I have known him since he was a baby.
I have known intimately a great many persons who were absorbed in the arts.
I have known since the 1990's that the Web is often a mental toilet for many people with problems.
I have known since the 1990s that many maladjusted people use the Internet as a mental toilet.
I have known since the beginning of the Web in the 1990s that it is a crying place for many troubled people. There are different forums and Social Media, and there exist happier ones.
I have known that for a long time.
I have known the deceased for a long time.
I have known them for many years.
I have known you a long time.
I have known you for a long time.
I have labor pains every thirty minutes.
I have land.
I have large feet.
I have large houses.
I have learned Berber.
I have learned a lot from my mistakes.
I have learned a lot from this conversation.
I have learned a lot listening to other points of view. I have learned a lot from life, but not from school.
I have learned as much from her than the has learned from me.
I have learned many lessons.
I have learned some important things about Islam.
I have learned the basics of the art of flower arrangement.
I have learned to draw by following his lessons.
I have learned to live without you.
I have learned to work with Tom.
I have learnt it already, Master.
I have learnt it already.
I have learnt it now.
I have left for the village.
I have left my car keys behind.
I have left my umbrella in a bus.
I have left my umbrella in the phone booth.
I have left out one line in reading.
I have left you your dinner in the oven.
I have leg cramps.
I have leisure time for philosophy.
I have leprosy.
I have less and less time for reading.
I have less money than you.
I have less than a hundred pesos.
I have less than an hour left until I have to tell Tom my decision.
I have less than fifteen.
I have less than five friends who can speak French.
I have less than five friends who know how to speak French.
I have less than ten pesos.
I have less than thirty dollars on me.
I have less than three dollars to my name.
I have less than you have.
I have less than you.
I have letters I need to write.
I have leukaemia.
I have leukemia.
I have life insurance.
I have like 8 tiny pebbles in my boots.
I have limited financial resources.
I have literally no idea who you're talking about.
I have literally nothing to do.
I have little appetite due to lack of exercise.
I have little appetite.
I have little experience.
I have little free time, as at the moment I'm very busy professionally.
I have little hesitation in saying that Cottagers who are able to keep from four to six Hives of Bees may make from four to eight pounds yearly profit, after paying all expenses upon them.
I have little interest in history.
I have little knowledge of biochemistry.
I have little money now.
I have little money with me.
I have little money.
I have little money. However, I feel happy with you.
I have little money; however, I feel happy with you.
I have little more than 5 dollars.
I have little time at my disposal.
I have little time for reading these days.
I have little time left to live.
I have little time to read.
I have little to do.
I have little, and you?
I have little, if any time that I can call my own.
I have little, if any, interest in popular songs.
I have lived a hard life.
I have lived a life of a puppet of fortune.
I have lived a lot with grown-ups. I saw them very closely. It did not really change my opinion of them.
I have lived here a little over 60 years.
I have lived here a long time.
I have lived here for a long time.
I have lived here for six weeks.
I have lived here for ten years.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I have lived here for three hundred years, and all that time I have not seen a single human being but yourself.
I have lived here for years.
I have lived here since 1990.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
I have lived here since I was a child.
I have lived here.
I have lived in Algiers for the past forty years.
I have lived in Boston since 1995.
I have lived in Kamakura for twelve years.
I have lived in Kobe since last year.
I have lived in Kobe since yesterday.
I have lived in Sasayama for three years.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
I have lived in many houses and slept in many beds throughout my life.
I have lived in this area of Algiers for about four years.
I have lived in this village for the past ten years.
I have lived many shameful events during my life.
I have lived my life on the sea. I have been through many a storm. I know what it is to be within a step of death — ay, nearer than a step.
I have lived on this block, and next to the same neighbor, all my life.
I have lived on three different islands in the last six years.
I have lived with several Zen masters, all of them cats.
I have loads of things to do.
I have locked myself out of my room.
I have long admired Tom.
I have long admired the sights of Paris.
I have long been desiring to visit you.
I have long been sorrowing lamenting for your woes.
I have long blonde hair.
I have long hair.
I have long legs.
I have long wanted that car.
I have long wanted to see you.
I have longer legs than Tom.
I have longer legs than you do.
I have longer legs than you.
I have looked everywhere, but I can not find my wallet.
I have looked everywhere, but I cannot find my wallet.
I have looked everywhere.
I have looked for it up and down.
I have lost a book.
I have lost a lot of Algeria.
I have lost all respect for them.
I have lost all respect for you.
I have lost both principal and interest.
I have lost count.
I have lost face completely.
I have lost faith in that doctor.
I have lost faith in the doctor.
I have lost interest in it.
I have lost interest in studying, so I don't think there is any point in going to college.
I have lost my appetite.
I have lost my briefcase.
I have lost my camera.
I have lost my cap.
I have lost my credit card.
I have lost my faith in God.
I have lost my friends.
I have lost my head.
I have lost my key.
I have lost my keys so I can't get into my flat.
I have lost my keys.
I have lost my mind.
I have lost my money-bag.
I have lost my new fountain pen.
I have lost my notebook.
I have lost my pen.
I have lost my pen. Will you help me look for it?
I have lost my pencil.
I have lost my place.
I have lost my right glove somewhere.
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
I have lost my umbrella.
I have lost my wallet.
I have lost my watch, so now I have to buy another one.
I have lost my watch.
I have lost one of my folders.
I have lost so much time.
I have lost some of my ability to communicate easily in Berber.
I have lost some of my ability to communicate quickly in Berber.
I have lost the WiFi signal.
I have lost the case after all.
I have lost the key.
I have lost too much time, I need to buckle down.
I have lost weight.
I have lot of work to do before then.
I have lots of Canadian friends.
I have lots of Canadians friends.
I have lots of affairs to look after.
I have lots of friends I can talk things over with.
I have lots of friends living in Boston.
I have lots of friends who are Canadians.
I have lots of friends.
I have lots of homework tonight.
I have lots of ideas.
I have lots of money.
I have lots of other things I have to do.
I have lots of other things I need to do.
I have lots of other things I want to do.
I have lots of other things to do.
I have lots of questions I want to ask Tom.
I have lots of rubber bands.
I have lots of second-hand books for sale, all at affordable prices.
I have lots of things I need to do today.
I have lots of things that need to be done before next Monday.
I have lots of things to do today.
I have lots of things to do.
I have lots of things to tell you.
I have lots of time.
I have lots of work to clear up by the weekend.
I have lots of work to do today.
I have lots of work to do tomorrow.
I have lots of work to do.
I have loved her for a long time.
I have loved her since I first saw her.
I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
I have loved you since I first laid eyes on you.
I have loved you since I first met you.
I have loved you since the first day I met you.
I have loved you since the first moment I saw you.
I have low blood pressure and I feel like passing out.
I have low blood pressure.
I have low blood sugar levels.
I have low self-esteem.
I have loyalty points on my card.
I have loyalty to my country, Algeria, before any ethnicity.
I have lucid dreams.
I have lunch at 1.30 p.m.
I have lunch at half one.
I have lunch at half past one.
I have lunch at home.
I have lunch at noon with my friends.
I have lunch at noon.
I have lunch at one o'clock in the afternoon.
I have lunch at one o'clock.
I have lunch every day.
I have lunch plans with Tom.
I have lunch plans with her.
I have lunch plans with him.
I have lunch plans with them.
I have lunch with the manager almost every day.
I have lung cancer.
I have made a careful examination of the situation.
I have made a foothold.
I have made a mess out of it.
I have made a mess.
I have made a most marvellous discovery.
I have made a prize mistake.
I have made a promise to do it.
I have made a resolution to keep a diary this year.
I have made a special study of cigar ashes—in fact, I have written a monograph upon the subject. I flatter myself that I can distinguish at a glance the ash of any known brand either of cigar or of tobacco.
I have made a tremendous mistake.
I have made a vow never to get married.
I have made an appointment with Mr Kennedy.
I have made big leaps in my Berber.
I have made great sacrifices to come this far.
I have made him angry.
I have made it my life's mission to eradicate malaria.
I have made it my life's mission to eradicate procrastination.
I have made many friends in Kabylie.
I have made many mistakes in my lifetime.
I have made many sacrifices for my country.
I have made mistakes.
I have made my decision and there is nothing you can do to stop me.
I have made my decision.
I have made myself comfortable on the sofa.
I have made several pen pals there.
I have made the deposit.
I have made the withdrawal.
I have made two big mistakes in my life: twice I didn't listen to my wife.
I have made up my mind now.
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.
I have made up my mind to become a journalist.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I have made up my mind to propose to her.
I have made up my mind to work harder.
I have magic powers.
I have mallet problems at the moment.
I have many Berber friends from Morocco.
I have many Berber friends.
I have many Canadian friends.
I have many Canadians friends.
I have many Esperanto friends.
I have many Esperanto-speaking friends.
I have many French books.
I have many French-speaking friends.
I have many German friends.
I have many Muslim friends.
I have many Vietnamese learning books and audio files for Vietnamese pronunciation.
I have many Vietnamese learning books.
I have many abilities.
I have many and varied interests.
I have many books that I haven't read.
I have many books.
I have many coins in this box.
I have many colleagues.
I have many discs.
I have many doubts.
I have many dreams.
I have many enemies.
I have many faults.
I have many fond memories of Boston.
I have many friends I can talk to.
I have many friends from Algeria.
I have many friends from Boston.
I have many friends from China.
I have many friends from Kabylie.
I have many friends from Recife.
I have many friends here.
I have many friends in Algeria.
I have many friends in Australia.
I have many friends in Boston.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
I have many friends living in Boston.
I have many friends that help me.
I have many friends who are Canadians.
I have many friends who are native speakers.
I have many friends who can help me.
I have many friends who speak French well.
I have many friends who speak Kadazan well.
I have many friends who speak Portuguese well.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don’t sound like native speakers.
I have many friends.
I have many fruit trees in my garden.
I have many games for the Xbox.
I have many gift ideas for birthdays.
I have many hats like this one.
I have many hobbies - fishing and climbing, for example.
I have many hobbies.
I have many ideas.
I have many irrational desires.
I have many irrational wants.
I have many issues with Tom's ideas, but the readability of his writing is worth learning from.
I have many language books.
I have many married friends.
I have many memories of Tom.
I have many model cars.
I have many moments when I wonder why we redid the basement the way we did.
I have many more pictures of Boston.
I have many other things I have to do.
I have many other things I need to do.
I have many other things I want to do.
I have many other things to do.
I have many pairs of shoes.
I have many photos.
I have many pictures of Boston.
I have many problems to solve.
I have many problems.
I have many published books.
I have many questions for you.
I have many reasons.
I have many regrets.
I have many relatives.
I have many responsibilities resting on my shoulders.
I have many single friends.
I have many stories about the manananggals.
I have many talents.
I have many tasks today.
I have many things to do now.
I have many things to do today.
I have many things to do.
I have many thoughts on my mind right now.
I have many thousands of books on my bookshelves.
I have many times eaten bamboo shoots.
I have many times eaten sea urchin gonads as sushi.
I have many translation projects.
I have many unmarried friends.
I have many unused cross stitch patterns at home.
I have many vices, but fast food isn't one of them.
I have many visas in my passport because I travel a lot for my job.
I have many ways of thinking, so sometimes I don't know what to think.
I have many worries.
I have marvelous news.
I have master stealth skills, like a ninja.
I have mastered this subject.
I have math after break.
I have math homework today.
I have maths homework today.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
I have memorized 2,000 English words.
I have memorized 2000 English words.
I have menopausal troubles.
I have mentioned it to you before.
I have mesh mittens at home.
I have met a man on the road.
I have met her before.
I have met him before.
I have met him many times.
I have met neither him nor his brother.
I have met neither of his sons.
I have met this girl before.
I have midterms next week.
I have mild COVID.
I have milk.
I have misjudged you.
I have mislaid my baggage.
I have missed my train.
I have missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
I have missed them both.
I have missed you so much!
I have missed you so much.
I have missed you too, Tom.
I have missed you, all of you.
I have mixed emotions about this.
I have mixed emotions.
I have mixed feelings about it.
I have mixed feelings about that.
I have mixed feelings about the sumptuous renovations at the store where I have so many memories.
I have mixed feelings about this.
I have modest tastes. Wealth does not interest me.
I have modified my translation accordingly.
I have modified the French sentence, because the English sentence it was a translation of was changed to be a bit more natural. As a consequence, the translation in Esperanto needs to be checked.
I have money enough to buy it.
I have money for you.
I have money problems.
I have money to spare.
I have money.
I have moral standards.
I have more bad news.
I have more books than I can read.
I have more books than you.
I have more children.
I have more clothes than I need.
I have more dresses than my sister.
I have more experience doing this than you do.
I have more experience than Tom.
I have more free time than Tom has.
I have more free time than Tom.
I have more friends than Tom does.
I have more friends than Tom.
I have more good news.
I have more important things to do than waste my time with you.
I have more important things to do this afternoon.
I have more important things to do.
I have more important things to worry about.
I have more in common with Tom than Mary.
I have more information that you might be interested in.
I have more money than I had last year.
I have more money than I need.
I have more money than Tom has.
I have more money than Tom.
I have more money than her.
I have more money than him.
I have more money than she does.
I have more money than you.
I have more of them than you.
I have more problems than I can count.
I have more problems than I can handle right now.
I have more questions for you.
I have more questions.
I have more skirts than my big sister.
I have more than I dreamed I ever would.
I have more than I need.
I have more than enough time.
I have more than enough to live on.
I have more than enough.
I have more than five friends who can speak French.
I have more than once seen, from the depths of a dark cave, the young maidens of Kole or Oëlmoe wash their bare feet in the water of the streams, singing softly.
I have more than one friend who can't speak French.
I have more than one friend who can't swim.
I have more than one girlfriend.
I have more than one hiding place.
I have more than one hundred books.
I have more than one thing I'm good at.
I have more than that.
I have more than you.
I have more time, and less money than ever.
I have more to say.
I have more toys than you do.
I have more work than I can handle.
I have more work to do.
I have more years than you.
I have more.
I have mosquito bites all over my arm.
I have motion sickness.
I have moved here to Kabylie.
I have moved to the village.
I have much confidence in my ability.
I have much in common with him.
I have much studied both cats and philosophers. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.
I have much to do.
I have much to learn from her.
I have much to say about it.
I have much work today.
I have mucous in my stool.
I have mucus coming out of my eyes.
I have multiple native languages.
I have my Berber dictionary.
I have my Berber workbook.
I have my Christmas basket here.
I have my DELE exam tomorrow.
I have my bag next to me here.
I have my book.
I have my career to think of.
I have my dog here.
I have my doubts about Tom's sincerity.
I have my doubts about Tom.
I have my doubts about her.
I have my doubts about him.
I have my doubts about that.
I have my doubts.
I have my eye on you.
I have my feet firmly planted on the ground.
I have my fingers crossed.
I have my fog lights on.
I have my fog lights turned on.
I have my friend's car at my disposal.
I have my friend’s car at my disposal.
I have my goals, plans, and reasons for learning the Kazakh language.
I have my gun ready for the next time church demons come banging on my door asking for donations.
I have my hair cut once a month.
I have my hands full right now. God, you really do always have the worst timing.
I have my hands full.
I have my health.
I have my homework finished.
I have my keys.
I have my life savings invested in this store.
I have my limits.
I have my limits. If you cross them, I'll gladly walk away.
I have my misgivings.
I have my orders.
I have my own TV show.
I have my own assistant.
I have my own bedroom at home.
I have my own bedroom.
I have my own chores to do.
I have my own computer.
I have my own house.
I have my own ideas.
I have my own job.
I have my own language that I speak when I dream. I wonder if that's me communicating with my home planet?
I have my own opinion on whisky.
I have my own opinions about politics and religion.
I have my own opinions concerning politics and religion.
I have my own philosophy.
I have my own point of view.
I have my own problems.
I have my own reasons for being here.
I have my own reasons for calling you a bitch.
I have my own reasons for doing this.
I have my own reasons for learning French.
I have my own reasons.
I have my own restaurant now.
I have my own restaurant.
I have my own room.
I have my own set of values that I must adhere to.
I have my own stereo set.
I have my own theory.
I have my own thoughts on that subject.
I have my own truth.
I have my own way of solving it.
I have my passport.
I have my principles.
I have my reasons for doing that.
I have my reasons for doing this.
I have my reasons for not doing that.
I have my reasons for wanting to go.
I have my reasons.
I have my red lines.
I have my share of doubts.
I have my sources.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I have my suspicions.
I have my thesis defense tomorrow.
I have my things in my bag.
I have my things.
I have my way of doing things.
I have my ways and I'm certainly not going to change them for you.
I have my year-end exams in 2 days, yet I'm not studying at all.
I have my year-end exams in 2 days, yet I’m not studying at all.
I have myself amazing Israeli friends who don't support the apartheid system of the Israeli regime.
I have nausea.
I have nearly missed the train today.
I have needs.
I have neglected you so long that I feel a bit shy in visiting you.
I have neither a mother nor a father.
I have neither a wife nor problems.
I have neither money nor friends.
I have neither money nor papers.
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
I have neither the time nor the energy to do that.
I have neither time nor desire to go there.
I have neither time nor money for that.
I have neither time nor money.
I have never accepted a gift.
I have never added sentences to Tatoeba.
I have never addressed Tania in Russian.
I have never advised a friend.
I have never aimed at a bear with my rifle.
I have never alluded to marriage.
I have never asked my father for money.
I have never asked you for anything.
I have never been a Kabyle music fan.
I have never been a fan of religion.
I have never been a scout.
I have never been a smoker.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching football, haha.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching soccer, haha.
I have never been abroad.
I have never been an alcoholic.
I have never been good at French.
I have never been happy in my life.
I have never been hospitalized.
I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
I have never been in a position like this before.
I have never been in their way.
I have never been inside a jail.
I have never been inside this classroom.
I have never been kissed like that.
I have never been more bored than now.
I have never been one to ignore views I disagree with.
I have never been one to suppress individuals whose views I disagree with.
I have never been one to suppress views I disagree with.
I have never been particularly strong in mathematics.
I have never been robbed.
I have never been sick since I was a child.
I have never been so humiliated in my entire life.
I have never been so proud to be Algerian.
I have never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
I have never been there myself.
I have never been there.
I have never been to Algeria.
I have never been to America.
I have never been to Boston.
I have never been to China.
I have never been to England.
I have never been to Europe.
I have never been to Florida.
I have never been to Germany.
I have never been to Hiroshima.
I have never been to Istanbul.
I have never been to Kabylie, Algeria.
I have never been to Kabylie.
I have never been to Kushiro.
I have never been to Kyushu.
I have never been to Nikko.
I have never been to Paris.
I have never been to Syria.
I have never been to Turkey.
I have never been to a church.
I have never been to a mosque before.
I have never been to a mosque.
I have never been to a museum.
I have never been to jail.
I have never been to school.
I have never been to that part of the country.
I have never been to that specific camping spot.
I have never been to that town.
I have never been to the States.
I have never been to the U.S.
I have never been to the United States.
I have never been to the desert.
I have never been to the sea.
I have never been too big on birthdays.
I have never before tried pheasant, but I heard it tastes like chicken.
I have never believed Tom.
I have never believed him.
I have never believed in wars.
I have never believed that war is good.
I have never believed that.
I have never belonged wholeheartedly to country or state, to my circle of friends, or even to my own family. These ties have always been accompanied by a vague aloofness, and the wish to withdraw into myself increases with the years.
I have never blamed him for something.
I have never bought so many bananas!
I have never called on him.
I have never cheated on her.
I have never cheated on you.
I have never clapped eyes on you before.
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
I have never come across such a stubborn person.
I have never cried in my life. Now I want to but I still cannot.
I have never dared to speak to her.
I have never done that.
I have never done this before.
I have never done this.
I have never doubted about that.
I have never doubted that.
I have never drawn anything in my life.
I have never drunk a drop of alcohol in my life.
I have never eaten Chinese food.
I have never eaten a mango before.
I have never eaten a tangelo.
I have never eaten couscous with fish.
I have never eaten horse meat.
I have never eaten with chopsticks.
I have never enjoyed living in this world.
I have never even hidden it.
I have never ever wondered how long I will live.
I have never experienced anything like it.
I have never experienced anything like that before in my life.
I have never experienced racism directly.
I have never experienced racism firsthand.
I have never experienced such intense pleasure such I have with Skura.
I have never experienced virtual reality.
I have never fallen in love with any girl.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
I have never fed my dog bananas.
I have never fed the dog a banana.
I have never felt better.
I have never felt comfortable when I'm with him.
I have never felt prouder in my whole life.
I have never felt remorse about this.
I have never felt so good.
I have never felt this way before.
I have never flown by plane.
I have never followed any certain example
I have never found that to be necessary.
I have never gone to America.
I have never gone to Florida.
I have never gotten robbed in Algeria.
I have never had a bicycle in my life.
I have never had a credit card.
I have never had a racist teacher.
I have never had any enemies other than those of the state.
I have never had any problems.
I have never had anything like this happen to me.
I have never had more confidence in the fighting efficiency of these soldiers.
I have never had more than $500 in my possession.
I have never had my picture taken with a Mexican zebra.
I have never had sex.
I have never had sincere friendships.
I have never had that problem before.
I have never had this pain before.
I have never heard Roy sing a song in public.
I have never heard a good pronunciation of this word, so maybe I'm pronouncing it wrong.
I have never heard a scary story in my life.
I have never heard about a city called Nara. Where is it situated?
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
