Tom, I need you right now.
Tom, I need your help.
Tom, I owe you an apology.
Tom, I really like you... as a friend.
Tom, I still love you very much.
Tom, I think I've fallen in love with you.
Tom, I think Mary likes you.
Tom, I think that girl is waiting for you.
Tom, I think we have to help Mary. It looks like she having trouble.
Tom, I think we have to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
Tom, I think we need to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
Tom, I think we need to help Mary. It looks like she’s in trouble.
Tom, I think we're talking at cross-purposes.
Tom, I think you should eat more.
Tom, I think you should watch this film.
Tom, I think you should watch this movie.
Tom, I thought I told you to clean your room!
Tom, I told you to stop eating crayons!
Tom, I understand that you've started doing that.
Tom, I want to ask you something.
Tom, I want to go to sleep.
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.
Tom, I want to have a little talk with you.
Tom, I want to have a little word with you.
Tom, I want to have a talk with you.
Tom, I want to hear it from you.
Tom, I want to show you something.
Tom, I want to stay with you.
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.
Tom, I want to talk to you.
Tom, I want you to clean your room and I want you to do it now.
Tom, I want you to close your eyes.
Tom, I want you to come with me.
Tom, I want you to do something for me.
Tom, I want you to handle this one.
Tom, I want you to have this.
Tom, I want you to know that you're not alone.
Tom, I want you to listen to me.
Tom, I want you to listen to this.
Tom, I want you to listen to what I have to say.
Tom, I want you to listen to what I'm going to say to you.
Tom, I want you to meet Mary.
Tom, I want you to speak to Mary.
Tom, I want you to stay with the kids.
Tom, I want you to stop this.
Tom, I was just thinking about you.
Tom, I would just like to ask you some direct questions.
Tom, I'd like to introduce you to my cousin, Priscilla.
Tom, I'd like to show you something if you have a moment.
Tom, I'd like you to meet my sister Mary.
Tom, I'd like you to meet my sister, Mary.
Tom, I'd like you to meet somebody.
Tom, I'd like you to meet someone.
Tom, I'm afraid I haven't been completely honest with you.
Tom, I'm back.
Tom, I'm bored.
Tom, I'm bored. Let's do something fun.
Tom, I'm doing this for you.
Tom, I'm going shopping. Look after the house.
Tom, I'm going shopping. Stay here until I get back.
Tom, I'm going to ask that you read me the letter.
Tom, I'm going to have a baby!
Tom, I'm happy for you.
Tom, I'm here.
Tom, I'm home.
Tom, I'm hungry.
Tom, I'm in the basement.
Tom, I'm in trouble. I need you to come get me.
Tom, I'm in your hands.
Tom, I'm not talking to you.
Tom, I'm pregnant.
Tom, I'm scared we're going to get in trouble.
Tom, I'm serious.
Tom, I'm starting to miss you.
Tom, I'm talking to you.
Tom, I'm tired of translating.
Tom, I'm with you on this.
Tom, I've got a crisis here. I need your advice.
Tom, I've got a surprise for you.
Tom, I've got to talk to you.
Tom, I've got to tell you something.
Tom, I've made you a cup of tea.
Tom, John and Mary all speak French.
Tom, Ken, and Mary fought about whether or not to call the police.
Tom, Maria! Come downstairs kids, food's ready!
Tom, Mary already has a boyfriend.
Tom, Mary and I usually walk to school together.
Tom, Mary and I went to the same elementary school.
Tom, Mary and John all have to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all live in Australia.
Tom, Mary and John all live in Boston.
Tom, Mary and John all live with their father in Boston.
Tom, Mary and John all live with their mother in Australia.
Tom, Mary and John all need to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all ought to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all shook their heads.
Tom, Mary and John all thought that Alice was crazy.
Tom, Mary and John all turned and looked at Alice.
Tom, Mary and John all want to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all went to the same high school.
Tom, Mary and John all went to the same school.
Tom, Mary and John are all here.
Tom, Mary and John are eating breakfast.
Tom, Mary and John are gathered around Alice.
Tom, Mary and John are in the kitchen.
Tom, Mary and John are playing cards in the living room.
Tom, Mary and John are seated around the table.
Tom, Mary and John are sitting around the table.
Tom, Mary and John danced, and even Alice danced.
Tom, Mary and John each took a drink of beer.
Tom, Mary and John each took another sip of coffee.
Tom, Mary and John got into the same taxi.
Tom, Mary and John have all been invited.
Tom, Mary and John sat around the kitchen table.
Tom, Mary and John shared the cost of the party.
Tom, Mary and John spent Saturday practicing for the talent show.
Tom, Mary and John were all there.
Tom, Mary and John were each given three hundred dollars.
Tom, Mary and John were playing tag on the playground.
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that yesterday.
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that.
Tom, Mary and a few other people went yesterday.
Tom, Mary and their children went to Australia last winter.
Tom, Mary and their children went to Boston last weekend.
Tom, Mary and their friends sat around the table.
Tom, Mary is here. Where are you?
Tom, Mary's boyfriend, found a plastic bottle on the mountaintop and took it with him to dispose of it properly.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all believed me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all burst out laughing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all came here in the same car.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all can do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all can speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all cheated.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all cheered.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all congratulated me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did great.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all did well.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all died.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all drowned.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all enjoy dancing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all gasped.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all giggled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all got up to leave at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all got up to leave.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have driver's licenses.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have insurance.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have one thing in common.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all helped me do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all jumped into the pool at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all jumped into the pool.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all killed themselves the same way.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all knew what to do.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all knew.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know the truth.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know this.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all know.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all laughed at me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all laughed.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all left.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all like Chinese food.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all like dancing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all listened very carefully.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in Australia.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in the same apartment building.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live with their dad in Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live with their father in Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all look ridiculous.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked at their cards at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked happy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked relieved.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked somewhat surprised.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all looked up at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all love skiing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all loved what they saw.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made for the door.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made fun of me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all made the same mistake.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all need to go to Boston next month.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all ordered the same thing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all said that they voted for me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all said they voted for me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all sat.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all screamed at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all seem to be having fun.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all should go with you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all smiled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stood up at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stood.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all stopped doing what they were doing and stared at me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all talked at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all think that Australia is a good place to live.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all think that Boston is a good place to live.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all tried to talk at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all walk to school.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all want to know what happened.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went back to Boston on the same plane.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went into the cave.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went to bed early.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all went to the park to play on the merry-go-round.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all yelled.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all Canadians.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all barefoot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all college students.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all dead.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all drinking together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all drunk.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all expected to recover.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all fine.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all from Australia.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all from Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all going to be there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all going to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all gone now.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all good singers.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all guilty.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all happy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all having fun now.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all here.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all high school students.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in the classroom.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in the same class.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in there somewhere.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all innocent children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all jerks.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all liars.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all lying.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all nuts.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all older than you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all on vacation.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all planning to go to the same college.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all pretty tired.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all safe.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all scared of you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all sleeping.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all strong.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all thieves.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all upstairs.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very happy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all very hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting for you in the parking lot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting for you.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting in the parking lot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all waiting.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all watching TV.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all wearing name tags.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all working together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are allies.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are friends. They've known each other since they were children.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are in the same class.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are playing volleyball.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice came here together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice can all do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice can all speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice can all swim.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice have all gone.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice have been friends since they were kids.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play bridge together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play cards together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play string quartets together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice sat around the fire.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice went to the same elementary school.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all barefoot.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all born on October 20, 2013.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all drinking together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all drunk.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all fine.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all here.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all in Boston at the same time.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all lying.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all on the same bus.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all pretty tired.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all sleeping.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all upstairs.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all very busy.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all very hungry.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all wearing name tags.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were playing bridge.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were seated around the table.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were sitting around the table, playing cards.
Tom, Mary, John and I are all in the same class.
Tom, Mary, John and I often play cards on Monday.
Tom, Mary, John and I often play cards together.
Tom, Mary, John and I played beach volleyball yesterday afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and I will be doing that tomorrow.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning on doing that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning on going fishing this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning to do that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people are planning to go fishing this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan on doing that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan on going swimming this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan to do that this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John and a few other people plan to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I are all going to Boston.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I did that as a team.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I often perform as a brass quintet.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I used to sing together.
Tom, Mary, John, and Alice are a polycule.
Tom, Mary, John, and Alice are all planning a party.
Tom, Mary, John, and Alice are in a polyamorous relationship.
Tom, Mary, John, and Alice are sad because the game they wanted to play requires a minimum of five players.
Tom, Mary, and Alex are in a polyamorous relationship.
Tom, Mary, and John need time, money, and food.
Tom, Mary, and John started a band.
Tom, a 12-year-old boy, can speak four languages.
Tom, a German-descent American, was hired from America as the new manager in Japan for the e-mail project in the company. He was tall and blond. He had a sense of humour, but it was difficult to float in a Japanese company without adequate fluency in the domestic language. Tom and I had an excursion in Seoul, South Korea, which was another eye-opening country.
Tom, a fugitive, tried to make it to Mexico.
Tom, a self-made millionaire, had lived in abject poverty as a child.
Tom, a true Viking, robbed the convenience store of $12 dollars. His brother John, a lawyer, stole $12 million from a charity.
Tom, afraid of being denounced himself, informed on his best friend.
Tom, afraid of being denounced himself, shopped his best friend.
Tom, after suffering from visual agnosia, mistook his wife for a cash machine and attempted to withdraw fifty dollars from her. "Nice try, buddy," she said during the transaction.
Tom, alone, bent over the left edge of the sentence, was hesitating to jump, to put an end to all this story.
Tom, alone, bent over the left edge of the sentence, was hesitating to jump, to put an end to this entire story.
Tom, an Englishman, spoke impeccable, accent-free German. If I had not known better, I would have taken him for a German from a very good family.
Tom, an escaped convict, tried to alter his appearance through plastic surgery.
Tom, an experienced reporter, was investigating the recent abduction of three children in the city.
Tom, answer me!
Tom, answer only yes or no!
Tom, answer the door.
Tom, apologize to your sister. You made her cry.
Tom, are all these books yours?
Tom, are these books all yours?
Tom, are you OK?
Tom, are you a dog person or a cat person?
Tom, are you able to come tomorrow?
Tom, are you all right?
Tom, are you all set?
Tom, are you and John brothers?
Tom, are you asleep?
Tom, are you awake?
Tom, are you busy?
Tom, are you downstairs?
Tom, are you eating with us?
Tom, are you feeling alright?
Tom, are you filming?
Tom, are you going to keep talking over me?
Tom, are you going with us?
Tom, are you here?
Tom, are you home?
Tom, are you in here?
Tom, are you in there?
Tom, are you intoxicated?
Tom, are you listening?
Tom, are you looking at my boobs?
Tom, are you mad at me?
Tom, are you okay?
Tom, are you on good terms with Mary?
Tom, are you out here?
Tom, are you packed yet?
Tom, are you ready?
Tom, are you still there?
Tom, are you sure you're all right?
Tom, are you there?
Tom, are you with us?
Tom, as ever, is alone.
Tom, as ever, is ready with an answer.
Tom, as his usual, lagged at the beginning of the sentence, when Mary, already twelve words ahead of him, stood now in its middle.
Tom, as usual, feared the worst.
Tom, as you reek of alcohol you can go away!
Tom, as you reek of sake you can go away!
Tom, as your friend, I suggest you go home now.
Tom, assure me there's going to be no trouble.
Tom, aware that he would soon have to board the train to Boston, had passionately clung to Mary on the station platform.
Tom, back ten words, couldn't see very well this one. Mary, who stood closer, described it to him.
Tom, back ten words, couldn’t see very well this one. Mary, who stood closer, described it to him.
Tom, be careful you don't fall in the hole.
Tom, be careful!
Tom, be quiet and listen to me.
Tom, be reasonable.
Tom, behind you!
Tom, bring me a sandwich.
Tom, by accident, set the curtain on fire.
Tom, call Mary as soon as possible.
Tom, call security right now!
Tom, can I have a moment with you alone?
Tom, can I say something?
Tom, can I see you a sec?
Tom, can I see you again tomorrow?
Tom, can I speak to you alone, please?
Tom, can you at least look at me and admit you lied?
Tom, can you come tomorrow?
Tom, can you dig it?
Tom, can you do the washing-up while I go out in the garden with Mary?
Tom, can you get us some water?
Tom, can you hear me?
Tom, can you help me?
Tom, can you meet me in person so I can talk to you?
Tom, can you move a bit?
Tom, can you pop around? I need to show you something.
Tom, can you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Tom, can you slow down a little?
Tom, can you stay still for five minutes?
Tom, can you take over for me?
Tom, can you take over?
Tom, come back here!
Tom, come check this out.
Tom, come here a sec.
Tom, come here a second.
Tom, come here and sit with me.
Tom, come here quickly!
Tom, come here, I want you.
Tom, come inside! I've made your favorite meal. It's going to get cold soon.
Tom, come look at this.
Tom, come out here.
Tom, come out!
Tom, come over here.
Tom, come see this.
Tom, come with me.
Tom, could I have a word with you?
Tom, could I talk to you for a minute?
Tom, could you come in here for a moment?
Tom, could you come in here, please?
Tom, could you come into my office?
Tom, could you do me a favor?
Tom, could you explain to me what a quark is?
Tom, could you give us a minute, please?
Tom, could you keep an eye on the kids?
Tom, could you lend me ten dollars?
Tom, could you lend me thirty dollars?
Tom, could you lend me your square, please?
Tom, could you lend thirty dollars to me?
Tom, could you shut up for just ten seconds?
Tom, could you take care of this?
Tom, could you tell us a little bit more about that?
Tom, couldn't you be quiet for even ten seconds?
Tom, cut it out.
Tom, desperate, howled: "Mary! Where are you?" from the very left edge of the sentence. "I fear I'm from now on, fully at the opposite from you" drily retorted Mary.
Tom, desperate, howled: "Mary! Where are you?" from the very left edge of the sentence. "I fear I’m from now on, fully at the opposite from you" drily retorted Mary.
Tom, did I upset you?
Tom, did anyone ever tell you you're obnoxious?
Tom, did you buy some bread?
Tom, did you do that, too?
Tom, did you eat anything?
Tom, did you feed Cookie?
Tom, did you find your book?
Tom, did you hear your father?
Tom, did you misread something here? Your answer doesn't match the question.
Tom, do something. There's a snake inside the tent!
Tom, do you copy?
Tom, do you feel sick?
Tom, do you have a cell phone?
Tom, do you have a mobile phone?
Tom, do you have a moment?
Tom, do you have any questions?
Tom, do you have your keys?
Tom, do you hear me?
Tom, do you know Mary?
Tom, do you know how I could create a new desktop shortcut?
Tom, do you know how long we have left of our journey?
Tom, do you know where Mary went?
Tom, do you know where we are?
Tom, do you like cats or dogs?
Tom, do you like long hair or short hair on girls?
Tom, do you like me?
Tom, do you like younger or older girls?
Tom, do you love me?
Tom, do you play chess?
Tom, do you promise to still love me, despite what I'm about to tell you?
Tom, do you still love me?
Tom, do you think I'm a good friend?
Tom, do you think I'm a good person?
Tom, do you think we could get started?
Tom, do you think you could go play your harmonica somewhere else? I'm trying to take a nap.
Tom, do you want to be my language exchange partner?
Tom, do you want to go to the pool with me?
Tom, do you want to go with me?
Tom, do you want us to go with you?
Tom, doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom, don't die.
Tom, don't drink that. It's not beer. It's... too late.
Tom, don't feel down.
Tom, don't fidget.
Tom, don't go.
Tom, don't interrupt me.
Tom, don't interrupt.
Tom, don't leave.
Tom, don't listen to them!
Tom, don't play dumb with me.
Tom, don't say anything now, please.
Tom, don't walk away when I'm talking to you.
Tom, don't worry. I'm alright.
Tom, don't you have somewhere more important to be?
Tom, don't you leave me.
Tom, don’t die.
Tom, don’t you leave me.
Tom, drunk on wine, told Mary his deepest secrets.
Tom, get down from that tree!
Tom, get down.
Tom, get in here.
Tom, get out of the shower!
Tom, get out of this body!
Tom, get over here.
Tom, get ready for school.
Tom, get up!
Tom, get us out of here!
Tom, get your stuff.
Tom, get your things.
Tom, give Mary some tea.
Tom, give it a rest.
Tom, give me a minute. I need to think.
Tom, give me that thingy over there, please.
Tom, give me the bread.
Tom, go rake the leaves.
Tom, go say goodbye to Grandma.
Tom, go wash your face.
Tom, going above Mary's head, appointed her worst enemy as her superior. There was almost nothing left for her to do but to hand in her notice.
Tom, have a seat.
Tom, have you already eaten lunch?
Tom, have you eaten anything?
Tom, have you eaten yet?
Tom, having risen from his chair, began to speak.
Tom, having worked all day, wanted to take a rest.
Tom, he can't laugh at all.
Tom, help me out here.
Tom, help me. The zipper's stuck.
Tom, help! Something's crawling up my back!
Tom, here's someone I want you to meet.
Tom, hold up.
Tom, hold your horses.
Tom, how are things?
Tom, how could you lie to me, right to my face, like that?
Tom, how could you?
Tom, how do you feel about what's happening in the world right now?
Tom, how do you like this brandy?
Tom, how do you spell your first name?
Tom, how is the current situation?
Tom, how long has it been since the last time you took a bath?
Tom, how long has it been since you last took a bath?
Tom, how many pull-ups can you do?
Tom, how many times have I told you not to do that?
Tom, how old are you?
Tom, how old were you when you left Australia?
Tom, how was your trip?
Tom, how was your yesterday in Boston?
Tom, how would you like dinner together?
Tom, how would you like it if we had dinner together?
Tom, how's it going?
Tom, however, can't act alone.
Tom, however, has never been there.
Tom, however, was already in love with a girl called Mary.
Tom, however, was already in love with a girl named Mary.
Tom, hurry it up.
Tom, hurry up.
Tom, if it's OK with you, how about we have dinner together?
Tom, if it's OK, how about we have dinner together?
Tom, if there's a problem, I want to hear about it.
Tom, if you go shopping, please buy a can of condensed milk.
Tom, if you go, I will, too.
Tom, if you go, I'll go, too.
Tom, if you have a moment, I'd like to show you something.
Tom, if you want cheese and biscuits, just come and get them.
Tom, if you want cheese and crackers, just come and get them.
Tom, if you want you can have dinner here before you leave.
Tom, if you're free, how about dinner?
Tom, if you're not going, I'm not going either.
Tom, if you're not too busy, could you come to my office for a minute?
Tom, if you're serious about helping, please be here by 2:30.
Tom, in a fit of rage, threw his bicycle off a cliff.
Tom, is Mary still with you?
Tom, is everything OK?
Tom, is everything all right?
Tom, is it true that you're dating Mary?
Tom, is it true that you've been teasing John at school? I've just had his mum on the phone complaining!
Tom, is it true you're dating Mary?
Tom, is it you?
Tom, is that really you?
Tom, is that you?
Tom, is there anything we need to talk about?
Tom, is there something you want to say?
Tom, is this a good present?
Tom, is this yours?
Tom, it doesn't work that way.
Tom, it isn't necessary to apologize.
Tom, it isn't your fault.
Tom, it looks like your beard has started growing. It seems like you'll need a razor soon.
Tom, it seems like you were born for this job.
Tom, it seems, doesn't care.
Tom, it's about time you figured out how to do this by yourself. I'll show you one last time.
Tom, it's me. Can I talk to you?
Tom, it's me. Can I talk with you?
Tom, it's me. Can we talk?
Tom, it's not necessary to apologize.
Tom, it's not what you think.
Tom, it's not your fault.
Tom, it's so good to see you again.
Tom, it's so good to see you.
Tom, it's time we had a talk.
Tom, it's your mother.
Tom, it's your turn to clean the litter box.
Tom, join me.
Tom, just be an adult and walk out of your house. We want to arrest you.
Tom, just stay true to yourself!
Tom, known to be obsequious, always tried to court favour with the boss.
Tom, leave it alone.
Tom, leave my stuff alone.
Tom, leave the cat alone.
Tom, leave the dog alone.
Tom, leave your sister alone.
Tom, let me do it.
Tom, let me get you a drink.
Tom, let me get you help.
Tom, let me have a look at that thing.
Tom, let me have a look at that.
Tom, like me, has blue eyes.
Tom, like me, is an artist.
Tom, listen to me!
Tom, listen to me.
Tom, listening to Mary, shook his head, laughing and frowning, in belief and disbelief.
Tom, look at me when I'm speaking to you!
Tom, look at me when I'm speaking to you.
Tom, look at me!
Tom, look at me. Are you okay?
Tom, look at what I made!
Tom, look at what you did.
Tom, look what I found under the sofa.
Tom, look what they did to you.
Tom, look what we did.
Tom, look what you did.
Tom, look what you've done.
Tom, look who's here.
Tom, look! The squirrel is back!
Tom, may I have some money?
Tom, may I see you for just a minute?
Tom, may I speak to you outside?
Tom, may I speak with you?
Tom, may we speak with you alone, please?
Tom, maybe you would like to begin.
Tom, meet your new nanny.
Tom, mom is calling you.
Tom, my brother is again looking at the fridge, as always.
Tom, my feet are freezing. Please get me my slippers!
Tom, my feet are freezing. Please get me my slippers.
Tom, my friend, I know that you loved me, but I could not be yours.
Tom, my neighbor is a carpenter.
Tom, my neighbor, is a carpenter.
Tom, my pleasure.
Tom, my roommate is a very nice guy.
Tom, my roommate, is a very nice guy.
Tom, my roommate, leaves his dirty socks all over our dorm.
Tom, no need to be sorry.
Tom, not Mary, was the one who did that.
Tom, of course, didn't come.
Tom, of course, didn't like the meal I made for him.
Tom, of course, didn't like the meal that I made for him.
Tom, of course, was late.
Tom, of course, will be there.
Tom, of course, won't be there.
Tom, one of the notable faces of Boston society, also attended the event.
Tom, one-on-one with the goalkeeper, could only drag the ball agonisingly wide of the far post.
Tom, otherwise somewhat reserved and distant, positively gushed about the film.
Tom, people are waiting for you.
Tom, please be careful.
Tom, please come into my office when you are finished. I must tell you something important.
Tom, please enter Examination room 3.
Tom, please give me a call.
Tom, please hand me the hammer.
Tom, please just shut up for five minutes and listen.
Tom, please just shut up.
Tom, please leave me alone.
Tom, please open the door.
Tom, please pass me that soy sauce.
Tom, please pass me the salt.
Tom, please respect other people's culture, if you want yours to be respected.
Tom, please respect the rules! You are not permitted to smoke in the hospital!
Tom, please restrain yourself.
Tom, please stand by.
Tom, please stop being stupid.
Tom, please stop pocket dialing me all the time!
Tom, please stop trying to be funny. Just be yourself.
Tom, please take a seat.
Tom, please tell me about your childhood.
Tom, please tell us about your childhood.
Tom, please, don't make a scene!
Tom, please, not now.
Tom, please, this isn't the time or place.
Tom, put on your lab coat!
Tom, put the bowl into the microwave.
Tom, put these gloves on.
Tom, put your money away. I'm paying this time.
Tom, quiet down a little!
Tom, read me a bedtime story.
Tom, say something.
Tom, share with your brother.
Tom, she told me that you made her cry. Twice.
Tom, she's your mother.
Tom, should I call Mary?
Tom, shut up and listen to me.
Tom, since you reek of alcohol, go away!
Tom, since you reek of alcohol, go over there!
Tom, since you reek of sake, go away!
Tom, since you reek of sake, go over there!
Tom, sit down right now.
Tom, sit on your arse and be quiet.
Tom, someday I'll reward you for all your patience.
Tom, someone is here to see you.
Tom, stay back.
Tom, stay in your seat!
Tom, step up to the front of the class and recite your poem.
Tom, stop it, OK?
Tom, stop it. That's enough!
Tom, stop manspreading!
Tom, stop pulling my hair!
Tom, stop sending me weird pictures! In fact, why don't you stop sending me anything at all.
Tom, stop talking over me!
Tom, stop teasing your brother! You wouldn't like it if he did that to you, would you?
Tom, stop.
Tom, stranded alone at the beginning of sentences, couldn't get used to the growing estrangement of Mary.
Tom, stranded alone at the beginning of sentences, couldn’t get used to the growing estrangement of Mary.
Tom, stubborn as he was, refused to change to the sensible metric system, preferring to measure volume in hogsheads instead.
Tom, take a seat.
Tom, take the wheel!
Tom, tell Mary what you told me.
Tom, tell me the truth because I'll find out anyway.
Tom, tell me the truth.
Tom, tell me your email address.
Tom, tell me your email.
Tom, thank goodness you're there! You must come quickly!
Tom, thank you for your help.
Tom, that was disrespectful. Apologise!
Tom, that's not funny any more!
Tom, that's our exit!
Tom, the bus is full. Please tell them to send another.
Tom, the choice is yours.
Tom, the dog's owner, went into a care home: Bello, the dog, into kennels.
Tom, the fridge door is open!
Tom, the gang leader, announced an all-out war with all the rival gangs.
Tom, the guy I'm sharing a room with, is messy.
Tom, the guy who'd shared my apartment, moved out last month.
Tom, the pizza's here.
Tom, the rota is here.
Tom, the table's full of empty bottles again! Clear them away, please.
Tom, the train is no place for dancing!
Tom, there are a lot of girls that would love to go out with you.
Tom, there are people who think that you murdered these women.
Tom, there is something you should know about me.
Tom, there isn't any need to apologize.
Tom, there's a bee on your head!
Tom, there's a call for you.
Tom, there's a clean glass on the table in front of you. Why are you drinking from the bottle?
Tom, there's a policeman here to see you.
Tom, there's a telephone call for you.
Tom, there's no need to apologize.
Tom, there's someone here to see you.
Tom, there's something I forgot to tell you.
Tom, there's something I want to give you.
Tom, there's something I'd like you to do.
Tom, there's something crunching underfoot all over the kitchen floor. Have you spilt some sugar?
Tom, there's something you need to know.
Tom, there's something you should know about me.
Tom, this is Mary's brother John.
Tom, this is Mary.
Tom, this is Mary. Where are you?
Tom, this is between your father and myself.
Tom, this is exactly what we were talking about.
Tom, this is for you.
Tom, this is important.
Tom, this is my brother, John.
Tom, this is my cousin.
Tom, this is neither the time nor the place.
Tom, this is serious!
Tom, this is serious.
Tom, this is your car?
Tom, this isn't about you.
Tom, this isn't something you can run away from.
Tom, this lumber, sat at one end of this sentence, while, too light to counterbalance him, on the other side, sat Mary.
Tom, too, is from Boston.
Tom, too, likes Mary.
Tom, too, likes swimming.
Tom, too, may complain.
Tom, too, was almost killed.
Tom, too, was in the car.
Tom, too, will do that.
Tom, trying to save Mary's life, lost his own.
Tom, unlike Mary, can run fast.
Tom, unlike Mary, can swim.
Tom, unlike some of us, can do that quite well.
Tom, unlike some of us, can speak French.
Tom, unlike some of us, is pretty good at doing that.
Tom, wait up.
Tom, wait!
Tom, wait! Don't move!
Tom, wake up!
Tom, wake up! It's late!
Tom, wake up! We're late!
Tom, wake up, I need your help.
Tom, wake up.
Tom, wake up. It's me.
Tom, was that girl I saw you holding hands with yesterday a new girlfriend?
Tom, watch what you’re doing!
Tom, watch what you’re doing.
Tom, watch your mouth!
Tom, watch your tone of voice!
Tom, we have a problem.
Tom, we have to go.
Tom, we have to talk.
Tom, we love you so much.
Tom, we must not stop here for too long. The sun will set and I think we're very far from the river.
Tom, we need to talk!
Tom, we need to talk.
Tom, we talked about this.
Tom, we'd like you to come with us, please.
Tom, we'll be late!
Tom, we'll begin with you.
Tom, we'll start with you.
Tom, we're all so proud of you.
Tom, we're sitting over there.
Tom, we're trapped!
Tom, we've arrived!
Tom, we've been expecting you.
Tom, we've been through this before.
Tom, we've known each other for a long time. I know what that face means.
Tom, we've never been too close, have we?
Tom, well and truly, fell deeply in love with Mary.
Tom, weren't you going to do that today?
Tom, weren't you supposed to invite only one friend?
Tom, what are you doing here?
Tom, what are you doing in here?
Tom, what are you doing up in that tree?
Tom, what are you doing?
Tom, what are you reading?
Tom, what can you do?
Tom, what did I tell you about doing that?
Tom, what did I tell you about that?
Tom, what did you do to make your sister cry?
Tom, what do you say?
Tom, what do you think of this brandy?
Tom, what do you think?
Tom, what do you want for dinner?
Tom, what do you want for supper?
Tom, what do you want to be in the future?
Tom, what do you want to be when you grow up?
Tom, what do you want to have for dinner?
Tom, what happened last night?
Tom, what happened to you?
Tom, what happened yesterday?
Tom, what happened? Why are you crying?
Tom, what motivated you?
Tom, what sports do you like?
Tom, what were you looking at?
Tom, what would anybody be looking for you for?
Tom, what would you do?
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
Tom, what would you say?
Tom, what you think is wrong.
Tom, what's happening?
Tom, what's the matter with you?
Tom, what's the matter?
Tom, what's the time?
Tom, what's with the attitude?
Tom, what's wrong with you tonight?
Tom, what's wrong?
Tom, what's wrong? Are you in some kind of trouble?
Tom, what's wrong? You look pale.
Tom, what's wrong? You're very pale.
Tom, what's wrong? Your face is bright red.
Tom, what's wrong? Your face is red.
Tom, what's wrong? Your face is very red.
Tom, what's your problem?
Tom, when are you due for a vacation?
Tom, when was it that you went to Boston?
Tom, when you go shopping, get a tin of condensed milk, please.
Tom, where are we?
Tom, where are you?
Tom, where are you? Everyone's looking for you!
Tom, where are you? I'm dying here.
Tom, where are you? We miss you!
Tom, where did you find this?
Tom, where did you go in Australia?
Tom, where's my car?
Tom, which class are you in?
Tom, which do you prefer, girls with long hair or girls with short hair?
Tom, which do you think is better?
Tom, which group are you in?
Tom, who I shared the apartment with, moved out last month.
Tom, who are you going to spend Christmas with?
Tom, who had become a full-fledged conspiracy theorist and a QAnon zealot during the days of social isolation, was threatening and calling Mary names on the phone.
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Tom, who identifies as a woman, has met Mary, who identifies as a man, and has fallen in love.
Tom, who is kind, will be glad to do anything for me.
Tom, who meanwhile had gone further ahead, reminded me that he didn't have all night, and urged me to hurry up.
Tom, who meanwhile had gone on further, reminded me that he didn't have all night, and urged me to come along.
Tom, who speaks French and English, works as a tour guide.
Tom, who was Her Majesty's most charming secret agent, fell in love with Olga, a typist for Brezhnev.
Tom, who was adopted at birth, only met his biological mother for the first time a few weeks ago.
Tom, who was always early, was there already.
Tom, who was sunbathing, shouted at a dark cloud that was covering up the sun, and made the cloud start crying.
Tom, why are you doing this?
Tom, why are you here?
Tom, why are you shirtless?
Tom, why are you so nasty all of a sudden?
Tom, why are you so nasty today?
Tom, why are you trying to trick me?
Tom, why are you wearing a fedora?
Tom, why are you wearing a sombrero?
Tom, why aren't you paying attention?
Tom, why aren't you wearing a shirt?
Tom, why can't you just accept the facts?
Tom, why did you do that?
Tom, why don't you come over for a drink tonight?
Tom, why don't you do the honors?
Tom, why don't you have a shirt on?
Tom, why don't you pop in for a drink tonight?
Tom, why don't you stay and have dinner with us?
Tom, why have you done that?
Tom, why would anybody be looking for you?
Tom, will you answer the door?
Tom, will you cover for me?
Tom, will you get up?
Tom, will you let me copy your math homework?
Tom, will you stop it already!
Tom, will you stop it.
Tom, will you stop that?
Tom, with his good manners and winning smile, is popular with both men and women.
Tom, with whom I am sharing a room, is messy.
Tom, with whom I often drive to work, is a salesman.
Tom, with whom I was sharing the apartment, moved out last month.
Tom, won't you keep quiet for at least ten seconds?
Tom, would you hate being called cute?
Tom, would you join us, please?
Tom, would you leave us alone for a moment?
Tom, would you like a hand?
Tom, would you mind lending me ten dollars?
Tom, would you mind taking the picture?
Tom, would you please come to the point?
Tom, would you please give these starving people something to eat?
Tom, would you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Tom, you are 100% wrong.
Tom, you are my friend.
Tom, you are one of us.
Tom, you are super drunk!
Tom, you are the coolest.
Tom, you are the only one that you care about!
Tom, you aren't making any sense.
Tom, you astonish me.
Tom, you can sit here if you want to.
Tom, you can take it from here.
Tom, you can't be serious?
Tom, you can't let this opportunity slip away.
Tom, you deserve to be slapped!
Tom, you do not say these things.
Tom, you don't do that, do you?
Tom, you don't have to do that.
Tom, you don't have to talk to me like that.
Tom, you have a call!
Tom, you have enough already.
Tom, you have really taught me many things.
Tom, you have to eat something.
Tom, you have to eat.
Tom, you have to tell the truth!
Tom, you haven't tidied your room!
Tom, you idiot!
Tom, you just had a snack right now.
Tom, you know better than that.
Tom, you know what I mean.
Tom, you know, doesn't like girls like Mary.
Tom, you look terrible.
Tom, you look terrible. What happened?
Tom, you look ugly with a beard.
Tom, you look very sleepy.
Tom, you need a haircut.
Tom, you need to calm down.
Tom, you need to come here tomorrow.
Tom, you need to eat more.
Tom, you need to stop. People are starting to stare.
Tom, you need to tell the truth!
Tom, you really are something!
Tom, you really need to mow the lawn today. According to the weather forecast, it's supposed to rain tomorrow.
Tom, you reek of alcohol. Go over there!
Tom, you reek of sake. Go over there!
Tom, you saw my diary without my permission!
Tom, you should come too.
Tom, you should come, too.
Tom, you should go, too.
Tom, you should go.
Tom, you should hire Mary to clean your house.
Tom, you should see this.
Tom, you should stop cutting in when it's something you know nothing about.
Tom, you smell. Go and have a shower!
Tom, you sound terrible.
Tom, you traitor!
Tom, you want some tea? I can make coffee, if you prefer.
Tom, you were out of control.
Tom, you were right.
Tom, you were supposed to call Mary! Why haven't you?
Tom, you were the one behind this!
Tom, you wimp!
Tom, you would make a great father.
Tom, you wrote this part wrong.
Tom, you'd better stay here.
Tom, you'll be here for me if I need you, won't you?
Tom, you're a brave man.
Tom, you're a clever one.
Tom, you're a disgrace.
Tom, you're a drunk.
Tom, you're a fucking liar!
Tom, you're a genius!
Tom, you're a genius.
Tom, you're a liar.
Tom, you're a lousy teacher.
Tom, you're a prude.
Tom, you're a sweet kid.
Tom, you're a very special person.
Tom, you're a very sweet guy.
Tom, you're a very talented filmmaker.
Tom, you're already drunk and it's only five!
Tom, you're an absolute liar!
Tom, you're an adult now. Try to behave like one.
Tom, you're an alcoholic.
Tom, you're an utter twat.
Tom, you're as thin as a rake.
Tom, you're being rude.
Tom, you're digging your nails into my arm.
Tom, you're driving like a clown!
Tom, you're driving like a fool!
Tom, you're fired!
Tom, you're hurting me!
Tom, you're looking quite down. What's wrong? Did something happen?
Tom, you're manspreading.
Tom, you're not funny.
Tom, you're not making any sense.
Tom, you're not schizophrenic.
Tom, you're on the wrong side of history! One day you're gonna wake up and realize this.
Tom, you're overdoing it.
Tom, you're pretending to be asleep, aren't you?
Tom, you're probably right.
Tom, you're really cute so, I think you would blend in perfectly at an all-girls school.
Tom, you're scaring the customers!
Tom, you're so cheap!
Tom, you're stepping on my leg.
Tom, you're such a big meanie.
Tom, you're such a fucking liar!
Tom, you're such a liar!
Tom, you're such a nice guy.
Tom, you're super cute, but you're also stupid.
Tom, you're supposed to be enjoying yourself!
Tom, you're the best.
Tom, you're the duster this week. Mary, you're the sweeper. I'm the dishwasher.
Tom, you're the last one out. Turn the light off.
Tom, you're the most inconsiderate person I've ever met.
Tom, you're useless.
Tom, you're wanted on the phone.
Tom, you're way ahead of me.
Tom, you're with me.
Tom, you've disappointed me.
Tom, you've got to come see this.
Tom, you've got to get up.
Tom, you've got to give it some time.
Tom, you've got to help me.
Tom, you've got to mow the lawn today. The weather forecast says it's going to rain tomorrow.
Tom, you've got to talk to Mary.
Tom, you've got to wake up.
Tom, you've gotta go before Mary gets here.
Tom, you've grown so fast.
Tom, you've mistranslated it here.
Tom, you've only just had a snack.
Tom, you've written it incorrectly here.
Tom, your father asked you a question.
Tom, your fly's open.
Tom, your food's getting cold.
Tom, your handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
Tom, your life's in danger.
Tom, your manners need improvement.
Tom, your mom's here.
Tom, your mother is here.
Tom, your mother's here.
Tom, your phone is ringing.
Tom, your phone!
Tom, your sister has a rare, unusual name. Why did they name her that?
Tom, your taxi is here.
Tom, you’re a man; passive resistance is not an option for you when someone you really love has been taken away like that...
Tom-ophobia is on the rise at Tatoeba.
Tom-phobia is on the rise on Tatoeba.
Tom. Calm down. You can't do that.
Tom: "How much does this camera cost?" Salesman: "Only 4,999.99 euros." Tom: "Do you have one that's cheaper?"
Tom: "I've been bored with my job!" Mary: "Sorry?"
Tom: "Is today Wednesday?" Mary: "All day long."
Tom?
Tom? Are you in there?
Tom? Are you with us?
Tom? Can you hear me?
Tom? Hello? I asked you a question.
Tom? I don't know anyone in our family by that name.
Tom? I don't know him.
Tom? I don't know of a Tom in our family.
Tom? I thought you were dead.
Tom? Is that you?
Tom? Tom Jackson? Is it really you?
Tom? What are you doing here?
Tom? What does he have to do with this?
Tom? Who's Tom?
Tom? Yes, the name rings a bell.
Tomas asked me if I wanted to go to the swimming pool with him.
Tomas believes the earth is flat.
Tomas changed the future.
Tomas got married to Maria.
Tomas lost weight.
Tomas no longer needs our help.
Tomas owes Maria 300 dollars.
Tomas shrugged, not understanding Maria's enchantment.
Tomaso is wearing a yellow raincoat.
Tomasz Wojtasik, a 21-year-old sophomore from Chicago, was getting ready for his first class of the day.
Tomasz and colleagues found that a new antibiotic called Ceftobiprole annihilated colonies of MRSA.
Tomato cultivation is very difficult.
Tomato isn't a vegetable.
Tomato, tomato.
Tomatoes are delicious whether you eat them raw, cooked or braised.
Tomatoes are good for people who suffer stomach pain from excess stomach acid when their stomach is empty.
Tomatoes are red.
Tomatoes are sold by the pound.
Tomatoes aren't technically vegetables.
Tomatoes grow well in Algeria.
Tomatoes like a little phosphate.
Tomatoes may be served hot or cold, as a starter or as a side dish.
Tomatoes were cultivated by the Aztecs in current-day Mexico, and the Spaniards took them to Europe.
Tomatoes were once thought to be poisonous.
Tomayto, tomahto.
Tome squirted some washing-up liquid in the dishwasher, but regretted it afterwards.
Tomek doesn't need to apologize.
Tomi became rich and suddenly got a lot of friends.
Tomiko guessed my weight correctly.
Tomiko guessed my weight.
Tomiko managed to guess my weight.
Tommie only bites her nails when she watches TV.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
Tommy couldn’t answer the last question.
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
Tommy didn't talk.
Tommy is a nice man.
Tommy left some spittle on the table.
Tommy never said that he wanted to leave.
Tommy ordered tea and buns.
Tommy sat down opposite her.
Tommy was asleep inside his playpen.
Tommy's one stinky baby!
Tommy, can you hear me?
Tomo and Manjo want to buy a house with at least three bedrooms.
Tomo said you should get cut your hair cut.
Tomoko almost started to cry.
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party.
Tomoko bounced happily out the door.
Tomorrow (04.30), we will have tiebreakers – four 25-minute games with 10 seconds of added time per move for each player, followed, if necessary, by "blitzes" until the decision – to meet the new World Chess Champion. The 14-game match ended today at a 7-7 point tie.
Tomorrow (11.26.2021) Ian Nepomniachtchi will have the white pieces against Magnus Carlsen in their first game of the World Chess Championship match.
Tomorrow ... tomorrow seemed such a long, long way off.
Tomorrow I am going shopping.
Tomorrow I am going to return the map that you lent me.
Tomorrow I am going to the bookshop to buy books.
Tomorrow I am going to the countryside by my car.
Tomorrow I don't want to come with you to see the soccer game, I want to go with Paolo to see a movie.
Tomorrow I don’t want to come with you to see the soccer game, I want to go with Paolo to see a movie.
Tomorrow I go on holiday.
Tomorrow I have a cricket match. Wish me luck.
Tomorrow I have an oral test.
Tomorrow I have class at nine o'clock in the morning.
Tomorrow I have my oral exam in German, which I'm not too bothered about. On Thursday, however, I have an exam on abstract algebra — specifically, ring theory — which I'm really dreading.
Tomorrow I have the written exam.
Tomorrow I have to get up early.
Tomorrow I have to go and buy dog food. We don't have any more.
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.
Tomorrow I have to go to school, because I have history exams.
Tomorrow I have to stay at school all day, because I have a class in the morning and in the evening, and I don't have a ride back home until after the evening class.
Tomorrow I have two exams: philosophy and maths.
Tomorrow I just want to have an easy day.
Tomorrow I leave for Australia.
Tomorrow I leave for Europe.
Tomorrow I must bring Tom.
Tomorrow I must get up early.
Tomorrow I must leave earlier.
Tomorrow I must tell her the truth.
Tomorrow I start working.
Tomorrow I want to get up early.
Tomorrow I want to study at a coffee shop.
Tomorrow I will apply for the Kurdish course.
Tomorrow I will be between you in the village.
Tomorrow I will be set free.
Tomorrow I will buy what I need.
Tomorrow I will come on time.
Tomorrow I will do a new activity.
Tomorrow I will eat fruits.
Tomorrow I will go to Paris by car.
Tomorrow I will go to the library with you.
Tomorrow I will harvest grapes.
Tomorrow I will meet a friend.
Tomorrow I will once again experience a new adventure.
Tomorrow I will pick grapes.
Tomorrow I will return to Japan.
Tomorrow I will run faster than today.
Tomorrow I will see Tom again after two weeks.
Tomorrow I will see him.
Tomorrow I will stay in the office.
Tomorrow I will travel to Turkey.
Tomorrow I will visit Mr. Braun's house.
Tomorrow I won't be here, but I'll be here the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
Tomorrow I won't do that, but I will the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow I won't swim, but I will the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow I won’t be here.
Tomorrow I'll arrive on time.
Tomorrow I'll be at home all day.
Tomorrow I'll be better.
Tomorrow I'll be gone.
Tomorrow I'll be in Skopje.
Tomorrow I'll be visited by a friend.
Tomorrow I'll bring Tom.
Tomorrow I'll bring three boxes.
Tomorrow I'll buy what I need.
Tomorrow I'll clean my room.
Tomorrow I'll come on time.
Tomorrow I'll come to Tehran.
Tomorrow I'll come to your place.
Tomorrow I'll cut you.
Tomorrow I'll do that even if it rains.
Tomorrow I'll give you an answer.
Tomorrow I'll go and play football.
Tomorrow I'll go out with friends after having lunch.
Tomorrow I'll go to his house to pick him up.
Tomorrow I'll go to school. There's always plenty of time to go to school.
Tomorrow I'll harvest grapes.
Tomorrow I'll leave this city forever.
Tomorrow I'll pick grapes.
Tomorrow I'll quit smoking.
Tomorrow I'll start a diet.
Tomorrow I'll start building a garden tool shed.
Tomorrow I'll start school.
Tomorrow I'll stop drinking.
Tomorrow I'll take the book to Mary.
Tomorrow I'll tell you what I did, and why I wasn't at home.
Tomorrow I'll travel to Paris.
Tomorrow I'll try to talk about sports more.
Tomorrow I'll turn 28.
Tomorrow I'll want to go to the beach tomorrow with my family because it's really hot.
Tomorrow I'm busy, and I can't come to your place.
Tomorrow I'm going back home.
Tomorrow I'm going shopping.
Tomorrow I'm going to Boston.
Tomorrow I'm going to Hamburg.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
Tomorrow I'm going to Shanghai.
Tomorrow I'm going to do a lot of studying.
Tomorrow I'm going to give Tom my old guitar.
Tomorrow I'm going to give my old guitar to Tom.
Tomorrow I'm going to meet my girlfriend's parents.
Tomorrow I'm going to recite a poem by Pessoa.
Tomorrow I'm going to throw a watermelon off the roof of a five-story building just for the hell of it.
Tomorrow I'm going to try to make liquor from black currants.
Tomorrow I'm going to visit my mother in the hospital.
Tomorrow I'm off to America.
Tomorrow I’ll go out with friends after having lunch.
Tomorrow I’ll go to his house to pick him up.
Tomorrow I’m busy, and I can’t come to your place.
Tomorrow I’m going to Paris.
Tomorrow I’m going to throw a watermelon off the roof of a five-story building just for the hell of it.
Tomorrow Tom and I are going to Boston.
Tomorrow Tom can go see Mary.
Tomorrow Yanni is leaving for Algiers.
Tomorrow a distant cousin is coming.
Tomorrow a new year will begin.
Tomorrow afternoon, I will be inside my mom's clothing store.
Tomorrow afternoon? At what time?
Tomorrow at 5 o'clock I'm leaving for the airport.
Tomorrow at about noon, I wish to visit you.
Tomorrow at this hour I'll be in London.
Tomorrow at this hours I will be in London already.
Tomorrow at this time I will be already in London.
Tomorrow comes both before day after tomorrow and the day after that (the day after tomorrow).
Tomorrow could be good.
Tomorrow could be much worse.
Tomorrow could be my last chance.
Tomorrow could be too late.
Tomorrow could be worse.
Tomorrow could work.
Tomorrow evening we'll have five guests.
Tomorrow evening, both my dad and my mom are at home.
Tomorrow evening, they'll all go to Peking University to attend classes.
Tomorrow has been canceled due to a lack of interest.
Tomorrow he lands on the moon.
Tomorrow he may be going to Tomas' house.
Tomorrow he'll at least be able to drink something.
Tomorrow he'll buy you everything you need.
Tomorrow he'll play tennis.
Tomorrow he’ll play tennis.
Tomorrow is April 5th.
Tomorrow is Christmas Day.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
Tomorrow is Easter Monday.
Tomorrow is Father's Day.
Tomorrow is Friday.
Tomorrow is Halloween.
Tomorrow is Monday, isn't it?
Tomorrow is Monday.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day in Brazil.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
Tomorrow is Mother’s Day.
Tomorrow is OK, too.
Tomorrow is October 20th.
Tomorrow is Palm Sunday.
Tomorrow is Saturday, February 5th, 2011.
Tomorrow is Saturday.
Tomorrow is Sunday, isn't it?
Tomorrow is Sunday.
Tomorrow is Sunday. The shops will be closed!
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Tomorrow is Tom's day off.
Tomorrow is Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Tomorrow is Tuesday, the tenth of October.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
Tomorrow is Wednesday, and the day after tomorrow is Thursday.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
Tomorrow is a big day for Tom.
Tomorrow is a big day for us.
Tomorrow is a big day for you!
Tomorrow is a big day.
Tomorrow is a day off.
Tomorrow is a holiday and I don't have to work.
Tomorrow is a holiday, isn't it?
Tomorrow is a holiday.
Tomorrow is a long-awaited payday!
Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
Tomorrow is a new day.
Tomorrow is a workday for you.
Tomorrow is another day, but it won't be here until tomorrow!
Tomorrow is another day, but it won’t be here until tomorrow!
Tomorrow is another day.
Tomorrow is back-to-school day! For once, I'm anxious to go back.
Tomorrow is back-to-school day! For once, I’m anxious to go back.
Tomorrow is convenient for me to call on you.
Tomorrow is early for you; shouldn't you sleep?
Tomorrow is fine.
Tomorrow is going to be hot.
Tomorrow is her birthday.
Tomorrow is her day off.
Tomorrow is his birthday.
Tomorrow is his day off.
Tomorrow is likely to be very cold.
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Tomorrow is my birthday; I will be seventeen.
Tomorrow is my day off.
Tomorrow is my first day at my new job.
Tomorrow is my first day at the new workplace.
Tomorrow is my first day of work.
Tomorrow is my thirtieth birthday.
Tomorrow is not a promise, but a chance.
Tomorrow is not promised.
Tomorrow is our day off.
Tomorrow is payday.
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
Tomorrow is supposed to be sunny.
Tomorrow is the big day.
Tomorrow is the day!
Tomorrow is the election.
Tomorrow is the end for good.
Tomorrow is the exam. Are you all prepared?
Tomorrow is the first of May. It is Monday.
Tomorrow is the first time I will accompany the Chinese delegation, and I'm extremely nervous.
Tomorrow is the last day of school!
Tomorrow is the last day of school.
Tomorrow is the last day.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan on doing that.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to be there.
Tomorrow is the only day I plan to do that.
Tomorrow is the only day that I won't do that.
Tomorrow is the only day this month I plan on doing that.
Tomorrow is the only day this month I plan to do that.
Tomorrow is the second Sunday of May.
Tomorrow is the seventh.
Tomorrow is the start of the new year.
Tomorrow is the sum of yesterday and today.
Tomorrow is the third.
Tomorrow is the wedding. Everyone needs to look very festive.
Tomorrow is too late.
Tomorrow is when I get paid.
Tomorrow is your day off.
Tomorrow isn't granted to anyone in the world, life can stop suddenly before you know it.
Tomorrow it might be me.
Tomorrow it starts.
Tomorrow it will be closed.
Tomorrow it will be prohibited to drive private vehicles downtown.
Tomorrow it will be too late.
Tomorrow it will have snowed one whole week.
Tomorrow it will rain in the south of England.
Tomorrow it will rain.
Tomorrow it will snow.
Tomorrow it'll be our turn to be the center of attention.
Tomorrow it'll be something else.
Tomorrow it'll be too late.
Tomorrow it's Christmas.
Tomorrow it's our turn.
Tomorrow lessons start.
Tomorrow let's go to the morning bazaar.
Tomorrow let’s go to the morning bazaar.
Tomorrow may be too late.
Tomorrow may never come.
Tomorrow might be better for me.
Tomorrow might be different.
Tomorrow might be quite different.
Tomorrow morning I'm going hunting. Do you want to come with me?
Tomorrow morning Tom and I are leaving Australia.
Tomorrow morning Tom and I are leaving Boston.
Tomorrow morning is fine.
Tomorrow morning we will rehearse "The Nutcracker", and in the evening we will dance "Swan Lake".
Tomorrow morning we're leaving Japan.
Tomorrow morning will be OK.
Tomorrow morning will be snowy.
Tomorrow morning you will already feel better.
Tomorrow morning, I'll be with you, God willing.
Tomorrow morning, I'll wake up at 6.
Tomorrow morning, I'll wake up at 6:00.
Tomorrow morning, I’ll wake up at 6.
Tomorrow morning, take a left as soon as you leave home.
Tomorrow morning, they're selling tickets for the Shakira concert.
Tomorrow morning, they’re selling tickets for the Shakira concert.
Tomorrow morning, wake me up at 6:00, please.
Tomorrow morning, wake me up at six.
Tomorrow morning, we will leave Japan.
Tomorrow morning, we will regroup at 8 o'clock. Don't be late.
Tomorrow morning, we will regroup at 8 o’clock, don’t be late.
Tomorrow never comes.
Tomorrow night I will go to Narita airport.
Tomorrow night is going to be a full moon.
Tomorrow night we'll have five guests.
Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
Tomorrow night, I'm going over to Tom's.
Tomorrow night, they will all go to Beijing University to attend class.
Tomorrow or on Saturday I'm going back to P.E., where I live.
Tomorrow our professor is going back to England.
Tomorrow probably will bring snow.
Tomorrow the Chinese national team play against the Korean national team in their home arena.
Tomorrow the day will dawn.
Tomorrow the teacher will not attend the class.
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow.
Tomorrow there is more.
Tomorrow there will be a big snowfall.
Tomorrow there will be fewer people here.
Tomorrow there will be more people here.
Tomorrow there will be no normal lessons, in view of the athletic meet rehearsal.
Tomorrow there will not be classes.
Tomorrow there'll be more people here.
Tomorrow there'll be sleet.
Tomorrow there's a high probability it will rain.
Tomorrow there's a high probability it'll rain.
Tomorrow they'll have geometry.
Tomorrow two young Esperanto speakers are coming from Europe.
Tomorrow we are going to do many things.
Tomorrow we are going to play baseball.
Tomorrow we are going to see the meteor shower!
Tomorrow we celebrate Christmas.
Tomorrow we expect variable weather with a likely chance of precipitation.
Tomorrow we go to school to sign up for the classes we want to take.
Tomorrow we have a test.
Tomorrow we have dictation.
Tomorrow we have to get up early.
Tomorrow we have to make another appointment.
Tomorrow we leave for Stockholm!
Tomorrow we return to the city!
Tomorrow we shall go from Frankfurt to Munich.
Tomorrow we shall proclaim a republic.
Tomorrow we will attack again.
Tomorrow we will buy turkey and veal.
Tomorrow we will encounter the enemy.
Tomorrow we will go to the theater.
Tomorrow we will meet in Taghzut.
Tomorrow we will receive our report cards.
Tomorrow we will sleep until noon.
Tomorrow we will talk about cars.
Tomorrow we will welcome the first intern.
Tomorrow we'll be decorating the classroom for Christmas.
Tomorrow we'll get our proof.
Tomorrow we'll go to the mountains.
Tomorrow we'll have a very special visitor.
Tomorrow we'll see what we want to do.
Tomorrow we'll study all day.
Tomorrow we'll study the whole day.
Tomorrow we're going to meet at a vegetarian restaurant.
Tomorrow we're having guests overnight.
Tomorrow we're heading to France.
Tomorrow we're leaving for France.
Tomorrow we’re having guests overnight.
Tomorrow will be a big day.
Tomorrow will be a busy day for us both.
Tomorrow will be a busy day.
Tomorrow will be a fine day.
Tomorrow will be a full moon.
Tomorrow will be a historic day.
Tomorrow will be a holiday!
Tomorrow will be a new day!
Tomorrow will be a new day.
Tomorrow will be a productive day.
Tomorrow will be a sunny day, and very hot.
Tomorrow will be another day.
Tomorrow will be better!
Tomorrow will be better.
Tomorrow will be colder.
Tomorrow will be cooler.
Tomorrow will be even better.
Tomorrow will be even busier than today.
Tomorrow will be even colder than today.
Tomorrow will be even colder.
Tomorrow will be even hotter than today.
Tomorrow will be even hotter.
Tomorrow will be even warmer than today.
Tomorrow will be even warmer.
Tomorrow will be good weather.
Tomorrow will be hotter.
Tomorrow will be my big day.
Tomorrow will be my last day here.
Tomorrow will be my last day in Australia.
Tomorrow will be no different than today.
Tomorrow will be our last day on this island.
Tomorrow will be overcast.
Tomorrow will be perfect for kite flying.
Tomorrow will be perfect.
Tomorrow will be soon enough.
Tomorrow will be the day of truth.
Tomorrow will be the first time I take the plane, incredible, no?
Tomorrow will be the third time I've seen Tom in concert.
Tomorrow will be too late.
Tomorrow will be very busy.
Tomorrow will be warmer.
Tomorrow will be yesterday the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow will likely be very cold.
Tomorrow will not be cloudy.
Tomorrow will take care of itself.
Tomorrow won't be cloudy.
Tomorrow would be a good time to do that.
Tomorrow you have to stay home all day to rest.
Tomorrow you will eat olives.
Tomorrow's French class has been canceled.
Tomorrow's Halloween.
Tomorrow's Monday.
Tomorrow's Spanish class has been cancelled.
Tomorrow's Sunday.
Tomorrow's Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary.
Tomorrow's Tom's birthday.
Tomorrow's Tom's thirteenth birthday.
Tomorrow's Tom's wedding day.
Tomorrow's a big day.
Tomorrow's a holiday, so I don't have to get up early.
Tomorrow's a holiday.
Tomorrow's a new day.
Tomorrow's another day.
Tomorrow's breakfast served in a bowl: yogurt, walnuts, date molasses, more yogurt, strawberries, pistachios, whipped cream, and topped off with a drizzle of black currant syrup.
Tomorrow's dress rehearsal starts at one o'clock.
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.
Tomorrow's going to be a busy day.
Tomorrow's going to be a very busy day.
Tomorrow's job must be thought through yesterday.
Tomorrow's laundry day.
Tomorrow's meals will be curry and rice.
Tomorrow's my birthday.
Tomorrow's my day off and I plan to sleep in.
Tomorrow's my day off.
Tomorrow's no good.
Tomorrow's payday.
Tomorrow's rubbish day.
Tomorrow's the day.
Tomorrow's the summer solstice.
Tomorrow's the winter solstice.
Tomorrow's total eclipse of the sun will be visible from the southern hemisphere.
Tomorrow's trash day.
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with a chance of rain.
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
Tomorrow's your day off.
Tomorrow, Boldi will start therapy.
Tomorrow, Carlos will cook couscous.
Tomorrow, God willing, we'll be with your parents.
Tomorrow, I am coming back from Hong Kong to the mainland.
Tomorrow, I am going there again.
Tomorrow, I am going to my home town.
Tomorrow, I am going to work in the garden.
Tomorrow, I don't have to get up as early as I usually do.
Tomorrow, I have plans to go to Boston.
Tomorrow, I have plans to go to Tokyo.
Tomorrow, I have to do something with Tom.
Tomorrow, I have to make a very important decision.
Tomorrow, I leave Boston for good.
Tomorrow, I leave for Boston.
Tomorrow, I might be dead.
Tomorrow, I start the diet.
Tomorrow, I want to go to Madrid. It is the capital city of Spain.
Tomorrow, I will ask him.
Tomorrow, I will be able to rest.
Tomorrow, I will book a dentist appointment.
Tomorrow, I will come back a bit earlier.
Tomorrow, I will eat strawberry cake and pizza with my boyfriend.
Tomorrow, I will have lunch in my office.
Tomorrow, I will have to do something with Tom.
Tomorrow, I will return earlier.
Tomorrow, I will swim in the Mediterranean.
Tomorrow, I'll be alone.
Tomorrow, I'll be flying to Hanoi.
Tomorrow, I'll fly over the magnificent Himalayas.
Tomorrow, I'll know who the new president is.
Tomorrow, I'll return the money you lent me.
Tomorrow, I'll show you the library.
Tomorrow, I'll study.
Tomorrow, I'll take the books to the library.
Tomorrow, I'm going to Boston.
Tomorrow, I'm going to Tokyo.
Tomorrow, I'm going to Tom's house.
Tomorrow, I'm going to buy what we need.
Tomorrow, I'm going to read more than today.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Tomorrow, I'm going to take my mother out in the new car.
Tomorrow, I've got an important mission first thing in the morning. I shouldn't be wasting my time with this.
Tomorrow, I’ll return the money you lent me.
Tomorrow, I’ll stick to easier activities.
Tomorrow, I’ll take the books to the library.
Tomorrow, I’m going to study at the library.
Tomorrow, I’ve got an important mission first thing in the morning. I shouldn’t be wasting my time with this.
Tomorrow, Tom is going to Mary's house.
Tomorrow, Ziri is going to have a training.
Tomorrow, a CT-scan of my intestines will be made.
Tomorrow, a meeting will be held.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day to the last syllable of recorded time, and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day, to the last syllable of recorded time; and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
Tomorrow, at dawn, when the countryside whitens, I will leave. You see, I know you are waiting for me. I will go through the forest, I will go across the mountains. I cannot stay away from you any longer. I will walk with my eyes fixed on my thoughts, seeing nothing outside, hearing no sound, Alone, unknown, my back bent, my hands crossed, Sad, and the day for me will be like night. I will not watch the gold of the falling evening, Nor the sails in the distance descending towards Harfleur, And when I arrive, I will place on your tomb A bouquet of green holly and flowering heather.
Tomorrow, everything will be forgotten.
Tomorrow, he is going to go home.
Tomorrow, he is going to start learning Berber.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
Tomorrow, if we can go out, we'll see how they are.
Tomorrow, if we can go out, we’ll see how they are.
Tomorrow, it will be cold.
Tomorrow, it will be hot.
Tomorrow, it will be nice.
Tomorrow, it will be only me and Tom at the company.
Tomorrow, it will be too late.
Tomorrow, it will be worse.
Tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a week.
Tomorrow, it will have been snowing for a whole week.
Tomorrow, it will rain.
Tomorrow, it'll be worse.
Tomorrow, let's eat lunch at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Tomorrow, my father is going to make a good meal.
Tomorrow, my grandparents are coming to the restaurant with us.
Tomorrow, my wife is finally coming to Italy.
Tomorrow, no beer will be on the table.
Tomorrow, the car needs to go to the garage for a big service. It'll probably set me back a couple of hundred euros.
Tomorrow, the car needs to go to the garage for a big service. It’ll probably set me back a couple of hundred euros.
Tomorrow, the president will meet with the leaders of the opposition.
Tomorrow, the verdict for Tom will be announced.
Tomorrow, the whole town will know.
Tomorrow, there will be a lunar eclipse.
Tomorrow, there's likely to be rain.
Tomorrow, they'll consecrate the ground.
Tomorrow, they'll decommission this military base.
Tomorrow, this day will be one more yesterday.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, anything but today, is what all lazy people say.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, not today, all the lazy people say.
Tomorrow, we are to recite a poem at school.
Tomorrow, we shave for free.
Tomorrow, we will face the enemies.
Tomorrow, we will go to Kabylie.
Tomorrow, we will leave.
Tomorrow, we'll be starting school.
Tomorrow, we'll begin.
Tomorrow, we'll eat the leftovers.
Tomorrow, we'll have a math test.
Tomorrow, we'll organise a demonstration against the abuse of power.
Tomorrow, we'll write a letter to our parents.
Tomorrow, we're going to take the necessary steps.
Tomorrow, we're going to the zoo, and we'll see all kinds of animals there.
Tomorrow, we're going to the zoo.
Tomorrow, we're going to write a letter to our parents.
Tomorrow, we're going.
Tomorrow, we're holding a farewell gathering for Nancy.
Tomorrow, we’ll be starting school.
Tomorrow, you are going nowhere.
Tomorrow, you are going to paint the fence.
Tomorrow, you can wear your Shawi dresses to school.
Tomorrow, you'll be free.
Tomorrow, you'll be happy.
Tomorrow, you'll be in the town, won't you?
Tomorrow, you'll hear news that is going to dumbfound you.
Tomorrow?
Tomorrow’s a holiday.
Tomorrow’s my day off.
Tomorrow’s total eclipse of the sun will be visible from the southern hemisphere.
Tomorrow’s weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
Tomsk is a city located on the Tom River in Siberia.
Tomtown? Where's that supposed to be? Maryland?
Tom left without even saying goodbye.
Tom pointed out that I had forgotten to sign my name.
Tom­'s performance was less than spectacular.
Tomás does not hang out with anyone.
Tomás enjoyed Máire's story.
Tomás is a Spanish student.
Tomás is a paedophile.
Tomás is self-conscious.
Tomás is suffocating.
Tomás spends too much time working.
Tomás was sentenced for embezzlement.
Tomás' house is full of toys.
Tomáš is a Czech student.
Tomáš is a Slovak student.
Tom’s French was understandable when he visited Paris.
Tom’s Japanese is improving little by little.
Tom’s a beginner, but he catches on fast.
Tom’s acknowledgement that he stole the ring cleared the maid of suspicion.
Tom’s advice didn’t help at all.
Tom’s advice was very helpful.
Tom’s already here, but Bill hasn’t come yet.
Tom’s an irritating person to work with because he’ll never admit it when he’s made a mistake.
Tom’s ancestors came from Africa.
Tom’s anger blazed out suddenly.
Tom’s anger hurt their marriage.
Tom’s answer surprised me.
Tom’s appetite is irrepressible.
Tom’s at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Tom’s beauty routine is part of his self-care ritual.
Tom’s bedroom door was closed.
Tom’s been living in Boston since he was six.
Tom’s been out of work for half a year.
Tom’s been playing computer games since noon.
Tom’s been working for minimum wage.
Tom’s been working on this report since this morning.
Tom’s behavior wasn’t acceptable.
Tom’s bicycle was blue before he painted it red.
Tom’s birthday was yesterday.
Tom’s boss demands a lot of work.
Tom’s broken arm took several weeks to heal.
Tom’s business is doing very well.
Tom’s camera was just where he’d left it.
Tom’s car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom’s car was parked in front of the convenience store.
Tom’s car was stuck in the mud.
Tom’s chauffeur opened the limousine’s door for Mary.
Tom’s children were born in Norway.
Tom’s clothes were old, but clean.
Tom’s college application was rejected.
Tom’s company imports coffee from Brazil.
Tom’s company imports tea from India.
Tom’s company is drilling for oil.
Tom’s criminal record consists of only two drunken driving citations.
Tom’s days are numbered.
Tom’s death came as a surprise.
Tom’s decision to get married surprised his family.
Tom’s diet is deficient in protein.
Tom’s diet resulted in weight loss.
Tom’s dog bit him playfully.
Tom’s dog followed him into the house.
Tom’s dog is a pretty good swimmer.
Tom’s dog needed to go outside.
Tom’s dog slobbered on his pillow.
Tom’s dog wanted to go outside.
Tom’s dog woke him up a little after midnight.
Tom’s dream is to go to a university in England.
Tom’s dream is to live in the mountains.
Tom’s dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
Tom’s dream is within reach now.
Tom’s duties include raking the leaves.
Tom’s dying for that apple.
Tom’s efforts have been rewarded.
Tom’s efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
Tom’s efforts were rewarded.
Tom’s explanation is very elaborate.
Tom’s explanation sounded convincing.
Tom’s explanation was too complex.
Tom’s explanation was too complicated.
Tom’s exploration of sustainable farming techniques has helped his garden thrive.
Tom’s eyes are bloodshot.
Tom’s eyes searched the crowded room.
Tom’s eyes weren’t yet accustomed to the dark, so he couldn’t see a thing.
Tom’s eyesight isn’t as good as it used to be.
Tom’s face feels rough because he needs to shave.
Tom’s face is red.
Tom’s family lives in Boston.
Tom’s family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
Tom’s family vacations in the mountains every summer.
Tom’s father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long.
Tom’s father is in jail.
Tom’s favorite Elvis Presley song is "Jailhouse Rock."
Tom’s favorite singer is always changing.
Tom’s favorite vehicle is a 1960 Ford truck.
Tom’s fever is getting worse.
Tom’s field of study is law.
Tom’s fingerprint was evidence that he was there.
Tom’s fingers got smashed while working on the assembly line.
Tom’s first instinct was to run away.
Tom’s flight was delayed.
Tom’s flight was postponed for three hours.
Tom’s footsteps echoed in the hallway.
Tom’s friends called him Mr Money Bags.
Tom’s friends were very kind when he lost his job.
Tom’s funeral will be this weekend.
Tom’s garden is a living testament to his environmental values.
Tom’s garden is a sanctuary for local wildlife.
Tom’s girlfriend saw him with another girl.
Tom’s glow comes from his healthy habits.
Tom’s goal is to own a home before he’s thirty.
Tom’s grades have been slipping, so he really needs to hit the books.
Tom’s grandmother looks healthy.
Tom’s great-grandfather was born blind.
Tom’s great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
Tom’s great-great-great grandmother lived in Scotland.
Tom’s hairline is receding.
Tom’s hands felt like ice.
Tom’s hands were tied behind his back.
Tom’s hat blew off.
Tom’s healthy lifestyle brings out his natural beauty.
Tom’s heart raced with excitement.
Tom’s heart suddenly began to beat faster.
Tom’s hobby is collecting photos of cars.
Tom’s hope was to win first prize.
Tom’s house doesn’t have a garage.
Tom’s house is easy to find.
Tom’s house is for sale.
Tom’s house is just down the street from here.
Tom’s house is just down the street.
Tom’s house is near Mary’s school.
Tom’s house is near the church he goes to.
Tom’s house is only three blocks away from here.
Tom’s job creates extreme stress.
Tom’s kindness affected her.
Tom’s lack of compassion surprised Mary.
Tom’s lawyer didn’t think that the jury would think that Mary was a reliable witness.
Tom’s leaving the company. At least that’s what he told me.
Tom’s leg is healing.
Tom’s living room was tastefully furnished.
Tom’s loan request was turned down.
Tom’s looking for work.
Tom’s lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
Tom’s meeting with his boss was very tense.
Tom’s mom caught the flu.
Tom’s mother and sister had breast cancer.
Tom’s mother chased Tom as he ran naked around the lobby.
Tom’s mother died just one week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom’s mother is a nurse at the hospital that’s across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom’s mother is a very good cook.
Tom’s mother kept his graduation picture on the mantel.
Tom’s mother told him that he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Tom’s mother worries about his cough.
Tom’s mouth is really blue.
Tom’s muscles were tired and he wanted to get home and soak in a hot bath for a while.
Tom’s new shirt shrunk when he washed it and now it doesn’t fit.
Tom’s not breathing.
Tom’s not in the office.
Tom’s older daughter is still unmarried.
Tom’s operation was going to cost a small fortune.
Tom’s opinions don’t carry much weight around here.
Tom’s parents congratulated him on his engagement.
Tom’s parents don’t want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married.
Tom’s parents were both teachers.
Tom’s part-time job is delivering pizzas.
Tom’s partner thought that they should also sell gourmet popcorn seasonings.
Tom’s persistence paid off in the end.
Tom’s plane leaves for Boston at 2:30 p.m.
Tom’s probably sick and tired of the way Mary’s been behaving lately.
Tom’s problem is that he lives in his own bubble.
Tom’s problems are nothing compared to Mary’s.
Tom’s proposal was denied.
Tom’s purpose in college is to get a degree.
Tom’s question caught Mary completely off-guard.
Tom’s report leaves much to be desired.
Tom’s response was immediate.
Tom’s room is only slightly larger than Mary’s.
Tom’s routine helps him maintain balance.
Tom’s routine keeps him feeling grounded.
Tom’s school day is divided into six periods.
Tom’s sentence was 25 hours of community service.
Tom’s shadow stretched across the sidewalk.
Tom’s shot missed the target by two feet.
Tom’s sister Mary is now in Boston.
Tom’s skin reflects his healthy habits.
Tom’s skincare routine is part of his self-care.
Tom’s so old.
Tom’s son was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
Tom’s speech was excellent.
Tom’s speech was quite interesting.
Tom’s taste in music is similar to mine.
Tom’s the same age as Mary.
Tom’s third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Tom’s train left five minutes ago.
Tom’s troublemaking days are over.
Tom’s uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
Tom’s unwillingness to help surprised Mary.
Tom’s wallet is almost empty.
Tom’s way of speaking gets on my nerves.
Tom’s way of speaking got on my nerves.
Tom’s way of talking gets on my nerves.
Tom’s wife is pregnant with their second child.
Tom’s wife keeps him on such a short rope.
Tom’s wife would probably leave him if she knew the truth.
Tom’s work environment was good.
Tom’s work is selling second-hand cars.
Tom’s younger daughter is married.
Ton doesn't want you.
Ton feels like Mewi doesn’t sleep a good amount.
Ton said that he wants a person to do this.
Ton said “Hi!” and has a smile.
Ton, speak.
Tone of voice can indicate anger and irony.
Tone of voice can indicate feelings.
Tonga - unique among Pacific nations - never completely lost its indigenous governance.
Tonga has a reasonably sound basic infrastructure and well developed social services.
Tonga is in Polynesia.
Tongue and groove.
Tongue in cheek, so to say...
Toni didn't know our names.
Toni speaks English better than me.
Tonic water contains quinine.
Tonight I am in high spirits, as if flying weightlessly through the sky.
Tonight I am reading a book.
Tonight I don't want to do anything.
Tonight I feel like doing something!
Tonight I had a dream in which I was dancing long and sensuously with a beautiful young woman who had fallen in love with me and for whom I felt an irresistible attraction.
Tonight I have guests.
Tonight I leave for Astrakhan!
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
Tonight I tried making curry with kidney beans instead of chickpeas, and my mother, who was tired of chickpeas, really liked it.
Tonight I will travel for business to Chile.
Tonight I'd like to go to the movies.
Tonight I'll be staying late at work.
Tonight I'll drink a lot and I'll dance.
Tonight I'll light the fire, we'll stay warm.
Tonight I'll make dinner.
Tonight I'll say eight sentences to you.
Tonight I'm available.
Tonight I'm free.
Tonight I'm getting drunk!
Tonight I'm going to see an old friend.
Tonight I'm going to stay at home and watch TV.
Tonight I'm going to the movies.
Tonight I've got to get ready for tomorrow.
Tonight Ivan has guests.
Tonight I’ve got to do get ready for tomorrow.
Tonight Liisa and Markku were in the mood to whoop it up.
Tonight a comet will be visible.
Tonight belongs to the fireflies and the bats—and the werewolves.
Tonight could be the night.
Tonight has been much colder than last night.
Tonight has been terribly cold.
Tonight he only has eyes for you.
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
Tonight is a full moon.
Tonight is a night I won't ever forget.
Tonight is a night I'll never forget.
Tonight is going to be awesome.
Tonight is parents' evening for our class.
Tonight is the night.
Tonight is your turn.
Tonight is yours.
Tonight it's your turn.
Tonight let's have a girls night.
Tonight my demons are coming to get me.
Tonight of all nights, the door is locked.
Tonight sounds good.
Tonight the King of Hell returns.
Tonight the earth trembled.
Tonight the sky is full of stars.
Tonight there is a performance of a known cabaret artist.
Tonight there'll be a storm.
Tonight there's a huge halo around the moon.
Tonight there's a new moon.
Tonight there's going to be a storm.
Tonight there’s a fireworks show.
Tonight was also a windless night.
Tonight was tough.
Tonight we are going to hear an address by our chairman.
Tonight we are planning to go to the concert.
Tonight we celebrate.
Tonight we have to eat dinner late because of the meeting.
Tonight we saw a night of dance by some of the world's top contemporary choreographers.
Tonight we will eat grilled eels.
Tonight we will make up our minds.
Tonight we'll eat in the garden by candlelight.
Tonight we'll let our hair down.
Tonight we're going to church.
Tonight we’re going to church.
Tonight will be fine. Let's make it for 6:00.
Tonight will be fine. Let’s make it for 6:00.
Tonight would be better.
Tonight you can stay up as late as you like.
Tonight you're gonna see why I despise that woman.
Tonight's going to be fun.
Tonight's going to be perfect.
Tonight's movie will be "Twins".
Tonight's not the night.
Tonight's party is BYOB.
Tonight's party will be boring.
Tonight's sky is strange!
Tonight's the night.
Tonight, Carlos cooked couscous and it turned out awful.
Tonight, I feel like going out.
Tonight, I want to eat pizza.
Tonight, I'd like to eat a pizza.
Tonight, I'll go to my childhood friend's wedding.
Tonight, I'll have to do an interview.
Tonight, I'll miss you.
Tonight, I'll stay at home.
Tonight, I'll take you out to treat you to a fine-dining experience.
Tonight, I'm cooking my speciality.
Tonight, I'm going to the cinema.
Tonight, I'm gonna meet my idol.
Tonight, Tom sang better than usual.
Tonight, a coffin will be our wedding bed.
Tonight, a local composer will debut a symphony of his own.
Tonight, a young man got into the enclosure and tried to sexually abuse some sheep.
Tonight, it's couscous.
Tonight, it's snowing.
Tonight, let's all go dancing.
Tonight, the King of Hell returns.
Tonight, the Middle East is boiling like a witch's cauldron.
Tonight, there is a possibility that it will rain.
Tonight, there's a good movie at the cinema.
Tonight, we feast!
Tonight, we had fun drawing up our family tree together.
Tonight, we will go to the opera.
Tonight, we will make up our minds.
Tonight, we'll be eating leftovers.
Tonight, we'll have an assortment for dinner.
Tonight, you should feel good.
Tonight’s movie will be "Twins".
Tonny knows how to hold the attention of listeners.
Tons of Sahara dust get transported to northern Algeria.
Tons of confidential documents were leaked to Julian Assange's website, Wikileaks.
Tons of documents were leaked to Julian Assange's website, Wikileaks.
Tons of new music comes out every day.
Tons of waste are produced every day in the country.
Tony Blair claimed that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. That's why NATO attacked Iraq and destroyed it halfly, but no WMD was found. They didn't apologize and didn't pay compensation.
Tony and I played together yesterday.
Tony and his mother arrived at the farmhouse and walked through the farmyard.
Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
Tony ate his meals in the kitchen and he slept in a little room at the top of the farmhouse.
Tony broke it.
Tony can play tennis very well.
Tony can run fast.
Tony can run fastest in our class.
Tony can run the fastest in our class.
Tony can speak English as well as you can.
Tony carved his name in a tree with a knife.
Tony carved his name on a tree with a knife.
Tony cooked breakfast.
Tony could see a river and an old bridge.
Tony did not feel poor.
Tony did not know their names.
Tony did not often hear music.
Tony did not want to work in a shop or a factory.
Tony gave us a piece of helpful advice.
Tony has a beautiful voice.
Tony has a nice voice.
Tony has lived in Kumamoto since last year.
Tony hates wasting food, but this time his eyes were bigger than his stomach.
Tony heard her voice and stopped playing the piano.
Tony is a fast runner.
Tony is a polite boy.
Tony is a very good tennis player.
Tony is a very tall boy.
Tony is a well-behaved boy.
Tony is performing.
Tony is playing.
Tony jogs every day.
Tony jogs once or twice a year.
Tony lives in Kobe.
Tony looked down at his dirty old shoes.
Tony missed the lottery by one number.
Tony owns this book.
Tony realized that if he hired another crew, got more customers and did the job quicker and sloppier, he could make more money.
Tony runs every day.
Tony said he didn't know.
Tony said, "I like it."
Tony saw green fields and small, quiet villages.
Tony sometimes visited his family.
Tony speaks English as well as you do.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
Tony speaks English better than I do.
Tony speaks English just as well as you do.
Tony speaks English just as well as you.
Tony speaks English the best in our class.
Tony speaks English well.
Tony speaks good English.
Tony speaks without stopping.
Tony started dating Angela five months ago.
Tony stood at the door.
Tony studies after dinner.
Tony thought about the factory and the shops.
Tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it.
Tony was a good, strong boy.
Tony was happy.
Tony was not busy then.
Tony went to Boston for the purpose of carrying out an important business transaction.
Tony's voice is nice.
Tonya has a beautiful voice.
Tonya likes jambol fruit.
Tony’s voice is nice.
Too Much Too Young by The Specials reached number one in the UK Singles Chart in 1980.
Too bad I can't paint like that.
Too bad I couldn't do it with you.
Too bad I didn't wait for your response before I added the sentences.
Too bad I wasted so much money.
Too bad I'm too young to drive a car.
Too bad Schrödinger isn't around to see the increasing interest in his cat.
Too bad Tom and Mary aren't here to show us what to do.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't here to do that today.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't here to help us today.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't there to show us what to do.
Too bad Tom isn't here to show us what to do.
Too bad Tom wasn't here to do that today.
Too bad Tom wasn't here to help us today.
Too bad Tom wasn't there to show us what to do.
Too bad for the beautiful roses.
Too bad for them.
Too bad he's getting off at the next port.
Too bad if you do not exist, nor do you free yourself!
Too bad it's not that one!
Too bad nobody cares.
Too bad she's with her friends.
Too bad there are so few Chaouis to launch their cry from the heart in their language! I don't need to listen to what he says in Arabic to empathize with their millennial pain!
Too bad we weren't able to do that.
Too bad you couldn't come to the party.
Too bad you have to leave already.
Too bad you married the wrong person.
Too bad!
Too bad! Too few rich people donate to the orphanage.
Too bad! You were almost there!
Too bad, it's the last one now.
Too bad, you need to leave for Japan.
Too bad, you two seemed made for each other.
Too bad.
Too big a goal can be just as demotivating as one that's too small.
Too bitter.
Too expensive!
Too few of America’s students are meaningfully engaged by their academic experience while in high school.
Too few red blood cells or too little hemoglobin in the blood can lead to anemia.
Too good to be true, eh?
Too good to be true.
Too greasy!
Too high expectations are often a cause for disappointment.
Too high!
Too late!
Too late! The wall magazine is ready to be published!
Too late! Tom has already left.
Too late, Tom.
Too late.
Too late. She's already seen us.
Too lengthy. One can cook coffee during that time.
Too little is just as bad as too much.
Too little salt is better than too much.
Too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again.
Too long!
Too long; didn't read.
Too many Confederate soldiers had fallen in battle.
Too many alternatives lead to a bad choice.
Too many books to read is a good thing.
Too many children have died.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
Too many expedients may spoil a business.
Too many hands in the kitchen for me.
Too many irons in the fire result in bad workmanship.
Too many pages makes life hard for your visitors.
Too many people are dying.
Too many people are getting hurt.
Too many people are getting injured.
Too many people are getting sick.
Too many people are indifferent to politics.
Too many people are uninsured.
Too many people have already been hurt.
Too many people have already died.
Too many people have gotten hurt.
Too many people have serious issues with Italian language.
Too many people have serious issues with the Italian language.
Too many people have serious problems with Italian language.
Too many people have serious problems with the Italian language.
Too many people in the world are unhappy with their lot. And then they retire and they become vegetables. I think retirement in any profession is death, so I'm determined to keep crackin'.
Too many sun's rays are harmful to your skin.
Too many sun’s rays are harmful to your skin.
Too many sweets cause your teeth to decay.
Too many sweets make you fat.
Too many trees deprive a house of light.
Too many young girls are starving themselves to look like the models they see in magazines.
Too much Botox can give you a frozen look.
Too much air pressure can damage the patient's lungs.
Too much alcohol blunts our feelings.
Too much alcohol may result in gastric disease.
Too much alcohol paralyzes our perceptive powers.
Too much bread makes you sick.
Too much cocoa can mess with your head.
Too much confidence attracts danger.
Too much confidence is harmful.
Too much confidence leads to treachery.
Too much cortisol interferes with learning and memory. High cortisol levels also increase the risk of depression and mental health problems. Testosterone, on the other hand, is the hormone linked to assertiveness and confidence.
Too much drinking can be harmful to your health.
Too much drinking may be hazardous to your health.
Too much drinking will make you sick.
Too much drinking will make your life a ruin.
Too much exercise can do more harm than good.
Too much exercise does more harm than good.
Too much has changed.
Too much humility is pride.
Too much information can confuse our brains.
Too much information was presented all at once. Taking it in was like drinking from a fire hose.
Too much information!
Too much is as bad as too little.
Too much is at stake.
Too much is too much!
Too much knowledge makes the head bald.
Too much liberty spoils all.
Too much light hurts the eye.
Too much makeup can mask individuality.
Too much mischief is dangerous to your neck.
Too much money makes its owner unhappy.
Too much money?
Too much nitrogen is just as harmful as too little.
Too much noise to get a few results.
Too much of a good thing is wonderful!
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
Too much of a good thing.
Too much of anything is bad, but too much good whiskey is barely enough.
Too much of anything is not good.
Too much of me talking.
Too much of what's happening in our country today is not normal.
Too much or too little of anything is never good; it's all about balance.
Too much power causes corruption.
Too much praise will turn her head.
Too much pride may hinder the soul's openness, but healthy pride is the foundation of self-esteem.
Too much rain, especially in the city, can lead to flooding, causing sewers to overflow and carry pollutants and contaminants to nearby streams and waterways.
Too much rest is rust.
Too much salt for my tastes.
Too much salt is bad for you.
Too much salt is bad for your health.
Too much salt will kill the flavor.
Too much salt will spoil the flavor.
Too much saturated fat gives me diarrhea.
Too much smoking tends to injure the voice.
Too much sodium can be deadly.
Too much spoils, too little is nothing.
Too much stress can lead to physical disease.
Too much talk, no work.
Too much water drowned the miller.
Too much work killed him.
Too much.
Too often he asks himself: "Why is everyone happy except me...?"
Too often, in both recent past and long ago, we have seen the consequences when diplomacy is left on the table.
Too often, in capitals, decision-makers have forgotten that democracy needs to be driven by civic engagement from the bottom up, not governance by experts from the top down.
Too often, wisdom is simply prudence that has ground to a halt.
Too right!
Too soon?
Too sore from strength training to do anything else, Tom went to the movies.
Too sweet.
Too.
Toodle-oo!
Took you a while to wake up.
Tool was a great concert.
Toot toot.
Toot.
Tooth decay occurs if you don't brush your teeth on a regular basis.
Tooth enamel is mostly composed of hydroxyapatite.
Tooth enamel is the hardest substance in your body.
Toothache is one of the worst pains I've been through.
Toothed whales, including dolphins, porpoises, sperm whales and orcas, use sharp, pointed teeth to catch fish and other large prey.
Toothpaste is alkaline.
Toots Zynsky helped invent a special machine that produces the glass threads which are a signature of her pieces.
Top among suitable topics is the weather.
Top athletes often are held to high standards, both on and off the field. So when they are accused of cheating or using performance-enhancing drugs, or simply unsportsmanlike conduct, it can be a shock to their fans.
Top cities by population — New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington — offer the most internships. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, these cities are among the most expensive in the country.
Top elite forces undergo intense physical and psychological training.
Top executives used loopholes to hoard more money and power for themselves.
Top health officials have been trying to quell these fears.
Top of the class!
Top seed Saori Obata of Japan has been upset in the first round of the Indian Open tennis tournament in Hyderabad. Obata was beaten by compatriot Yuka Yoshida in straight sets, 6-4, 6-2.
Top seed Silvia Farina Elia of Italy has advanced to the semifinals of the Bell Tennis Challenge in Quebec, Canada with a three-set win over sixth-seed Alexandra Stevenson of the United States.
Top surgery is a joyous thing.
Top temperatures today are between 21 and 23 in the north, with 18 degrees elsewhere.
Top tennis players Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray use graphene-based racquets.
Topaz is a fairly hard gemstone, but it can break with relatively little force if you strike it at the right angle.
Topaz is rated as an 8 on the Mohs Hardness scale, making it an extremely tough gem.
Topless beaches are more common in Europe than in the US.
Toplessness isn't shameful.
Topmodels don't really have a good figure.
Topology is a branch of mathematics.
Topping off the performance with a backflip, the dancer preened in the applause.
Tor is an example of an overlay network.
Tor is useful.
Torah is greater than the priesthood or the monarchy.
Torajiro made it clear that he was in love with me.
Toral belongs to the House of Duras.
Tormented by hunger, a wolf fears nothing.
Tornado alert sirens in the area failed to sound prior to the strike.
Tornadoes and hurricanes can transport viable spores and seeds hundreds of kilometers away.
Tornadoes are very destructive.
Tornadoes form in the flatlands.
Tornike ate a red apple.
Toronto home prices have increased by one third since last year.
Toronto is a city in Canada.
Toronto is the center of the universe.
Toronto isn't in the United States.
Toronto mayor Rob Ford admitted to having smoked crack.
Toronto never disappoints.
Toronto used to be called Fort York.
Toronto's mayor was caught on tape smoking crack.
Torpedoes are armed and ready.
Torpenhow Hill comes from torpen (British "top of a hill") and haugr (Old Norse "hill'), so it's basically Hill-hill Hill.
Torres booted the ball to his teammate.
Torres promised to reactivate the economy, tackle the country's security situation, advocate for those at risk and run an efficient government.
Tortoise goes slowly, but he arrives at the barrel while Roe Deer is sleeping.
Tortoises are reptiles, not amphibians.
Tortoises are sexually dimorphic.
Tortoises are usually cheap.
Tortoises can be great pets.
Tortoises do not have teeth.
Tortoises don't have teeth.
Tortoises grow slowly.
Tortoises need food.
Torture is a crime against humanity.
Torture is against the law.
Torture is wrong.
Torture was used to wring confessions from them.
Torturing me gave them pleasure.
Toru was so drunk that he couldn't walk straight.
Toruń is famous for its gingerbread.
Tory dies.
Tory wants to show he isn't a coward.
Toshiko Tanaka is a survivor of the Hiroshima bombing turned advocate for peace and nuclear disarmament.
Toshio can speak English very well.
Toshio, who do you like?
Toss Tom the ball.
Toss a coin.
Toss a hand grenade into the trench.
Toss her the ball.
Toss him the ball.
Toss it in the trash.
Toss it into the recycling bin.
Toss it into the rubbish bin.
Toss it into the rubbish.
Toss it into the trash bin.
Toss it into the trash.
Toss it there!
Toss me the ball.
Toss me the remote.
Toss me the rope.
Toss the ball back to me.
Toss the ball to Tom.
Toss the ball to her.
Toss the ball to him.
Toss the ball to me.
Toss the ball to them.
Toss the gun in the sea.
Toss the gun onto the table.
Toss your gun on the ground.
Toss your gun over here.
Tosser!
Tot cambièt en pauc de temps.
Total agreement is not required.
Total cash cow.
Total independence is necessary for statehood.
Total tosh.
Totalitarianism is when people are mean to me.
Totally bogus.
Totally radical, man.
Totally tubular! Your skateboard rocks!
Totem poles consist of a group of figures that represent animals, birds, fish, mythological beings and supernatural beasts.
Totila twice defeats the Imperial generals, and retrieves the fortune of the Ostrogoths.
Toto Cutugno said in his song: I'm an Italian, a true one.
Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
Totong wants to travel to outer space.
Totoro makes friends with everyone.
Totoro says: "I can't speak Chinese."
Tottie and Sara are two of the most important and interesting characters.
Tottie is a prophetic figure.
Tottie isn't always rational.
Tottori Prefecture's capital is Tottori City.
Toucans are tropical birds.
Toucans have large, colorful beaks.
Toucans regulate their body temperature by adjusting the flow of blood to their beak.
Touch a document.
Touch an animal to hear its sound.
Touch grass.
Touch his forehead.
Touch it with your bare hands.
Touch it.
Touch me again, and I will end you.
Touch me again, and you'll feel the consequences. Trust me, you won't like it.
Touch me now if you're a man.
Touch my body.
Touch the base of the lamp once to turn it on and twice to turn it off.
Touch wood nothing has happened to him.
Touch wood!
Touch your head.
Touch your knees.
Touch your nose with your left index finger.
Touch your toes.
Touchdown!
Touching her hands was the best thing ever.
Touching invisible buttons floating in the air may seem strange, but so-called spatial computing is a new way of interacting with cars, games and even touchscreens.
Touching people is not OK.
Touching someone's genitals without consent is a violation of personal boundaries.
Touching the sky with glory.
Touching wildlife, or attempting to do so, can injure the animal, put you at risk and may also be illegal for certain species.
Touché!
Toudaiji is the bigger of the two temples.
Tough competition has forced us to lower our prices.
Tough decisions lie ahead.
Tough decisions need to be made.
Tough luck!
Tough roots need to be dug up with a shovel.
Tough shit!
Tough titty!
Toughen up!
Tour operators represent 3,000 companies and 35,000 employees in France.
Tourism also holds a significant place in Kenya's economy.
Tourism could be a huge part of Algeria's economy.
Tourism could be one of Algeria's major industries.
Tourism could become a vital source of foreign currency in Algeria.
Tourism could bring Algeria a big chunk of income.
Tourism employs 17% of the workforce.
Tourism from specialized cruise ships is increasing rapidly.
Tourism generated many new jobs.
Tourism has become the mainstay of the economy.
Tourism has some potential as a source of income and jobs.
Tourism has the potential to contribute towards employment and economic growth, as well as to development in rural, peripheral or less-developed areas.
Tourism is a future key growth area for Algeria.
Tourism is an important source of income for many regions.
Tourism is going to develop in Algeria in the upcoming few years.
Tourism is important to the economy of my country.
Tourism is one of the Algerian government's top priorities.
Tourism is sending people who would live more comfortably in their homes to places that would be more comfortable without them.
Tourism is terrorism.
Tourism is the mainstay of the economy and depends on conditions in the euro-zone countries.
Tourism is the most important sector of our island's economy.
Tourism is the second-largest source of hard currency earnings following remittances.
Tourism is very important for us.
Tourism is very important here.
Tourism is very important to us.
Tourism now plays an important role.
Tourism numbers are down across the world.
Tourism will be a major source of revenue for Algeria.
Tourism will become a key economic sector in Algeria.
Tourism, minerals, coffee, and tea are Rwanda's main sources of foreign exchange.
Tourism, retail sales, and finance comprise more than three-quarters of GDP.
Tourism, the primary economic activity, is the main driver of economic growth.
Tourist Information is on the ground floor of the building.
Tourist numbers in Indonesia swelled last year on the back of overseas advertising and infrastructure development.
Tourists are demanding.
Tourists are drawn to the oceanside town during the summer months.
Tourists are locusts on wheels.
Tourists are out in droves in the city centre.
Tourists are starting to converge on Washington for one of the capital's greatest Springtime celebrations, the blooming of the cherry trees.
Tourists are the main source of income for them.
Tourists can go on a guided tour inside the windmill.
Tourists come here to admire the view.
Tourists don't like visiting places where local people would be gawking at them.
Tourists flock to St Mark's Square every day.
Tourists flock to this attraction.
Tourists flock to this sight.
Tourists from all over the world come here.
Tourists from other countries are starting to flock into Algeria.
Tourists gathered on the pier to watch the dolphins play in the bay.
Tourists have all but disappeared from the capital.
Tourists have been able to visit the site for fifty years.
Tourists have been able to visit the temple for fifty years.
Tourists have increased in number.
Tourists like to come here.
Tourists now fill the narrow streets and alleys of the old centre of town.
Tourists often bought souvenirs in this shop.
Tourists on the French Riviera are being robbed by thieves who gas them as they sleep.
Tourists polluted the place and littered everywhere.
Tourists poured into Karuizawa during the summer vacation.
Tourists should take care to respect local cultures when they are travelling.
Tourists streamed from the railway station to the city centre.
Tourists struggle for breath as they climb for two hours to reach the top of a mountain in the Peruvian Andes.
Tourists take over this island in the summer.
Tourists trashed up the place.
Tourists were standing round the geyser, gawping.
Tourists were streaming from the railway station to the city centre.
Tourists were wandering around the shops.
Tourists will contribute to Algeria's economy.
Tours are available.
Tours are free of charge to the public.
Touted as the one of the most important painters of the 20th century, Spanish artist Salvador Dali transcended geographic borders with his artwork. In fact, one of the world's greatest Dali collections is found in the United States, in Saint Petersburg, in the southeast state of Florida.
Tova is a leftist.
Tova is a reactionary.
Tove was brought up in Finland but spoke Swedish as her first language.
Toward midnight, I fell asleep.
Towards a better tomorrows!
Towards evening a violent storm of rain came on, and the wind was so high that all the windows and doors in the old house shook and rattled.
Towards evening, however, the breaking of a test-tube brought his research to a premature ending.
Towards midnight, I fell asleep.
Towards the end of the 1990s, several Asian countries lived one of their worst health nightmares. A new, highly pathogenic, strain of Avian Influenza known as H5N1 killed hundreds of people. Over the next years, more than 9-million chickens were destroyed in an effort to stem the epidemic. Scientists believe the H5N1 virus was transmitted from wild birds to domestic poultry and pigs, which then passed it to humans. H5N1 is just the latest of various influenza strains that have killed up to 100 million people over the last century.
Towards the end of the lesson the teacher said, "Enough for today."
Towel racks, shower heads, and toilet-roll holders are bathroom accessories.
Towels are sold here.
Tower block A holds a grand library.
Towering high above, there are tall buildings that seem out of place in this countryside.
Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king's orders.
Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king’s orders.
Towns are larger than villages.
Towns are very crowded today.
Towns sprang up all along the railroad.
Toxic fumes of bromine can damage one's lungs.
Toxic gas is being vented into the bunkers.
Toxic people drag other people down to their level.
Toxic people like to spread negativity around.
Toxic people like to spread their misery around.
Toy companies sell dolls that look like the president.
Toy sales peak just before Christmas.
Toyama Prefecture's capital is Toyama City.
Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,000 positions this year.
Toyota's new car sports a hefty price tag.
Toys marketed to girls cost up to 11% more than toys for boys, even when it's the exact same item in different colors.
Toys ‘R’ Us will be closing its doors after seventy years in business.
Trace elements of proven dietary importance do not include polonium-210.
Trace fossils represent the presence or behavior of ancient life, without body parts being present. Footprints, worm burrows, and insect nests are examples of trace fossils.
Trace the shape onto the paper, then cut it out.
Traces of soap were found in the victim's lungs. I suppose they drowned her in the bath.
Traces of the cancer have come back.
Trachoma strikes hardest in remote places like these. Water for washing faces is scarce, and medical care is far away. Trachoma begins as a bacterial eye infection. If left untreated, the infection scars the eyelid, turning the eyelashes inward. The lashes rub painfully up against the eyeball with every blink. Over time, the rubbing scars the cornea, clouding vision and leading to blindness.
Tracing a renegade's family background, you'll find him the black sheep.
Tracing a renegade’s family background, you’ll find him the black sheep.
Track and field is the most interesting part of the Olympic Games.
Track your progress.
Tractors replaced horses and mules.
Tractors should be banned.
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
Tracy has a house and a car.
Tracy lost her glasses.
Tracy possesses a house and a car.
Tracy said he hoped the exhibit "empowered visitors with a sense of optimism about our future."
Tracy, I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
Trade barriers were lifted after the war ended.
Trade between the two countries has been steadily growing.
Trade between two countries can be complex.
Trade companies aim at a new market in Asia.
Trade friction might arise between the nations at any moment.
Trade friction might arise between the two nations at any moment.
Trade helps nations develop.
Trade increased the country's wealth.
Trade increased the country’s wealth.
Trade is getting depressed.
Trade is important, with exports accounting for over one-third of GDP in recent years.
Trade is the school of trickery.
Trade knows neither friends or kindred.
Trade leads to national progress.
Trade ministers gathered in Manila for a three-day meeting say the deal will sharply increase trade between ASEAN and Japan, which already tops 160 billion dollars.
Trade winds are winds that blow predominantly from the northeast in the Northern Hemisphere and from the southeast in the Southern Hemisphere.
Trademark protection extends only to national borders.
Trademarks placed on the site shall not be used or reproduced in any matter without permission.
Traders lost fortunes due to small movements in the price of option contracts.
Tradesmen who do not fulfil commitments are incredibly annoying.
Trading partners are leaning on Japan to clarify its trade policy.
Trading was slow today after yesterday's market decline.
Trading was slow today after yesterday’s market decline.
Trading with Japan is not easy.
Tradition holds that writing first appeared in the Sumerian period, three and a half millennia before the common era.
Tradition is always right.
Tradition is only an excuse for sloppiness.
Tradition isn't really my thing.
Tradition isn't the worship of ashes, but the handing off of the flame.
Tradition, always busy, at least in Scotland, to grace with a legendary tale a spot in itself interesting, had ascribed a cause of peculiar veneration to this fountain.
Tradition, as such, should be respected.
Traditional Chinese characters are used in Taiwan.
Traditional Halloween celebrations like trick or treating have been discouraged by U.S. health authorities to prevent the spread of COVID19.
Traditional Islamic beliefs shouldn't intertwine themselves with modern politics in Algeria.
Traditional Japanese furniture is made without using any nails or screws.
Traditional Japanese houses are held together with wooden joints.
Traditional Japanese sweets really do go well with Japanese tea.
Traditional Javanese villages partitioned their most essential resource into house land and rice land.
Traditional Kabyle houses have attics.
Traditional Rajasthan minstrels Babu and Seru annually travel to perform at the fair with their families. They have long been keen observers of the camel trade, and say a top camel can be worth 50,000 Indian rupees — just over $1,000.
Traditional Russian cottages are built from wood.
Traditional Russian festivals and celebrations, such as Maslenitsa and Troitsa, are vibrant and joyous expressions of the country's cultural heritage.
Traditional Russian houses are made from wood.
Traditional Russian houses are made out of wood.
Traditional Thanksgiving gatherings seem custom-made to spread the coronavirus.
Traditional crafts, including carpet weaving and pottery, are highly valued in Afghanistan.
Traditional culture has rebounded as can be seen by the popularity of lezginka — a dance where women float like long-necked swans, and men strut like eagles, wearing swords and imitation cartridge belts.
Traditional embroidery requires a lot of patience.
Traditional fogging mists miss many of the hidden insects, and it can take several expensive visits, plus wholesale laundering of all your linens and clothing, to get rid of them.
Traditional handicrafts like carpet weaving and pottery are still practiced in Algeria.
Traditional hula dancers did not wear grass skirts.
Traditional medicine often utilizes herbs.
Traditional music, poetry, and dance are integral parts of Afghan heritage, with notable figures such as the poet Rumi having roots in the region.
Traditional stores, such as greengrocers and fishmongers, are becoming less and less popular due to the rise of supermarkets and other mass retailers.
Traditional values are relative.
Traditional vegans don't wear leather or ride horses, in addition to eating nothing that comes from an animal.
Traditional viewpoints gave place to new ones.
Traditional viewpoints gave way to new ones.
Traditionalism means that one prefers a silver salt shaker which does not pour any salt over one from plastic which actually pours salt.
Traditionally on April 1st, people pull pranks on each other.
Traditionally speaking, a Jew is either the child of a Jewish woman or a convert.
Traditionally speaking, veganism is more than a diet, as it means not exploiting animals in any way.
Traditionally, G-20 summits are staid affairs and despite the fact consensus on trade, development and climate issues regularly eludes the gatherings, at least efforts are made to conjure up formal bonhomie.
Traditionally, Indians who drink alcohol have chosen whisky, rum and other locally-distilled spirits.
Traditionally, Spaniards have one first name and two last names.
Traditionally, Zoroastrians do not bury or burn dead bodies or throw them into water, but expose them to vultures.
Traditionally, fire engines are usually red.
Traditionally, fire trucks are usually red.
Traditionally, gentlemen hold doors open for ladies.
Traditionally, men were expected to take the lead in courtship.
Traditionally, mothers taught their daughters to cook and sew.
Traditionally, the patty goes between the hamburger buns.
Traditions help to recreate the home's atmosphere.
Traditions no longer make any sense.
Tradwife influencers are mostly very happy to be able to make their own money off of cosplaying a male fantasy.
Traffic accidents are increasing in number.
Traffic accidents are increasing year by year.
Traffic accidents are likely to occur on rainy days.
Traffic accidents are pretty common here.
Traffic accidents are quite common here.
Traffic accidents are rising.
Traffic accidents are very frequent here.
Traffic accidents frequently happen here.
Traffic accidents happen daily.
Traffic accidents happen every day.
Traffic accidents occur more frequently when it is raining than when it is not.
Traffic accidents occur more often when it's raining than when it's not.
Traffic and passers-by stopped as they were slowly seen off from the little village.
Traffic calming is more effective at improving safety than merely ticketing speeders.
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
Traffic congestion has increased.
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
Traffic fines double when workers are present.
Traffic gridlock, soaring property prices and the influx of migrant workers are putting pressure on the country's laidback lifestyle.
Traffic has been halted.
Traffic has gone down considerably.
Traffic has increased here.
Traffic here has gotten worse over the years.
Traffic in Manhattan is a problem.
Traffic in ivory is illegal.
Traffic in the city centre has come to a standstill.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
Traffic is a problem in Manhattan.
Traffic is all tied up.
Traffic is bad in Algiers.
Traffic is bad today.
Traffic is being diverted around roadworks in the city centre.
Traffic is being diverted because of flooding.
Traffic is being diverted onto Highway 7.
Traffic is busy here.
Traffic is heavy around here.
Traffic is heavy on this street.
Traffic is slow here especially in the morning.
Traffic is slow moving.
Traffic laws are strictly enforced.
Traffic lights are used to direct traffic.
Traffic lights are used to regulate traffic.
Traffic lights have three colours: red, amber and green.
Traffic lights work all the time.
Traffic may back up.
Traffic noise is very harsh to the ear.
Traffic on the ring road is being diverted because of flooding.
Traffic on the street was really terrible.
Traffic on this road has been disrupted due to flooding.
Traffic was also disrupted including the suspension of the Akita, Tohoku bullet train.
Traffic was at a standstill.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Traffic was building up behind the gritter.
Traffic was halted for several hours.
Traffic was immediately halted.
Traffic was light.
Traffic was moving very slowly on the bridge.
Traffic was very heavy.
Traffic will be rerouted.
Traffic's crazy today.
Traffic's really bad on Park Street.
Tragedies happen every day.
Tragedy can happen quickly.
Tragedy fell over the town.
Tragedy is a powerful unifying factor for a nation's people.
Tragedy is a powerful unifying factor for a nation’s people.
Tragedy is the entertainment of the nobles.
Trails leading to the top and bottom of the falls are popular among sunbathers, swimmers, and fishermen, so plan on having company unless you arrive earlier.
Trails were crisscrossing in every direction.
Train Ziri.
Train compartments soon get cramped.
Train or lose.
Train services have been disrupted by the bad weather.
Train services have returned to normal after the strike.
Train surfing is India's national sport.
Train your brain to think about positive things.
Train your will!
Train your willpower!
Training conditions workers to react quickly to an emergency.
Training flies sounds like great fun.
Training for a marathon is taxing.
Training is going great.
Training is going well.
Training is not a luxury, it's an investment.
Training is very important.
Training programs and capacity-building initiatives can help local government officials in Algeria develop the skills and knowledge necessary to manage their responsibilities effectively.
Training usually takes place in small groups.
Training will be provided.
Training with them is not a game.
Training your muscles can be hard, but is worth it.
Trains are empty on Fridays.
Trains are running on schedule.
Trains come more often than buses.
Trains come much more often than buses.
Trains don't go there.
Trains follow a schedule.
Trains have been suspended owing to multiple fallen trees.
Trains race through this tunnel at forty miles an hour.
Trains rattled overhead.
Trains run every day except Sunday.
Trains run on rails.
Trains stop running at midnight.
Trains stopped in consequence of the heavy rain.
Trains were arriving on time.
Trains were disrupted due to a thunderstorm.
Traitor!
Traitors rarely act alone.
Traitors who prevail are patriots; usurpers who succeed are divine emperors.
Traitors will be deported.
Trajan preceded Hadrian as emperor of Rome.
Trajano was born in Spain.
Trams are powered by electricity.
Trams like that don't drive anymore.
Trams run on electricity.
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh's city centre (which is only two miles away).
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh’s city centre (which is only two miles away).
Tran has been promised full compensation, but friends working at smaller, less prestigious venues may not get paid for canceled performances.
Trang and Vinh went to the museum.
Trang asked if she could share my bed.
Trang gave an unusually expensive Christmas gift to Sysko.
Trang has been working very hard on porting features from the old design to the new design.
Trang is as pretty as Dorenda.
Trang is such a beautiful woman.
Trang needs fish oil.
Trang's party was as much fun as a funeral wake.
Trang's party was like a wake.
Trang, when are you going to update Tatoeba?
Trang’s party was as much fun as a funeral wake.
Trang’s party was like a wake.
Trans Americans are four times more likely to be victims of violent crime than cis Americans.
Trans boys and men are referred to by the anti-trans lobby as confused girls victimized by a shadowy industry, denying their agency and ignoring their own views on the matter.
Trans children are allowed to socially transition, but the first medical treatment available to them is puberty blockers when they are adolescents. These are completely reversible.
Trans fats are bad for your health.
Trans ideology is becoming a faith-based movement.
Trans ideology is becoming a religion.
Trans men are men.
Trans men aren't women who become men, but men who have a medical condition.
Trans minors receiving gender-affirming care experienced a 73% reduction in suicidality.
Trans people are in a similar situation to Jews in the sense that there are far more freaks obsessed with us than there are of us.
Trans people are increasingly being forced to move from their homes in more conservative U.S. states to more liberal states, though not all have the ability.
Trans people are real. Trust the science.
Trans people can double jump.
Trans people didn't invent the prefix "cis-."
Trans people do not "choose" to be trans. Trans people ARE trans. Just like sexual orientation isn't a choice, neither is gender identity. Just a quick reminder to those stuck in the 12th century.
Trans people have no representation in the UK. Both parties have become maliciously, sadistically transphobic.
Trans people need to arm ourselves and learn to defend ourselves if we haven't already done so.
Trans people should arm themselves.
Trans people who are supported by their families and communities experience significantly fewer mental health issues, have a far lower suicide risk, and their lives have better outlooks in general.
Trans pornography enjoys the most popularity in the most transphobic U.S. states.
Trans refugees need financial assistance as well.
Trans rights are human rights.
Trans surgeries have some of the lowest regret rates of any surgeries.
Trans surgery regret is more rare than knee replacement surgery regret, and no one is asking that the latter be banned.
Trans women are women.
Trans women aren't men who become women, but women who have a medical condition.
Trans women experience a grossly disproportionate amount of rape in men's prisons.
Trans women in sports is an issue that really tugs at how people feel, making them neglect the facts in front of them.
Trans women over 50 who have been on hormone therapy for at least 5-10 years need regular breast cancer screenings, typically with a gynecologist.
Trans women usually don't need breast implants.
Trans women who have had bottom surgery may need pelvic examinations by a gynecologist.
Transaction has failed, please refer to the errors list for more information.
Transaction has failed.
Transatlantic flights are among the most profitable parts of Air France-KLM's business.
Transceivers are used primarily, but not exclusively, commercially.
Transcending time, the insects of ages gone past dance livelily in amber.
Transcom Mobile launched Samsung e-store in Bangladesh.
Transcribe this manuscript.
Transfer to another team.
Transferring to the Keiyō Line from other lines at Tokyo Station is extremely cumbersome.
Transform big problems into small ones, and small problems into none.
Transform how you see the world.
Transformation is birth and death at the same time.
Transforming a collection of words into a well-formatted sentence is a quite an achievement, especially in English.
Transforming old buildings is a sustainable way to add new housing, especially since most of the infrastructure, including roads and public transportation, is often already in place.
Transgender medicines are all off patent.
Transgender people are human beings, not conversation pieces.
Transgenderism isn't an ideology, but a state of being.
Transgression was normal.
Transhumance can also be an international manifestation of lucid peasants who resist the dictates of the administration.
Transhumance, the seasonal droving of livestock along migratory routes in the Mediterranean and in the Alps, was recognized as part of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO.
Transience is as old as eternity.
Transistors are made of solid materials such as silicon or germanium whose electrical properties lie somewhere between conductors and insulators: they are semiconductors.
Transition helps trans people. Trust the science.
Transits occur when a planet passes in front of its host star from our perspective, briefly and regularly dimming its light.
Translate Japanese into English.
Translate Persian literature into Esperanto.
Translate a few proverbs into Esperanto about eating and/or obesity.
Translate a sentence several times from one language to another and you'll find yourself with something totally different from the original.
Translate a sentence several times from one language to another and you’ll find yourself with something totally different from the original.
Translate all the lines of this text.
Translate and be quiet!
Translate and shut up!
Translate each word into Berber.
Translate every line of this text.
Translate from English to Esperanto.
Translate instead of adding new sentences, you idiots.
Translate instead of chattering!
Translate into the foreign language using clear and appropriate words.
Translate it for Tom.
Translate it with Google Translate.
Translate it, please.
Translate it.
Translate me! Translate me!
Translate my sentences.
Translate sentences.
Translate the book into another language.
Translate the first and second sentences.
Translate the following sentence.
Translate the following sentences into French.
Translate the following sentences into Indonesian.
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
Translate the passage word for word.
Translate the report into Berber.
Translate the sentence into Esperanto.
Translate the text, please.
Translate the underlined part.
Translate the underlined sentences.
Translate the word.
Translate the words between the brackets.
Translate these sentences into French.
Translate these sentences.
Translate this book into English.
Translate this book into French.
Translate this for me!
Translate this into English, please.
Translate this into French, please.
Translate this into French.
Translate this sentence and win a prize.
Translate this sentence into English.
Translate this sentence into French.
Translate this sentence now!
Translate this sentence now, in as many languages as possible!
Translate this sentence.
Translate this short sentence.
Translate this text.
Translate this to English, please.
Translate this word.
Translate this! And that. And this. But not that!
Translate this, please!
Translate this.
Translate.
Translated into many languages, The International has been and is still singing symbol of social struggles around the world.
Translated, "Tokyo" means "eastern capital."
Translating a sentence into Toki Pona is equivalent to expressing its meaning in concrete terms and in a very simple way.
Translating a text requires a certain level of knowledge.
Translating and interpreting are big responsibilities.
Translating and interpreting the various languages requires money, time, and energy.
Translating for Tatoeba is a good way of spending your leisure time.
Translating for Tatoeba is a good way to spend your free time.
Translating from one language to the other makes room for a lot of mistakes and unnatural speech.
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better.
Translating into Toki Pona is always a challenge to the resources we have to express our thoughts.
Translating is a fine writing exercise.
Translating is a great pleasure for me. I wouldn't do it otherwise.
Translating is an academic profession.
Translating is exhausting.
Translating is fun.
Translating is hard work.
Translating is like creating a sculpture from a block of solid marble.
Translating is my passion.
Translating is not as hard as interpreting.
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.
Translating is playing with words.
Translating is super exciting!
Translating is tedious to me!
Translating is the best way to study two languages at the same time.
Translating is very tiring.
Translating languages is very difficult.
Translating literally is difficult. Translating idiomatically is even harder.
Translating literally is not always the best option.
Translating poems is often difficult.
Translating puns is an especially difficult exercise.
Translating sentences at Tatoeba sometimes seems like Sisyphean labor.
Translating sentences can't be that addictive.
Translating sentences is good for your brain.
Translating sentences is not an easy task.
Translating sentences on Tatoeba is more fun than doing homework.
Translating sentences one by one is too slow for you? You want to increase your rank in Tatoeba, or the rank of your language, at the speed of light? So this is for you!
Translating takes more than linguistic knowledge. It also takes a considerable knowledge about the respective cultures.
Translating that sentence literally was a stupid mistake. The meaning was totally different.
Translating that text will be very easy.
Translating this material calls for a lot of patience.
Translating this poem is too much for me.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
Translating this text will be very easy.
Translating this text will be very simple.
Translating wears a person out.
Translation features are becoming commonplace.
Translation helps us to better know our native language.
Translation here is not fundamental.
Translation is a channel that makes communication easier and more effective.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
Translation is a precious experience, learning with proven effectiveness.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
Translation is always a treason, and as a Ming author observes, can at its best be only the reverse side of a brocade,â€”all the threads are there, but not the subtlety of colour or design.
Translation is always a treason, and as a Ming author observes, can at its best be only the reverse side of a brocade,—all the threads are there, but not the subtlety of colour or design.
Translation is an art of expression.
Translation is an art, not a science.
Translation is an art, which mainly requires patience.
Translation is as much artistry as it is comprehension.
Translation is at best an echo.
Translation is by no means easy.
Translation is easier than reverse translation.
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.
Translation is like toilet paper: No one thinks about it until they need it.
Translation is not transliteration.
Translation is the art of failure.
Translation is the language of Europe.
Translation is the paradigm, the exemplar of all writing. It is translation that demonstrates most vividly the yearning for transformation that underlies every act involving speech, that supremely human gift.
Translation isn't as simple as it seems to many people.
Translation requires the utmost care. When you least expect it, mistakes happen.
Translation wasn't a job Yanni saw himself doing.
Translations are like lovers- the beautiful ones are never faithful, and the faithful ones are never beautiful.
Translations are nothing more than interpretations of the original.
Translations are rarely faithful. As the Italians say, "traduttore, traditore" (translator, traitor).
Translations are rarely faithful. As the Italians say: "Translators are traitors".
Translations can provide explanations to what has been said.
Translations inevitably lead to loss of nuances.
Translations of texts from English are more frequent than translations towards English.
Translator's note: keikaku means "plan."
Translator, traitor.
Translators are a gift to humanity.
Translators are daring fighters who attack the Tower of Babel.
Translators are responsible people who interpret.
Translators are the sworn enemies of jokes; the exigencies of their deplorable trade cause them to maul the poor little things about while they are putting them into new clothes, and the result is death, or at the least an appearance of vacuous senescence; but jokes are only the crystallization of humour; it exists also in less tangible forms, such as style and all that collection of effects vaguely lumped together and called "atmosphere."
Translators do their best work when they translate into their mother tongue.
Translators don't receive copyright fees for their works.
Translators often tend, consciously or not, to "explain" a text by making it more logical than the original.
Transmission can also occur via contact with material from the smallpox pustules or crusted scabs, or through materials such as bedding or clothing that has been in contact with the pustules or scabs.
Transnistria is located along the Moldova–Ukraine border, and its capital city is Tiraspol.
Transparency International is a civil society group that monitors corruption and publishes reports that name and shame countries which acquiesce to dirty business practices.
Transparency begins with accountability.
Transparency in government is a key component of a democracy. Ensuring that the public has access to government information both builds public trust in government decision-making and allows the public to hold government accountable for those decisions.
Transparency promotes accountability and provides information for citizens about what their Government is doing.
Transphobes usually preface their transphobic rants with the contradictory statement, "I don't care who you are or what you do."
Transphobes want to force the medical establishment to ignore science.
Transphobia affects real people; blasphemy does not.
Transphobia is an actual problem that is well-studied; "banning the word woman" is tabloid nonsense.
Transphobia is taught by society.
Transphobia, also known as trans antagonism, is the main cause of the disparity between the mental health of transgender and cisgender people. Hormonal and surgical interventions are, in most cases, the best way to improve the mental health of transgender people.
Transphobic demagoguery inevitably ends up harming cis women like Imane Khelif.
Transphobic rhetoric is always dishonest.
Transplants save lives.
Transport is really convenient for downtown dwellers.
Transport the prickly pear to Bouira.
Transport with horse-drawn carriages became obsolete.
Transportation has been arranged.
Transportation of goods used to be a nightmare in Algeria.
Transportation workers staged a walkout to protest pay cuts.
Transported to another place and culture, this rough-hewn American becomes an object of curiosity; but his horse draws even more attention... and derision... from the fiercely proud owners and riders of the purebred Arabian horses.
Transsexualism is a sensitive subject in Algeria.
Transtextuality and transsexuality sound similar but have totally different meanings.
Transvestigations are proof that cis people can't always tell when someone is trans.
Transvestigations prove that cis people can't always tell when someone is trans.
Trapped in the van, Mary tried to force open a window.
Trappers used decoy birds and a sticky substance.
Trappist monasteries are also called Cistercian monasteries, and they follow the Rule of St. Benedict.
Trappist-1 is located just 39 light-years away from Earth.
Trash belongs in the trash.
Trash lay strewn in the street.
Trash music for trash people.
Trauma affects gene expression.
Trauma bonding is very much like a drug addiction.
Trauma doesn't make you a better person.
Trauma is a thief.
Traumatized people often don't believe in their own worth as human beings.
Travel agencies' profits soared.
Travel agencies’ profits soared.
Travel agency "Grand Tours": for one grand, a tour to any place on the globe!
Travel agency profits have risen a lot.
Travel agents gladly recommend this hotel.
Travel agents may be left in the firing line after a bungle from Singapore Airlines saw business fares sold at economy prices.
Travel analysts say flying business class is becoming more attractive as heightened airport security makes traveling more of a hassle.
Travel and public speaking are integral parts of Tom's job.
Travel back in time.
Travel between the settlements is accomplished with snowmobiles, aircraft, and boats.
Travel broadens one's horizons.
Travel broadens one’s horizons.
Travel broadens your mind.
Travel by train has been on the decrease.
Travel can be a life-changing experience.
Travel in Algeria is relatively cheap.
Travel is also a kind of rest.
Travel is exhausting.
Travel is one of the better forms of education.
Travel isn't very expensive in Algeria.
Travel must be avoided across the entire peninsula unless it is justified by professional reasons, by cases of need or for health reasons.
Travel shapes the youth, but bends the suitcases.
Travel the world!
Travel time is not taken into account.
Travel to Algeria.
Travel to leflay.
Travel together.
Traveler's checks are so infrequently used that there is hardly a cashier who knows how to process them.
Travelers can suffer from any number of maladies in foreign lands.
Travelers should finish their journey before dark.
Traveling abroad is now more popular.
Traveling abroad is one of my favorite things.
Traveling abroad is out of the question.
Traveling abroad is very interesting.
Traveling alone can be boring.
Traveling alone is boring.
Traveling alone is no fun.
Traveling alone is so boring.
Traveling around Europe on a bicycle was one of the most interesting things I've ever done.
Traveling around Europe was a lot of fun.
Traveling at the speed of light would not only be problematic from a mechanical point of view, but navigating would be impossible, because we would only observe the electromagnetic waves from the objects that existed there hundreds, thousands and millions of years earlier.
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun, isn't it?
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun, isn’t it?
Traveling by boat is a lot of fun.
Traveling by boat takes longer than going by car.
Traveling by car to Ireland from the Netherlands is a whole journey.
Traveling by plane is relatively cheap in Algeria.
Traveling by sea can be dangerous.
Traveling by sea is a lot of fun.
Traveling by ship gives us great pleasure.
Traveling by train is always relaxing.
Traveling by yourself is no fun.
Traveling can be an eye-opening experience, allowing you to gain insight into different ways of life and build a greater understanding of the world.
Traveling costs money, which is why I stay at home.
Traveling educates young people.
Traveling in Kabylie is awesome.
Traveling is a lot of fun.
Traveling is a luxury I can't afford.
Traveling is a luxury I cannot afford.
Traveling is changing the clothes of the soul.
Traveling is discovering new horizons and learning lessons which books can’t teach.
Traveling is easy these days.
Traveling is not just a variety of sensations; it is even more, and above all, an inexhaustible source of good and wholesome experiences, a perennial fountain of lively enthusiasm for all that is beautiful, new, and original, and a fertile source of analysis, observation, and criticism, which is seldom to be found in the country where we were born or the city where we live.
Traveling makes people knowledgeable.
Traveling on business is stressful.
Traveling salesmen lead stressful lives.
Traveling to another continent at the time was almost an impossibility.
Traveling to new places allows you to see the world through fresh eyes.
Traveling to new places is an excellent way to learn about different cultures.
Traveling to the southern states during the winter will be costlier than it is now.
Traveling was much more difficult in those days.
Traveling was very dangerous at that time.
Traveling will immensely enrich our minds.
Traveling with Mennad is agonizingly boring.
Traveling with friends is fun.
Traveling within Algeria is relatively cheap.
Travellers continued to trickle in over the course of that year.
Travellers hurried by.
Travellers hurried past.
Travellers on long-distance flights can suffer from deep vein thrombosis.
Travelling abroad is out of the question.
Travelling by bus or bike, you could pollute less.
Travelling by train is better than flying: you get more room, and you never have to queue.
Travelling by train used to be cheaper than travelling by bus.
Travelling causes a significant amount of pollution.
Travelling in good company is always fun.
Travelling is a lot of fun.
Travelling is a luxury I can't afford.
Travelling is a luxury I can't allow myself.
Travelling is a luxury I can’t allow myself.
Travelling is cheaper on a bike.
Travelling is easy these days.
Travelling is interesting and fun.
Travelling is one of the saddest pleasures of life.
Travelling not just from all over Germany, but from around the world, the clan had gathered together at the old family farm to celebrate Nan's 100th birthday. One had even come from New Zealand.
Travelling to Finland would be so amazing. I've heard it's a beautiful place, full of marvellous people, endless forests and pristine lakes.
Travelling to new places is interesting and can be difficult. Esperanto also makes that easy.
Travelling was much harder in those days.
Travelling was much more difficult in those days.
Travelling! Ref are you blind?
Traversing the Universe / is the gyroscopic computer, / ejecting plasma at its tail. / It searches for electromagnetic waves / from the distant star cluster.
Traversing the desert takes time and resources.
Travis Loyd hopes greater interest in Asian carp as a food product will cause it to be more heavily fished out of lakes and streams.
Travis Loyd says Asian carp is a clean fish, with low levels of mercury, that’s safe to eat.
Trawler is a sort of fishing boat, right?
Trawler nets are one possible cause for the demise of the marine mammals.
Trawling causes a devastating waste of life in the form of bycatch.
Treacherous fire, bring relief to my torment.
Treading new paths can lead to exciting discoveries.
Treason doth never prosper; what's the reason? For if it prosper, none dare call it treason.
Treason is unpardonable.
Treasure chests abound in the dungeon, but so do horrible monsters.
Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you’ll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
Treasure is a collection of precious objects. For example: The pirate captain was looking for hidden treasure.
Treasure is a scarlet kitten with aqua blue eyes who looks somewhat like ariel.
Treat Mario well, if not, your mother is going to punish you.
Treat Tom gently; he's very sensitive.
Treat Tom politely. He is our guest.
Treat Tom well.
Treat a decayed tooth.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
Treat any stains on the apron as soon as possible to prevent them from setting.
Treat everyone with kindness and respect.
Treat her well or I'll kick your ass.
Treat her well, otherwise you'll have to deal with me.
Treat her well.
Treat her with respect.
Treat him as an adult.
Treat him well.
Treat insects with respect.
Treat it like an ice cream cone.
Treat me as an equal.
Treat me as you've always done.
Treat me as you've always treated me.
Treat me with dignity.
Treat others how you want to be treated.
Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
Treat others with love and respect.
Treat our guests to our delicious cookies.
Treat our planet with respect and don't litter.
Treat people with respect, and they will treat you with respect.
Treat the elderly with respect!
Treat the men well and the ore will come.
Treat the sprout gently, as you would treat a baby.
Treat them badly, and they will treat you badly.
Treat them with kindness, and they will treat you with kindness.
Treat them with respect, and they will treat you with respect.
Treat them with respect.
Treat your body so that your soul can live happily in it.
Treat your body well so that your soul is thrilled to live in it.
Treat your brother with respect, just like you would anyone else.
Treat your friends with respect!
Treat your friends with respect.
Treat your servant more kindly.
Treat your trip as a remote backcountry trip: there is limited water infrastructure, variable weather, and no repair services or materials.
Treat yourself to a moment of relaxation.
Treated roughly, the cup has some cracks.
Treating diabetes cost the U.S. $244 billion in 2012.
Treating disagreement as censorship is a pretext to censor dissenting opinions.
Treating each other with kindness is essential.
Treating each other with respect is essential.
Treating fibromyalgia can be difficult. Since there is no cure, doctors may experiment with different treatments and medicines. Some drugs work with some patients, but do not work with others. Patients with mild fibromyalgia often do not need any drugs. Their condition can improve with a combination of low-impact exercises, a good diet, getting enough rest and patient education.
Treating his French hosts to dinner at the tony Parisian restaurant was certainly a splurge for Tom, but he had not visited them for several years, and the gesture expressed his sincere gratitude for their generous hospitality.
Treating others well creates a positive environment.
Treatment for intravenous drug users in Vietnam remains a very sensitive subject, but the expansion of methadone treatment has been welcomed by HIV clinicians.
Treatment for the parasitic illness schistosomiasis is more effective if children have a snack before receiving the drug praziquantel.
Treatment in those days consisted of easing pain and making the sufferer as comfortable as possible.
Treatment involves giving patients an infused drug that sensitizes human tissue to light. Doctors then illuminate the prostate, where the cancer is located. The light activates the creation of oxygen molecules, called free radicals, that cut off the blood supply to the cancer, killing the harmful cells.
Treatment options are limited.
Treatment queues are getting longer and longer.
Treatment will begin tomorrow.
Tree Day is celebrated in Brazil on September 21st.
Tree branches scratched at the windows.
Tree heathers flower in spring.
Tree sap is sticky.
Trees are alive.
Trees are being cut down in the rainforest.
Trees are cut down and land is cleared.
Trees are habitats for animals, such as squirrels and birds.
Trees are habitats for animals.
Trees are living organisms.
Trees are planted along the street.
Trees are plants.
Trees are poems that the Earth writes in the sky.
Trees are renewable energy sources.
Trees aren't criminals. Be a tree.
Trees aren't much company, though dear knows if they were there'd be enough of them.
Trees became sparse.
Trees can help decrease crime.
Trees can improve air quality.
Trees do not grow in Antarctica.
Trees do not grow on prairies.
Trees don't grow above 2,000 metres.
Trees don't grow above two thousand metres.
Trees don't grow in Antarctica.
Trees don't grow up to the sky.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
Trees grow around the house.
Trees have been removed from the park.
Trees lose their leaves quickly.
Trees make oxygen.
Trees make us happier.
Trees produce oxygen.
Trees provide shade.
Trees put forth new leaves and buds in spring.
Trees put forth young shoots all at once.
Trees remember what we forget.
Trees shelter my house from the wind.
Trees should not be disregarded just because they can't move from where they are.
Trees soak up and store some of the excess planet-warming carbon dioxide that human activities produce.
Trees surrounded the pond.
Trees take time to grow.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
Trees use photosynthesis to turn sunlight, carbon dioxide and water into sugars.
Trees used to talk to me.
Trees were scarce in these cold, dry regions, so instead of using wood, these hardy humans made campfires by burning the bones of the big animals they hunted.
Trees were scare in these cold, dry regions, so Ice Age hunters could not build campfires using wood. Instead, these hardy humans made campfires by burning the bones of the big animals they hunted.
Tremble, you sentences!
Trembled in fear.
Trembling uncontrollably, Anna stumbled backward upon encountering the enormous spider on the ceiling.
Trembling, Anna grabbed a nearby magazine and attempted to swat the bumblebee out of the air.
Trenberth, who was not involved in the study, says he believes that it underestimates global warming's effect on sea levels.
Trench warfare characterized the 1914-1918 War.
Trends indicate that the numbers of overweight and obese people in Africa and Asia will soon exceed those who are hungry.
Trends often feel like pressure to conform.
Trent Reznor may be one of my favorite artists.
Trenčín is the European Capital of Culture 2026.
Trespassers will be prosecuted.
Trespassers will be shot.
Trevelyan and I looked at each other in bewilderment.
Treviri is Germany's oldest town.
Trevor used to come in to inquire after me. At first it was only a minute's chat, but soon his visits lengthened, and before the end of the term we were close friends.
Trevor was the only man I knew, and that only through the accident of his bull terrier freezing on to my ankle one morning as I went down to chapel.
Trial and error is essential to progress.
Trials are open to the public.
Trials can teach us many things. And much more than simply words.
Trials have shown that a malaria vaccine developed by scientists at Oxford University provides up to 80% protection.
Triangles don't have four angles.
Triangles don't have four corners.
Triangular shapes jut from the building, and a prow dangles over a busy downtown street.
Triangulation is a sequence of three moves performed by one of the kings in order to return to the same position with the advantage of the opposition, which leaves the other king in zugzwang.
Triathlete Julie Moss is a portrait of the power of human spirit and true dedication, even in the face of pain and exhaustion.
Tribal nomads from Iran to Mongolia provided supplies and transportation for the Silk Road traders. Nomads do not live in settlements. They move from place to place with their animals. On the Mall next month, camels will carry nomad houses called yurts which are easily transported from place to place. And a Pakistani truck painted in bright colors will demonstrate that travel continues along the Silk Road today.
Tribbles are animals that multiply quickly, as seen in a popular show.
Trichoplax adhaerens is a simple animal.
Trick or treat.
Tricking your niece isn't as easy as it seems.
Trickle-down economics have been proven to increase inequality.
Tricycles are banned in some cities in Vietnam.
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.
Trigonometry is a branch of mathematics that studies triangles.
Trigonometry studies relationships involving lengths and angles of triangles.
Trilobites fossils are arthropods, or joint-footed animals, with a segmented body of hinged plates and shields. They could curl up into a ball for protection, sometimes fossilizing as a "rolled" trilobite.
Trim the fat off the meat.
Trim the heathers to promote growth.
Trim the ivy before it gets out of control.
Trim your goatee.
Trim your guinea pig's nails regularly to prevent discomfort.
Trinity Square was the original center of St. Petersburg.
Tripe!
Tripoli is the capital of Libya.
Trish Keenan was an English musician and singer.
Triton is one of Neptune's moons.
Triton is thought to be a combination of rock and ice. Its surface temperature is -245 degrees Celsius, and it has a thin atmosphere of nitrogen and methane.
Triton, Cymothoe from the rock's sharp brow / push off the vessels. Neptune plies amain / his trident-lever, lays the sandbanks low, / on light wheels shaves the deep, and calms the billowy flow.
Trojan asteroids are believed to be artifacts from when the solar system was formed, and scientists hope that by studying them, they can better understand how the solar system evolved.
Troll Wall is the tallest European vertical rock wall. It rises a mile from the ground, of which 3,300 feet is a vertical cliff.
Troll hugging can be an effective way to shift the dynamic of a nasty online debate.
Trolleybuses used to run here.
Trolleybuses used to shuttle through here.
Trolling is a art.
Trolling is a sin!
Trolling is an art.
Trolling needs to be studied.
Trolls post things that upset people.
Trolls say crazy nasty things to make people mad.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
Troops from Angola, Chad, Namibia, Sudan, and Zimbabwe intervened to support Kabila's regime.
Troops inside the walls were well protected.
Troops were swiftly called in to put down the riot.
Tropical Storm Isaias is expected to strengthen into a low-level hurricane before it makes landfall along the coast of the Carolinas.
Tropical drinks often go over crushed ice.
Tropical plants tend to do well in the warm climate of South Florida.
Tropical rainforests are a cause for concern.
Tropical rainforests are located near the equator, where it's almost always warm and wet.
Tropical rainforests produce oxygen and consume carbon dioxide.
Tropical storms are common, annual occurrences on the eastern and southern shores of the U.S., but rare in the western states.
Tropicbirds do not build nests.
Trotsky became a Bolshevik in October of 1917.
Trotsky was a bolshevik.
Trotsky was unaligned until 1917.
Trotsky wasn't a Bolshevik until the Revolution happened.
Trouble began immediately.
Trouble between Yanni and Skura started within months of walking down the aisle.
Trouble is tangible. Happiness can be realized, only when it was stolen from you.
Trouble lurks.
Trouble with the trolley, eh?
Troubled children often lack any sense of guilt.
Troubled waters suddenly calmed down.
Troublemakers rarely become model citizens.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can't escape.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can’t escape.
Troubles are falling upon me.
Troubling questions were raised about Mennad's death.
Trousers of today sit much lower on the waist than they did centuries ago.
Trout are caught in this river.
Trout are freshwater fish.
Trout is my favorite fish.
Trout with oranges is for dinner tonight.
Troy uses his position for personal gain.
Troy was a city in present-day Turkey.
Troy was a city.
Troy was a town.
Troy was captured by the Greeks.
Troy was taken by the Greeks.
Troy's gods commending to my comrades' care, / with old Anchises and my infant heir, / I hide them in a winding vale from view.
Truck drivers face obvious challenges.
Truck driving isn't easy.
Trucks let off steam and cars hoot as the traffic intensifies.
Trucks made it easy for goods to be transported.
Trudeau praised Thunberg's activism saying, "She is the voice of a generation."
Trudeau said “a normal Christmas is quite frankly right out of the question.”
Trudeau spoke to the nation Monday.
True Faith was the only single recorded for and released from New Order's Substance 1987 compilation album, a collection of otherwise previously released 12-inch A and B-sides, some of which were re-recorded for the album.
True affluence is to not need anything.
True and good friendship must not be suspicious of anything.
True art is theft.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
True artists scorn nothing; they force themselves to understand instead of judging.
True beauty comes from within.
True beauty lies inside.
True beauty radiates from within.
True bravery is quite another thing from bravado.
True democracy makes no enquiry about the color of skin, or the place of nativity, wherever it sees man, it recognizes a being endowed by his Creator with original inalienable rights.
True democracy requires active citizen participation and protection of individual rights and freedoms.
True elevation is achieved through humility.
True elevation starts within.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
True freedom is not in what you do, but in the way you choose to live what you do, and that faculty belongs just to you.
True friends are hard to find.
True friends are revealed at difficult times.
True friends are valuable companions in good and bad times. A person lucky enough to have good friends is blessed.
True friends don't deceive each other.
True friends never abandon each other.
True friends stand by us during our darkest moments.
True friendship does not exist.
True friendship doesn't exist.
True friendship is based on mutual trust.
True friendship is invaluable.
True friendship is precious just because it is rare.
True friendship is precious just because it's rare.
True friendship is priceless.
True friendship is quite different from what you think it is.
True friendship is the one that allows us to talk to a friend about his defects and our qualities.
True friendships are abiding.
True friendships are even rarer than diamonds.
True friendships are everlasting.
True friendships are rare.
True friendships don't exist.
True friendships last forever.
True fulfillment comes from within, not from external sources.
True greatness has nothing to do with looks!
True happiness consists of desiring little.
True happiness often comes from self-acceptance.
True heroes don't profit from the suffering of others.
True hope is swift, and flies with swallow's wings.
True journalism is dead.
True joy I have seldom known. More constant companion, O sadness, I find in you.
True justice is in the hand of God.
True justice is not only about punishment but also about repairing the harm caused.
True knowledge leads to compassion.
True love demands vulnerability and honesty.
True love does not exist!
True love doesn't exist!
True love doesn't mean finding the perfect partner, but considering an imperfect one perfect.
True love exists.
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
True love is hard to find.
True love is indeed rare, but it's the only thing that gives life meaning.
True love is like a ghost: everyone speaks of it, but few have seen it.
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about but few have seen.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
True love is like the appearance of ghosts: everyone talks about it but few have seen it.
True love is love without coercion.
True love is the acceptance of all that is.
True love is the privilege of those lucky enough to have nothing to lose.
True love is within us.
True love knows neither suspicion nor distrust.
True love knows no suspicion or distrust.
True love never ends.
True love never grows old.
True love sees beyond monetary wealth.
True love should always be kind.
True love, without a doubt, is forever.
True or false?
True philosophy is seeing things as they are.
True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: I am life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live.
True respect is when we agree to disagree.
True satisfaction comes from the heart, not the wallet.
True science is an ignorance which knows itself.
True science teaches us to doubt and to abstain from ignorance.
True science teaches you, above all, to doubt and be ignorant.
True socialism has never been tried.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
True to form, my mother freaked out the moment I mentioned I got hurt.
True to his Paphian mother, trace by trace, / slowly the Love-god with prevenient art, / begins the lost Sychaeus to efface, / and living passion to a breast impart / long dead to feeling, and a vacant heart.
True tolerance is when we agree to disagree.
True understanding requires the greatest of wisdoms.
True wealth does not consist of what we have, but in what we are.
True wisdom is lived, not learned.
True wisdom is the fruit of experience.
True zombies are to be found in the special forces. When you spend a week in the cold, without sleeping, you become a zombie, and the only thing you feel is hatred. Hatred towards yourself, hatred towards the others. And the only thing you think about is to finish your job and go back to where you can enjoy a "good sleep".
True! You're good.
True, Tom knows a lot about cooking, but he's not a good cook.
True, he likes to show off, but he is kind and generous.
True, he was a very good teacher.
True, she knows a lot about cooking, but she's not a good cook.
True.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Truer words were never spoken.
Truffles are fungi that live in symbiosis with the roots of several plants, such as oaks, nut trees, beeches, poplars, and willows.
Truffles are very expensive.
Truffles is a pink piglet with purple hooves and green eyes.
Truly important people are people for whom being important isn't that important.
Truly my mother bore me as one of evil fate.
Truly rich people don't work for money.
Truly you are the flower of my life.
Truly, I still think this will accomplish nothing.
Truly, never before has bourgeois sociology known such a fall!
Truly, no one is wise without knowing darkness.
Truly, you are a person who will not learn from experience.
Truly, you do not learn from experience.
Truly, you never learn from experience.
Truly, you never learn.
Truman arrived at the White House within minutes.
Truman campaigned until Election Day.
Truman had long been interested in politics.
Truman had three difficult choices.
Truman syndrome is a mental condition where a patient believes they're the star of an imaginary reality show.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
Truman's popularity increased.
Truman’s first big problem was the economy.
Truman’s popularity increased.
Trump acts like a fool.
Trump and Biden are about the same age.
Trump called Hillary Clinton the co-founder of ISIS.
Trump called out sick, so the work is just piled up at the White House.
Trump calls the coronavirus the "Chinese virus."
Trump cheats at golf.
Trump created a cult of influence in the US.
Trump doesn't really care about Algeria.
Trump got raided by the FBI.
Trump got raided.
Trump graduated with a degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1968.
Trump had to concede that he'd overreacted.
Trump has a history of irrational conduct.
Trump has an impulsive foreign policy.
Trump has aped the ruSSian positions for his entire public life.
Trump has banned all travel to the US from continental Europe.
Trump has blocked Muslims from many countries from entering the United States.
Trump has ruined everything he has touched.
Trump insulted Africa.
Trump is a Russian asset.
Trump is a cult leader.
Trump is a fat fuck.
Trump is a lout, because he talks and acts like a lout.
Trump is a narcissist.
Trump is a thug, because he talks and acts like a thug.
Trump is acting in Russia's interests.
Trump is apparently declaring war on the whole world.
Trump is but a ruSSian aSSet.
Trump is following in the footsteps of his predecessors as far as war in the Middle East is concerned.
Trump is four years younger than Biden.
Trump is in his seventies now.
Trump is known for his anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Trump is known for his impulsive decisions.
Trump is known for his xenophobia.
Trump is making a fool of himself.
Trump is stupid.
Trump is such a great guy.
Trump is the first American president in the history of the Gallup poll to never reach a 50% approval rating.
Trump is transparent in the sense that he is a shameless hypocrite.
Trump is trying to use Iraq as a pawn in his Middle East strategy.
Trump is what Americans deserve.
Trump is what some people would call a professional con artist.
Trump is what the Americans deserve.
Trump is who Americans deserve.
Trump is worshiped by some rednecks.
Trump isn't scared of the coronavirus.
Trump issued a ban late Wednesday on foreign travelers who recently visited Europe's Schengen Area.
Trump killed Epstein.
Trump labeled Vietnam a currency manipulator.
Trump lies more than most people alive or dead.
Trump lives in a world where there are winners and losers, rather than a world of win-win deals, and he is a sore loser.
Trump looks like a fool.
Trump lost.
Trump lost. Fuck your feelings.
Trump makes a fool of himself.
Trump may be risking a diplomatic crisis by being so provocative.
Trump must face charges of crimes against humanity for his racially-motivated neglect of Puerto Rico.
Trump never misses an opportunity to make something about him.
Trump never visited a single African country as a US president.
Trump polarizes politics in the United States.
Trump praised Wikileaks.
Trump said that Obama founded ISIS.
Trump said that Obama is the founder of ISIS.
Trump says and does foolish things.
Trump says foolish things.
Trump says what he means and means what he says.
Trump should as well recognize Tibet's independence while he's still in power.
Trump supporters are in a cult.
Trump supporters trust him more than their friends and family.
Trump thanked Spain's "San Diego Obescal" for coming to CPAC.
Trump thinks American Jews are disloyal.
Trump thinks he's the proverbial 800-pound gorilla.
Trump thinks outside the box.
Trump thinks that American Jews are disloyal.
Trump trumped himself.
Trump wanted to purchase Greenland.
Trump wanted to shape the US into a white supremacist and militaristic society.
Trump wants an endless war in the Middle East.
Trump wants to buy Greenland.
Trump was Putin-friendly.
Trump was capricious.
Trump was caught on tape trying to pressure Georgia's Secretary of State into committing voter fraud on his behalf.
Trump was rude.
Trump went out of his way to exacerbate the pandemic at every opportunity.
Trump will die like a dog.
Trump's accidental mention of Esperanto immediately caused a spike in visits to Esperanto's article in the English Wikipedia.
Trump's accidental mention of Esperanto immediately caused a spike in visits to the English Wikipedia's article on Esperanto.
Trump's administration in the Middle East is disastrous.
Trump's attorney general ordered the tear-gassing of peaceful protesters so Trump could cross the street and do a photo-op holding a Bible.
Trump's booking record asserts that he has hair and weighs 215 pounds.
Trump's dad was arrested at a KKK rally in 1927.
Trump's declaration on Jerusalem is evidence of a total disregard for international law.
Trump's declaration on Jerusalem shows a total disregard of international law.
Trump's diplomatic effort in the Middle East has come to a total disaster.
Trump's diplomatic effort in the Middle East is going nowhere.
Trump's experimental coronavirus treatment costs more than he pays in taxes.
Trump's mug shot gave me the creeps.
Trump's policies are terrible.
Trump's secret police are now literally disappearing protesters.
Trump, as well as several members of his Cabinet, have also cast doubt on the science of climate change, saying the causes of global warming are not yet settled.
Trump, who in a video last week told the mob of his supporters "we love you, you’re very special," did not answer questions from reporters.
Trumpets and trombones are brass instruments, while saxophones are woodwind instruments.
Trumpets sounded on the part of the Romans.
Trumps rule was obviously authoritarian.
Trump’s administration is seeking to get Congress to approve an infusion of as much as $850 billion into the economy, including $250 billion for small business loans, and $50 billion to bail out the country’s airlines, as part of an emergency stimulus package.
Trust God but lock your car.
Trust Tom and me.
Trust Tom.
Trust a woman with your secret, but cut off her tongue!
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.
Trust between partners is essential for a strong relationship.
Trust breeds trust.
Trust can only be earned through consistency.
Trust everyone, but always cut the cards.
Trust faded when I realized it was all about cash.
Trust generates trust.
Trust gives a conversation more substance than wit does.
Trust goes both ways.
Trust helps partners feel secure with each other.
Trust her.
Trust him.
Trust him. He's an expert on the subject.
Trust in God and do the right thing.
Trust in God but lock your car.
Trust in God.
Trust in me and close your eyes.
Trust in me.
Trust in politicians often fades with each broken promise.
Trust in the Lord.
Trust in the government seems to be a strong predictor of hesitancy in getting the vaccine.
Trust in the process.
Trust in your friends and they'll have reason to trust you.
Trust is a foundation for any successful relationship.
Trust is a really big thing in a relationship.
Trust is built on honesty and reliability.
Trust is earned, not ingratiated.
Trust is earned.
Trust is everything.
Trust is fragile but powerful.
Trust is fragile in a world of betrayal.
Trust is fragile, and sometimes it shatters easily.
Trust is hard to earn, and I don’t give it away easily.
Trust is hard to earn, easy to lose.
Trust is hard to rebuild once lost.
Trust is risk, and risk avoidance is the name of the game in business.
Trust is the basis of every relationship.
Trust is the bedrock of cooperation.
Trust is the bridge between people.
Trust is the cornerstone of every relationship.
Trust is the foundation of effective communication.
Trust is the foundation of lasting relationships.
Trust is the foundation of relationships.
Trust is the foundation of strong relationships.
Trust is the glue that binds society.
Trust is the key.
Trust is very difficult to earn, but very easy to lose.
Trust is violated when adults exploit minors.
Trust is vital for resolving conflicts in a relationship.
Trust kills men and gets women pregnant.
Trust me if you want.
Trust me on that one.
Trust me on that.
Trust me on this one, Tom.
Trust me on this one.
Trust me on this.
Trust me only this once. You will never have cause to regret it.
Trust me when I say that I'll never leave you.
Trust me when I say that it's extremely dangerous to camp there.
Trust me!
Trust me, I can make it happen.
Trust me, I know what I'm doing.
Trust me, I'm a concrete shutterer.
Trust me, I'm a professional.
Trust me, I'm an engineer!
Trust me, I'm fine.
Trust me, I've been there.
Trust me, I've seen worse.
Trust me, I’ve been there.
Trust me, Sami.
Trust me, Tom.
Trust me, Ziri will thank you.
Trust me, bro.
Trust me, it's a trap.
Trust me, it's only the facade of the building that looks good.
Trust me, it's worth it.
Trust me, never trust anyone that says "trust me".
Trust me, people who were the recipient of my wrath, remember it very well.
Trust me, this works.
Trust me, you don't want me to say it.
Trust me, you don't want to know.
Trust me, you need this.
Trust me, you'll like it.
Trust me, you'll never be the same.
Trust me, you're better than him.
Trust me, you're going to love it here.
Trust me.
Trust me. Algerian food is good.
Trust me. I'm a doctor.
Trust me. I'm a politician.
Trust me. It'll be plain sailing.
Trust me. It’ll be plain sailing.
Trust me. You can do anything... but you can't do anything well.
Trust me. You didn't miss anything.
Trust me. You don't want that.
Trust must be carefully built and maintained.
Trust must be earned, not given freely.
Trust must be nurtured carefully.
Trust must be protected like gold.
Trust no one!
Trust no one.
Trust nobody!
Trust nobody.
Trust once lost is difficult to regain.
Trust only yourself.
Trust people, but don't take candy from strangers.
Trust people, but don’t take candy from strangers.
Trust plays a key role in intimate experiences.
Trust politicians and there'll be high prices and wars.
Trust requires both time and transparency.
Trust seems to vanish when jealousy takes hold.
Trust takes time to build.
Trust takes time.
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break.
Trust that I know what's best for me.
Trust the bear!
Trust the man who is aware of three things about you: the grief behind your smile, the love behind your anger, and the reason for your silence.
Trust the plan.
Trust them.
Trust those who search for the truth. Be careful of those who have found it.
Trust those who seek the truth but doubt those who claim they have found it.
Trust us to be careful.
Trust us!
Trust us.
Trust was a luxury he couldn’t afford.
Trust was never really reestablished between Yanni and his wife.
Trust was shattered between them.
Trust your gut feeling.
Trust your gut.
Trust your heart!
Trust your heart.
Trust your instincts, and if something feels unsafe, let us know.
Trust your instincts.
Trust your intuition.
Trust your own destiny, it has already planned out your entire life path down to the very little details.
Trust your own destiny, your destiny has already all your life path all planned out.
Trust yourself and follow your heart to the end.
Trust yourself more.
Trust yourself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.
Trust, but verify.
Trustful communication isn't possible anymore.
Trusting Tom was a mistake.
Trusting her is essential.
Trusting him is a gamble at best.
Trusting my instincts felt like a lifeline when I hesitated.
Trusting yourself is the key to success.
Truth alone triumphs.
Truth always wins.
Truth and God are two entirely interchangeable ideas, and no religion or belief should claim to be the sole and exclusive owner of it.
Truth and justice are sovereign, for they alone ensure the nation's greatness.
Truth be told, I despise a very few people but when I truly dislike someone else, I just can't hide it from my face, it just shows on my face.
Truth be told, I didn't like him that much anyway.
Truth be told, I didn't understand a thing. How about you?
Truth be told, I never felt completely free with my parents.
Truth be told, Yanni's classes are boring.
Truth be told, he cannot do the can-can.
Truth be told, she didn't like it in the least, but she didn't say anything.
Truth be told, she didn’t like it in the least, but she didn’t say anything.
Truth be told, this sentence uses the subjunctive mood.
Truth burns and destroys all elements, showing that they are merely its shadow.
Truth can be such a grueling pain to hear for most people.
Truth can vary depending on the situation.
Truth destroys all shackles.
Truth doesn't exist.
Truth doesn't need to meditate or be witty.
Truth doesn't perish at sea, but it often takes a long time to find an anchorage.
Truth emerges in time.
Truth endures in quiet.
Truth enlightens the mind, but won't always bring happiness to your heart.
Truth exists; only lies are invented.
Truth fears nothing but concealment.
Truth finds a way, even in silence.
Truth flows like a river, cutting through falsehood.
Truth flows through time.
Truth goes with lies like oil with water.
Truth has a good face, but ragged clothes.
Truth has a lovely face, but torn clothing.
Truth has many faces.
Truth has wings.
Truth hurts!
Truth hurts.
Truth is a dangerous thing.
Truth is a goal, not a destination.
Truth is a journey that evolves over time.
Truth is a lie.
Truth is always the same: all its versions are a lie.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Truth is bitter.
Truth is bitter; lies are sweet.
Truth is brighter than the Sun, but it is sought with a candle.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
Truth is ever patient.
Truth is false.
Truth is feminine in Berber.
Truth is grammatically feminine in Berber.
Truth is hard to hear!
Truth is in the eye of the beholder.
Truth is in things, and not in words.
Truth is in wine.
Truth is like a disco ball, and only one of the tiny little mirrors it is made up of is actually yours.
Truth is like the moon: you can only see one side of it.
Truth is like the sun! It allows us to see everything, but does not let us observe it.
Truth is more important than beauty.
Truth is not a matter of opinion.
Truth is not a popularity contest.
Truth is often hidden, but never erased.
Truth is often stronger than fiction.
Truth is on our side.
Truth is painful!
Truth is pure, but truth is painful. No sane, selfish person would ever accept things for what they are. Such is the masochism inherent in "truth".
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Truth is subjective and personal.
Truth is subjective.
Truth is the best policy.
Truth is the daughter of time.
Truth is the name that the strongest give to their opinion.
Truth is time's daughter.
Truth is time’s daughter.
Truth is treason in the empire of lies.
Truth is usually expressed in the present tense.
Truth is you are harassing me.
Truth is, I don't like him.
Truth is, I don't really feel like talking.
Truth is, the group is full of a bunch of members with fucking superiority complex, who are unable to get rid of it, because they absorbed it in the place they were born.
Truth kills.
Truth leads to light, lies to disaster.
Truth loses to correctness.
Truth matters.
Truth may be kept down, but not crushed.
Truth may be painful at times.
Truth must win.
Truth needs not many words.
Truth or lie? It depends on the advertising.
Truth prevails.
Truth shouldn't bend to politics.
Truth springs from argument amongst friends.
Truth stands as the first casualty of war.
Truth still matters.
Truth uncompromisingly told will always have its jagged edges.
Truth whispers in the winds of change.
Truth will always prevail.
Truth will spring from discussion.
Truth wins out.
Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Truthful reporting comes from using facts that can be confirmed.
Truthful speech is not elegant, and elegant speech is not truthful. Good words are not persuasive, and persuasive words are not good. The knowledgeable are not many, and the many are not knowledgeable.
Truthfully, Santiago was a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Truthfully, at that time, I didn't have the first idea about such talk: family links, blood relations or whatever.
Truthfully, at that time, I didn’t have the first idea about such talk: family links, blood relations or whatever.
Truthfully, if I'd said I didn't have any regrets over my snap decision I'd have been lying.
Truthfully, if I’d said I didn’t have any regrets over my snap decision I’d have been lying.
Try a 50 minute mock examination, and know just how good you really are.
Try a brioche bun for your burger.
Try a little harder.
Try a little of the caviar.
Try a little.
Try a new hat on.
Try a new workout class to challenge yourself.
Try a sip of this.
Try a sliced apple with a lowfat cheese wedge.
Try a variety of cardio exercises for full-body fitness.
Try adding a little cinnamon to your coffee.
Try again!
Try again.
Try again. Try harder.
Try and bear with us.
Try and calm down.
Try and catch me!
Try and come up with a more reasonable excuse next time.
Try and do better next time.
Try and do it right this time.
Try and do it.
Try and do that right this time.
Try and do that.
Try and do your homework by yourself.
Try and find out when the train leaves.
Try and get some rest.
Try and get some sleep.
Try and hurry up.
Try and keep Tom comfortable.
Try and look busy.
Try and look happy.
Try and meet Tom.
Try and pay attention.
Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the discernible concatenations, there remains something subtle, intangible and inexplicable. Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion. To that extent I am, in point of fact, religious.
Try and set a good example.
Try and sing.
Try and stay alert.
Try and stay dry.
Try and stay out of trouble.
Try and stop me.
Try and swim!
Try and take it easy.
Try and think about it.
Try another door.
Try another one.
Try as I might, I couldn't get her to write.
Try as I might, I just cannot stay awake in front of the TV at night.
Try as hard as possible to stay away from shady characters!
Try as hard as you can.
Try as he may, he is not able to do it.
Try as he may, it's not going to work.
Try as he might, Tom couldn't get Mary out of his head.
Try as he might, Tom just couldn't work up the motivation.
Try as he might, he couldn't get the door open.
Try as he might, he couldn’t get the door open.
Try as he might, he just couldn't find his keys anywhere.
Try as she may, she is unable to beat him.
Try as she may, she will not be able to please him.
Try as they may, they will never succeed.
Try as they might, Mary and Tom couldn't stabilize their marital affairs into a state of amicable harmony.
Try as we may, we cannot swim to the rock.
Try as you may, you can't do it in a day.
Try as you may, you can't master English in a few months.
Try as you may, you can’t do it in a day.
Try as you may, you can’t master English in a few months.
Try as you may, you will find it impossible to give up that habit.
Try as you may, you will never get him to agree.
Try as you may, you will never win first prize.
Try as you may, you will not be able to read as many as five novels in a day.
Try as you might, but you cannot force a belief onto someone else, much less your own self.
Try asking Tom next time.
Try asking a judicial scrivener.
Try asking yourself that question.
Try at least to be careful.
Try at least to be on time.
Try breathing through your mouth.
Try by all means.
Try calling her again.
Try clearing your cache.
Try clicking on the taskbar.
Try closing some of your tabs.
Try coming up with another sentence.
Try different things.
Try different workout classes to find what you enjoy.
Try distracting yourself by playing video games.
Try doing it again.
Try doing it once more.
Try doing it one more time.
Try doing something different.
Try doing something else.
Try doing that again.
Try doing that if you aren't afraid to.
Try doing that once more.
Try eating it.
Try eating something different.
Try explaining that to Tom.
Try forming sentences in your native language first, then translate them to English. That way, you'll avoid producing sentences that don't make too much sense and thus can't be fixed.
Try frightening Tom a bit.
Try getting a dog, a cat or a chicken.
Try getting up earlier tomorrow.
Try googling it.
Try guessing what I am thinking of right now!
Try halving a half endlessly and then you realize you don't exist.
Try hard to hold it tight!
Try hard.
Try harder next time.
Try harder to find the answer; there must be one.
Try harder tomorrow.
Try harder.
Try high-intensity interval training for quick workouts.
Try hitting the "shift" key.
Try how far you can jump.
Try hurting us, as Capricorns, and karma will bite you in the face twice as hard.
Try it I think you will be deceived.
Try it I think you will be tricked.
Try it again from the first.
Try it again, Tom.
Try it again.
Try it and see.
Try it and tell me what it tastes like.
Try it by all means.
Try it for yourself.
Try it now.
Try it on the other way.
Try it on.
Try it on. It looks about your size.
Try it once again.
Try it once more.
Try it one more time.
Try it out yourself.
Try it out!
Try it out.
Try it sometime.
Try it today!
Try it today.
Try it with a hammer.
Try it with this sauce.
Try it without sauce.
Try it yourself.
Try it, Ziri.
Try it, please.
Try it.
Try it. You will like it.
Try it. You'll like it.
Try kicking it.
Try knocking.
Try lifting your left arm.
Try listening to a book to distract yourself.
Try looking at it from this angle.
Try looking in your pockets.
Try losing weight by running a little.
Try lowering your expectations.
Try making more money than Ziri.
Try me.
Try meditating a few minutes a day once in a while. Honestly, it helps me a lot.
Try new or difficult things, be adventurous.
Try new things, because you might like it. It's even how I got onto Tatoeba!
Try new things.
Try not saying "I don't know" for a day. Instead, give more detailed explanations. It's a habit that might stick.
Try not to always be so pessimistic about everything.
Try not to anger him.
Try not to annoy Tom.
Try not to annoy him.
Try not to ask me sensitive questions.
Try not to attack Tom.
Try not to be late again tomorrow.
Try not to be late for supper.
Try not to be late tomorrow.
Try not to be late.
Try not to be nervous.
Try not to be seen by Tom.
Try not to be so careless next time.
Try not to be so pessimistic.
Try not to be so rude next time.
Try not to be so tense.
Try not to be stupid.
Try not to bump the radio against other objects.
Try not to buy anything on impulse today.
Try not to buy too much.
Try not to come too late again tomorrow.
Try not to cry today.
Try not to cry.
Try not to dance.
Try not to disappoint me.
Try not to disturb Tom.
Try not to disturb her.
Try not to disturb him.
Try not to disturb me.
Try not to disturb them.
Try not to disturb us.
Try not to drink too much while you're doing exercise, or you'll get cramps.
Try not to drink too much.
Try not to eat too much.
Try not to eat.
Try not to exacerbate the situation.
Try not to exert yourself.
Try not to fall asleep.
Try not to fall.
Try not to forget anything.
Try not to forget your textbook next week.
Try not to get caught.
Try not to get closer.
Try not to get defensive.
Try not to get eaten by a bear.
Try not to get into any fights.
Try not to get into trouble.
Try not to get lost again.
Try not to get lost this time.
Try not to get lost.
Try not to get separated.
Try not to get too excited.
Try not to get under his feet.
Try not to get upset over this little thing.
Try not to get wet because of the rain.
Try not to get wet.
Try not to get your hopes up.
Try not to give the game away.
Try not to hit the curb.
Try not to hyperventilate.
Try not to inhale the fumes.
Try not to jump to conclusions.
Try not to knock over the drink.
Try not to laugh.
Try not to let Tom see you.
Try not to let it go to your head, though.
Try not to let the noise drive you crazy.
Try not to let the smell drive you nuts.
Try not to let them see you.
Try not to look so bored.
Try not to look so nervous.
Try not to lose your temper.
Try not to lose your wallet.
Try not to make a habit of this.
Try not to make any mistakes.
Try not to make any noise.
Try not to make him angry.
Try not to make random statements.
Try not to make the same mistake I did.
Try not to make the same mistake I made.
Try not to make the same mistake that I did.
Try not to make the same mistake that I made.
Try not to make the same mistake twice.
Try not to make the same mistakes I made.
Try not to make the same mistakes that I made.
Try not to make this same mistake again.
Try not to move so much.
Try not to move.
Try not to overdo it.
Try not to overthink everything.
Try not to panic.
Try not to purposely make others envious.
Try not to react.
Try not to repeat yourself.
Try not to smile when you tell them.
Try not to speak on speculative things.
Try not to spend more money than is necessary.
Try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change.
Try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can’t change.
Try not to spend your free time in the way Tom does.
Try not to spend your free time like Tom does.
Try not to splatter the ink.
Try not to stack the CDs on top of each other.
Try not to stand out.
Try not to steal anything.
Try not to succumb to Tom.
Try not to take too long.
Try not to take yourself too seriously.
Try not to take yourselves too seriously.
Try not to think about Tom all the time.
Try not to think about her all the time.
Try not to think about it.
Try not to trip while you bring the dishes.
Try not to use too many filler words.
Try not to wake Tom.
Try not to waste any food.
Try not to worry about Tom.
Try not to worry about her.
Try not to worry about him.
Try not to worry about it.
Try not to worry about me.
Try not to worry about them.
Try not to worry about us.
Try not to worry about what others think.
Try not to worry so much.
Try not to worry too much.
Try not to worry.
Try not to yawn.
Try now, or you will be sorry for it later.
Try on another one.
Try on both these coats and compare them.
Try on that jumper.
Try on that shirt.
Try on that shirt. It's made of fine cotton.
Try on that shirt. It’s made of fine cotton.
Try on that sweater.
Try on these jeans.
Try on these shoes.
Try on these sneakers.
Try on this coat.
Try on this dress.
Try on this gown.
Try on this jacket.
Try on this jumper.
Try on this new suit to see if it fits well.
Try on this shirt.
Try on this sweater.
Try once again.
Try our new 5-in-1 toothpaste.
Try our online Berber dictionary free for thirty days.
Try out Ziri's method.
Try out my reins and my heart.
Try out other words to express the same concept.
Try out up free for seven days.
Try paying the scrivener a visit.
Try playing this scale.
Try poking Tom with a stick.
Try pressing the other button.
Try punching the number into a search engine.
Try pushing the other button.
Try putting yourself in her shoes.
Try putting yourself in my shoes.
Try putting yourself in your mother's shoes.
Try putting yourself in your mother’s shoes.
Try reading this.
Try reducing the amount of sugar and fat in your diet.
Try refreshing the page.
Try refreshing the tab.
Try reloading the page.
Try restarting the computer.
Try restarting your computer.
Try restarting your device.
Try resting for now.
Try rewarding yourself and not relying on others for reward.
Try rewriting this in the third person.
Try running on the balls of your feet.
Try samba!
Try saying something polite.
Try searching in the archives.
Try sitting down and crossing your legs.
Try skimming a scientific paper once in a while.
Try smiling.
Try solving the problem.
Try some caviar.
Try some more.
Try some of this cake.
Try some of this raspberry juice.
Try some of this.
Try some!
Try some.
Try someone else.
Try something new.
Try something simpler.
Try sounding him out and see if he'll come around.
Try sounding him out and see if he’ll come around.
Try staring at yourself.
Try staying out of the way.
Try stopping me.
Try talking to the police.
Try telling Tom that.
Try telling that to Tom.
Try telling your thoughts to a piano and see what happens.
Try thai style Jerusalem artichokes.
Try that jumper on.
Try that on.
Try that one.
Try that sweater on.
Try that sweater.
Try the Kabyle dress on.
Try the apple my father brought back.
Try the board surface first.
Try the cake.
Try the medlar cheese and see if you like it.
Try the other one there.
Try the penne all'arrabbiata.
Try the shoes on.
Try the soup and add salt according to taste.
Try the spicy chicken empanada for a flavorful twist.
Try the store across the street. They might have what you're looking for.
Try them on!
Try these figs.
Try these on.
Try these shoes on and see if they fit you.
Try these shoes on.
Try thinking about something else.
Try thinking for yourself.
Try this again tomorrow.
Try this app for free for seven days.
Try this apple and tell me how it tastes.
Try this bra on instead.
Try this bra on.
Try this cake.
Try this candy.
Try this cream. It's so moisturizing.
Try this fig jam and see how it tastes.
Try this for size.
Try this game.
Try this hat on and see if it fits you.
Try this in your classroom.
Try this instead.
Try this jacket on.
Try this jumper on.
Try this milk.
Try this miracle ointment.
Try this on for size.
Try this on.
Try this on. It should fit you.
Try this on. It's your size.
Try this on. It’s your size.
Try this one on for size.
Try this one.
Try this out.
Try this pancake and tell me if you like it.
Try this sauce.
Try this shirt on.
Try this shirt on. It's made out of pure cotton.
Try this sweet.
Try this today.
Try this with your class.
Try this!
Try this.
Try tilting the antenna to improve reception.
Try to accomplish fantastic things at work.
Try to accomplish that.
Try to accomplish this.
Try to accomplish your goals at work.
Try to act as if nothing is wrong.
Try to act differently.
Try to act like you're not afraid.
Try to act natural.
Try to act naturally.
Try to act normal.
Try to act your age.
Try to adjust to your new life.
Try to allocate time well.
Try to always stay broad-minded and patient.
Try to amplify your opportunity.
Try to answer as many questions as possible.
Try to answer as many questions as you can.
Try to answer with a single word.
Try to appear happy.
Try to appease women for their intelligence, not otherwise.
Try to arrive on time.
Try to avoid Mary, because she just finished reading her novel and she's going to spoil it whenever she can.
Try to avoid bad company.
Try to avoid doing that at all costs.
Try to avoid getting into a fight.
Try to avoid junk food.
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
Try to avoid making blanket statements.
Try to avoid overdoing it.
Try to avoid talking about religion and politics.
Try to avoid that.
Try to be a better parent.
Try to be a bit more modest.
Try to be a little less abrasive. The two of you will have to get along with each other.
Try to be a more rational consumer.
Try to be as discreet as possible.
Try to be as polite as you can before Mr Green.
Try to be as polite as you can when asking directions.
Try to be as quiet as possible.
Try to be brave, Tom.
Try to be brave.
Try to be concise.
Try to be creative next time.
Try to be creative.
Try to be generous and forgive.
Try to be happy being alone. Don't rely on other humans' affections. Get a cat or something.
Try to be here by 2:30.
Try to be home before dark.
Try to be less annoying.
Try to be moderate in drinking.
Try to be more alert to things around you.
Try to be more attentive to these details.
Try to be more careful in the future.
Try to be more careful next time.
Try to be more creative next time.
Try to be more creative.
Try to be more likable at work.
Try to be more punctual from now on.
Try to be of service to others.
Try to be on time tomorrow.
Try to be on time.
Try to be on top.
Try to be optimistic.
Try to be patient with others.
Try to be playful when you write sentences, as this forum isn't an office!
Try to be polite.
Try to be positive.
Try to be prudent.
Try to be strong.
Try to be successful at work.
Try to be the best.
Try to be there on Monday.
Try to be yourself.
Try to be yourselves.
Try to become a better parent.
Try to become better at what you do.
Try to become financially free.
Try to behave a little when I'm not there.
Try to behave appropriately in all things.
Try to blend in.
Try to brake smoothly.
Try to bring back the attention of the audience.
Try to bring out the best in him.
Try to brush up your English.
Try to build a better relationship.
Try to build more muscle.
Try to build something successful.
Try to build up your strength.
Try to burn some fat.
Try to call Tom again.
Try to call me later.
Try to calm down first.
Try to calm down, everyone, OK?
Try to calm down.
Try to calm yourself down.
Try to carry out what you have planned.
Try to catch me.
Try to change the way you breathe.
Try to change your intonation.
Try to check the flow of water by turning the valve.
Try to cheer her up.
Try to cheer him up.
Try to climb the tree without your shoes.
Try to come back in one piece.
Try to come early tomorrow.
Try to come early.
Try to come up with a sentence that has fifteen syllables.
Try to come up with an explanation.
Try to come up with another sentence.
Try to come up with something new.
Try to compose yourself.
Try to concentrate!
Try to concentrate.
Try to construct good relations whenever possible at work.
Try to construct win-win situations.
Try to contact new recruiters.
Try to control your rage.
Try to control your temper.
Try to control yourself.
Try to control yourselves.
Try to convince Tom to help us.
Try to convince her to help us.
Try to convince him not to go.
Try to convince him to help us.
Try to convince me.
Try to convince them to help us.
Try to create a mind map.
Try to create unignorable impact at work.
Try to cross the field without being seen.
Try to cultivate the successful like that you dream of.
Try to deliver consistent high-quality work.
Try to deliver high-quality work at the office.
Try to describe him.
Try to describe it.
Try to describe the taste of a blackberry.
Try to develop your leadership potential.
Try to disassociate all the confounding variables.
Try to discover your limits.
Try to distract yourself.
Try to dive deep into it.
Try to do better in the future.
Try to do better next time.
Try to do better.
Try to do it again in a non-threatening manner.
Try to do it better next time.
Try to do it like that.
Try to do it to the best of your abilities.
Try to do it.
Try to do one thing at a time.
Try to do only one thing at a time.
Try to do so as far as the station.
Try to do something else.
Try to do something good instead.
Try to do that and I think you will be deceived.
Try to do that and I think you will be tricked.
Try to do that by all means.
Try to do that.
Try to do things for yourself.
Try to do your best.
Try to document everything.
Try to dress to impress.
Try to drive economically.
Try to drive there on your own.
Try to earn good grades.
Try to eat a little more.
Try to eat more leafy green vegetables.
Try to eat more vegetables.
Try to educate people about Islam.
Try to elevate your career.
Try to encourage me a little.
Try to enjoy life.
Try to enjoy yourself.
Try to enjoy yourselves.
Try to enlarge the image.
Try to escape.
Try to establish some credibility through your work.
Try to establish yourself as a leader.
Try to estimate how many Berber words you know.
Try to estimate how many words you know in Berber.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
Try to excel in your highest potential areas.
Try to exercise at least once a week.
Try to explain it to Tom.
Try to explain roughly what the talk was about.
Try to explain this.
Try to explain.
Try to feel confident in your career.
Try to feel good about yourself.
Try to figure it out.
Try to figure out the roots of your problems.
Try to figure out what Yanni likes to eat.
Try to figure out what's causing this.
Try to fill in the blanks.
Try to find a new team.
Try to find a quiet place where you can concentrate on your work.
Try to find a way to leave.
Try to find an exit strategy.
Try to find better words.
Try to find hair.
Try to find her.
Try to find it.
Try to find opportunities to make unignorable impact at work.
Try to find out if everything he said is true.
Try to find out what's going on.
Try to find people to speak Berber with.
Try to find someone else for the job.
Try to find someone else to help you.
Try to fix it yourself.
Try to focus a little bit less on that.
Try to focus.
Try to forget about it for a few minutes.
Try to forget everything I've told you.
Try to fulfill your duty.
Try to gain respect from your boss.
Try to gesticulate a little less.
Try to gesture a little less.
Try to get Tom on the phone.
Try to get a good night's sleep.
Try to get a promotion.
Try to get ahead in your company.
Try to get along with Tom.
Try to get along with your brother.
Try to get along with your co-workers better.
Try to get along.
Try to get at least 30 minutes of exercise every day.
Try to get at least eight hours of sleep a day.
Try to get every last drop of juice from the raspberries.
Try to get her on the phone.
Try to get here as early as possible.
Try to get here as soon as possible.
Try to get here before 2:30.
Try to get here before Tom and Mary do.
Try to get here before Tom does.
Try to get here on time tomorrow.
Try to get him on the phone.
Try to get home before dark.
Try to get home before it gets dark.
Try to get in touch with me.
Try to get it back.
Try to get it done soon.
Try to get it right this time.
Try to get more exposure to your target language.
Try to get out of your comfort zone.
Try to get really good at Berber.
Try to get respect from your boss.
Try to get rid of Tom.
Try to get rid of that bad temper.
Try to get rid of them.
Try to get rid of your sorrows. Enjoy your life!
Try to get some help.
Try to get some professional help.
Try to get some rest.
Try to get some sleep.
Try to get the story straight.
Try to get them on the phone.
Try to get there before Tom does.
Try to get there before Tom.
Try to get your mind on something else.
Try to get your thoughts in order.
Try to give your writing some vitality.
Try to go around it!
Try to go faster.
Try to go into as much detail as possible.
Try to go slower.
Try to greet before entering.
Try to guess.
Try to hang on.
Try to have a fulfilling career.
Try to have a good day.
Try to have a happy career.
Try to have a meaningful career.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
Try to have a think about it.
Try to have an authentic career.
Try to have an enjoyable career.
Try to have an exciting career.
Try to have an open mind.
Try to have fun at least once tonight.
Try to have fun tonight.
Try to have fun.
Try to have patience with others.
Try to have some compassion.
Try to have some fun.
Try to hire a guide.
Try to hold it together.
Try to hold on a little longer.
Try to hold on until a rescue team arrives.
Try to identify your love language.
Try to ignore Tom.
Try to ignore her.
Try to ignore him.
Try to ignore it.
Try to ignore that.
Try to ignore the noise.
Try to ignore the pain.
Try to ignore them.
Try to imagine the situation.
Try to implement these strategies.
Try to implement those tips.
Try to impress Tom.
Try to impress her.
Try to impress the boss.
Try to impress your boss.
Try to improve things.
Try to improve your English.
Try to improve your French.
Try to increase your confidence.
Try to increase your likability at work.
Try to increase your self-confidence.
Try to insulate yourself.
Try to investigate in depth the cultural values your text brings into evidence.
Try to jump as high as possible.
Try to keep Tom busy.
Try to keep Tom comfortable.
Try to keep Tom from doing that.
Try to keep Tom from leaving early.
Try to keep Tom happy.
Try to keep Tom occupied.
Try to keep a clear head.
Try to keep a low profile.
Try to keep accurate records.
Try to keep an open mind.
Try to keep from crying.
Try to keep her occupied.
Try to keep him occupied.
Try to keep in touch with me, just in case.
Try to keep it down.
Try to keep it hush-hush.
Try to keep out of Tom's way.
Try to keep the children quiet.
Try to keep the kids under control until I get back.
Try to keep up on washing your towels at least once every four days.
Try to keep up with Tom.
Try to keep up with him.
Try to keep up your spirits.
Try to keep up.
Try to keep your balance.
Try to keep your dog calm.
Try to keep your eyes open.
Try to keep your nose clean from now on.
Try to keep your office clean.
Try to keep your spirits up.
Try to keep yourself warm.
Try to keep yourselves warm.
Try to land a better job offer.
Try to land a senior position.
Try to laugh a little.
Try to laugh every day.
Try to laugh it off.
Try to learn Berber vocabulary.
Try to learn a few Berber phrases.
Try to learn a little English.
Try to learn a little French.
Try to learn some grammar.
Try to learn something new every day.
Try to learn vocabulary in the way I told you.
Try to learn vocabulary in this way.
Try to learn your spouse's love language.
Try to let go of worries.
Try to limit screen time and spend more time being active instead.
Try to limit your salt intake.
Try to listen to serious things.
Try to live by those standards.
Try to live within your income.
Try to live within your means.
Try to log in now.
Try to look ahead.
Try to look at it from Tom's point of view.
Try to look at it from her point of view.
Try to look at it from his point of view.
Try to look at it from my point of view.
Try to look at it from their point of view.
Try to look at some recent interviews.
Try to look at the big picture.
Try to look at yourself objectively.
Try to look busy.
Try to look confident.
Try to look from Ziri's perspective.
Try to look happy.
Try to look inward.
Try to look like you're happy to be there.
Try to look like you're having fun.
Try to look on the bright side.
Try to look through others' eyes at things you are told.
Try to lose weight by jogging.
Try to love everyone.
Try to maintain your healthy relationship.
Try to make a good impression.
Try to make a great first impression.
Try to make an appointment as soon as possible.
Try to make an unignorable impact at work.
Try to make every task effective and efficient.
Try to make every task effective.
Try to make good use of your spare time.
Try to make good use of your time.
Try to make it last a little longer.
Try to make new friends.
Try to make peace.
Try to make recommendations on what can be changed.
Try to make similar pieces fit together.
Try to make something cool every day.
Try to make sure Tom doesn't do something stupid.
Try to make the best use of your time.
Try to make the most of every opportunity.
Try to make the most of your dictionary.
Try to make the most of your time.
Try to make things better in Algeria.
Try to make up your mind soon.
Try to make your workplace much more pleasant.
Try to meet as many people as possible to chat with.
Try to memorize as much as you can.
Try to mentally plan your day tomorrow.
Try to motivate kids with verbal praise.
Try to move faster.
Try to move.
Try to notice something new every time.
Try to offer solutions on how to improve these issues.
Try to open it with this.
Try to open the door.
Try to overtake them before the bend.
Try to pass this truck.
Try to persuade me.
Try to phrase it in a positive way.
Try to please and satisfy God to the best of your ability.
Try to polish up your English.
Try to power cycle it?
Try to prioritise these things.
Try to prioritize your list of things to do.
Try to profit from every opportunity.
Try to prove that you are right!
Try to prove them wrong.
Try to pull out the worm by turning it around with a match stick.
Try to pull yourself together.
Try to pursue a career you'll truly enjoy.
Try to put Islamic teachings in practice in your life.
Try to put it more simply.
Try to put these papers in order.
Try to put yourself in Tom's shoes.
Try to put yourself in her shoes and understand what she's been through.
Try to put yourself in her shoes.
Try to put yourself in his shoes and understand what he's been through.
Try to put yourself in his shoes.
Try to raise this topic when you speak to her!
Try to raise your status at work.
Try to raise your visibility at work.
Try to reach your goals and don't give in to failures.
Try to read as many books as possible.
Try to read as many books as you can when young.
Try to read it with a German accent.
Try to recall what happened.
Try to reconsider.
Try to reign it in.
Try to relax a little.
Try to relax and focus on something besides your issues.
Try to relax.
Try to remain calm.
Try to remember all of your tasks.
Try to remember the way we did that last time.
Try to remember the way we were.
Try to remember these Berber words.
Try to remember this.
Try to remember to do that.
Try to remember what Tom said.
Try to remember what happened.
Try to remember where you put your keys.
Try to remember.
Try to remove that windshield scratch first.
Try to rephrase it.
Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
Try to resist the urge to pick your nose, and use a tissue instead.
Try to resist the urge to pick your nose, darling.
Try to resist.
Try to rest a bit.
Try to rest your eyes.
Try to rest.
Try to see how far you can jump.
Try to see if you can cheer Tom up.
Try to see if you can open the door.
Try to see it from Tom's point of view.
Try to see it from her point of view.
Try to see it from his point of view.
Try to see it from my point of view.
Try to see it from their point of view.
Try to see it my way.
Try to see it our way.
Try to see the humor in everything.
Try to see the problem from her point of view.
Try to see things as they are.
Try to see things as they really are.
Try to see things in a different way.
Try to see things the way they are.
Try to see!
Try to set a good example.
Try to settle the matter peacefully.
Try to shake it vigorously while looking cool.
Try to sit with your back really straight.
Try to sleep if you can.
Try to sleep.
Try to slice the meat with a different knife.
Try to smile a little.
Try to smile more.
Try to smile.
Try to solve the problem.
Try to solve this problem.
Try to solve this puzzle.
Try to sound Tom out on the subject.
Try to sound more optimistic.
Try to sound optimistic.
Try to speak English as often as possible if you want to improve your English.
Try to speak French as often as possible if you want to improve your French.
Try to speak as clearly as you can.
Try to speak in Kabyle.
Try to spend as little as possible.
Try to stand out at work.
Try to stand still.
Try to stand up.
Try to stay a bit more alert to what goes on around you.
Try to stay above the noise.
Try to stay active.
Try to stay as still as you can.
Try to stay awake in class.
Try to stay awake.
Try to stay away from baked goods and sweets.
Try to stay busy.
Try to stay calm, OK?
Try to stay calm.
Try to stay connected.
Try to stay cool, Tom.
Try to stay dry.
Try to stay healthy.
Try to stay here.
Try to stay objective.
Try to stay on her good side and you'll be on easy street.
Try to stay on her good side and you’ll be on easy street.
Try to stay out of debt.
Try to stay out of fights.
Try to stay out of my way.
Try to stay out of sight.
Try to stay out of trouble.
Try to stay positive.
Try to stay quiet about it.
Try to stay still.
Try to stay through the whole video.
Try to stay together.
Try to stay warm.
Try to step up and do your part.
Try to stop me.
Try to stop that.
Try to stop the truck.
Try to stop us.
Try to study a foreign language by all means.
Try to swerve to the left lane.
Try to take account of everything before you make a decision.
Try to take breaks.
Try to talk.
Try to think about it.
Try to think in French.
Try to think like a child.
Try to think like your customers.
Try to think of something else.
Try to think outside the box.
Try to touch the ceiling.
Try to touch your ears with your shoulders.
Try to truly blossom in your career.
Try to turn your frustration into an opportunity.
Try to understand Tom.
Try to understand her.
Try to understand him.
Try to understand how Tom feels.
Try to understand it in Spanish, without translating to English.
Try to understand it!
Try to understand me.
Try to understand my position.
Try to understand my problem.
Try to understand that.
Try to understand the emotional state of others.
Try to understand them.
Try to understand this.
Try to understand why Tom did what he did.
Try to understand why the man did what he did.
Try to understand your anger.
Try to understand.
Try to unplug.
Try to use alternative terms to convey the same idea.
Try to use different techniques.
Try to use more of your "mind's eye."
Try to use up leftovers and food near expiration before buying more.
Try to use your spare time for reading.
Try to use your time as best you can.
Try to use your time as well as you can.
Try to utilize your leisure for reading.
Try to visualize it.
Try to watch less YouTube.
Try to wear him out.
Try to work together.
Try to wriggle your way out of this one.
Try to write concisely.
Try to write confidently.
Try to write in plain English.
Try to write legibly.
Try touching the ceiling.
Try turning it off and then turning it back on.
Try typing "Do a barrel roll" into Google. Amazing, isn't it?
Try typing the number into a search engine.
Try updating your browser and see if that fixes the problem.
Try us again next Monday.
Try using a different browser.
Try using bleach.
Try using fewer words.
Try using solar panels.
Try using some honey for your cough. It works wonders.
Try using this.
Try watching TV less.
Try watching a sunset, said Anne, her eyes full of pride and joy.
Try your best in everything.
Try your best to be on time.
Try your best to get there early.
Try your best to make an impression on him.
Try your best to stay awake.
Try your best.
Try your luck!
Try your luck.
Try your phone.
Try!
Trygve Lie was a Norwegian diplomat.
Trying a Ouija board is a huge mistake.
Trying different forms of intimacy can be exciting.
Trying is good.
Trying is something really beautiful.
Trying on the suit, Dima found it to be too big.
Trying saying "No" some time.
Trying the door, I found it locked.
Trying to beat some kid's high score is an inefficient use of your time.
Trying to beat some kid’s high score is an inefficient use of your time.
Trying to calm the markets, the Merkozy couple now dons a permanent smile in all their press pictures.
Trying to convince Tom to help us will be a complete waste of time.
Trying to convince Tom to help will be a waste of time.
Trying to convince Tom was a waste of time.
Trying to convince Tom will be a waste of time.
Trying to correct that boy is useless.
Trying to defend it, I injured my right knee and calf.
Trying to determine enthalpy simply from a chemical equation is difficult.
Trying to do stellar observations from Earth is like trying to do birdwatching from the bottom of a lake.
Trying to do such a thing is a waste of time.
Trying to eliminate Saddam, extending the ground war into an occupation of Iraq, would have violated our guideline about not changing objectives in midstream, engaging in "mission creep", and would have incurred incalculable human and political costs.
Trying to figure out how this software works is a pain in the neck.
Trying to find happiness only makes you unhappy.
Trying to fix this is a waste of time.
Trying to forget the day's events, he turned off the lights and drifted off to sleep.
Trying to get your message across is better than attempting to say everything exactly as a native speaker would.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
Trying to intervene often just fans the flames, so it's best to step back.
Trying to juggle two jobs at once is an almost impossible task.
Trying to look busy while you’re not is the hardest work of all.
Trying to persuade Tom to do that will likely be a waste of time.
Trying to read a text in Toki Pona is like trying to tell what an inkblot looks like on a Rorschach test.
Trying to save his failing business is what's keeping him up at night.
Trying to say something, I racked my brain for the words to say but nothing came out.
Trying to secede from the mainland, the fissiparous polities have been causing serious problems to the central authority.
Trying to spot bodies in the middle of a vast ocean is a mammoth task.
Trying to teach a fool is like providing medical treatment for a dead man.
Trying to teach my cat to fetch was just tilting at windmills—she looked at me like I owed her money.
Trying to tempt her, I gazed into her face.
Trying to write, he found that “my hand made wrong letters,” that is to say he had not only aphasia, but “agraphia” or loss of power to write.
Tsanga Etoga Emile welds pieces of rejected household metal to produce window protectors in Etoudi, a neighborhood in Cameroon's capital, Yaounde.
Tsez has one hundred twenty-six cases.
Tsez is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by about 15,000 people in Dagestan.
Tsk tsk.
Tsk!
Tsubaki loves stuffed animals, right?
Tsuji says he uses resin, platinum and silicone as well as other materials to construct three-dimensional portraits of people such as Andy Warhol and Salvador Dali.
Tsukumogami wisdom about sustainable and responsible use of things is admirable: use the thing, or give it to someone who will use it, or don't buy it at all.
Tsunami hit Japan.
Tsunami waves may travel as fast as jet planes over deep waters, only slowing down when reaching shallow waters.
Tsunamis are deadly waves capable of razing entire cities in a matter of moments. To better understand them, researchers travel to disaster sites as soon as possible to investigate the causes of these devastating waves.
Tsunamis are giant oceanic waves triggered primarily by earthquakes that can roll ashore, causing loss of life and disaster.
Tsunamis are giant waves caused by earthquakes or volcanic eruptions under the sea.
Tsunamis are rare but deadly.
Tsunamis are very rare.
Tsunamis don't happen very often.
Tsunamis don't usually happen in Boston.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
Tu BiShvat is also a nature holiday.
Tu BiShvat is often called "Las Frutas" in Ladino.
Tuareg and Zenaga have retained a lot of characteristics from an older stage of Berber.
Tuareg languages are spoken in several countries, including Algeria, Burkina Faso, Libya, Mali, and Niger.
Tuareg men dress traditionally.
Tuareg nomads live in tents.
Tuareg nomads move often.
Tuareg swords are expensive.
Tuareg women are considered among the most beautiful in Africa.
Tuaregs are Berber herdsmen that live in the Sahara.
Tuaregs are Berber nomads of the Sahara.
Tuaregs are a Berberophone group.
Tuaregs are camel herders.
Tuaregs are nomads.
Tuaregs are nominally Muslim.
Tuaregs are proud of who they are.
Tuaregs are relatively taller compared to other Berbers.
Tuaregs are used to hard life.
Tuaregs are vastly outnumbered in Mali.
Tuaregs cross the Sahara by caravan.
Tuaregs expected to get their own independent state in the 1960s.
Tuaregs have a beautiful phenotype.
Tuaregs have a reputation for bravery and cunning.
Tuaregs have fighter dances.
Tuaregs hold their traditions dear.
Tuaregs live mainly on cattle herding.
Tuaregs live off their camels.
Tuaregs love their own handicraft.
Tuaregs reside in tents.
Tuaregs ride camels.
Tuaregs roam the vast Sahara Desert.
Tuaregs survive on the barest essentials.
Tuaregs travel by camel.
Tuaregs, a Berber-speaking group of the Sahara, are really tall.
Tuaregs, a Saharan Berber-speaking group, are culturally homogeneous.
Tube fares will rise from 1 April 1999.
Tuberculosis is a bacterial disease.
Tuberculosis is a vicious epidemic that is drastically underfunded. That was the takeaway message from the first high-level meeting focused on the infectious disease at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
Tuberculosis is treatable with antibiotics, but in thousands of cases, antibiotic misuse has caused the disease to become non-responsive to the drugs.
Tuberculosis killed 1.4 million people worldwide in 2019.
Tuberculosis patients were sent to a special hospital called a sanatorium.
Tuck in!
Tuck the sheet under the edge of the mat.
Tuck your shirt in.
Tucked inside the payload bay of Space Shuttle Discovery, the 24,000-pound telescope carried five science instruments.
Tucked under a sandstone overhang, Balcony House offers visitors a magnificent view of the surrounding countryside.
Tucker Carlson is a sociopath with an audience of sociopaths.
Tucker Carlson is a sociopath.
Tudor pennons were highly decorated with slogans and heraldic motifs.
Tuesday Lobsang Rampa's book The Hermit is of the paranormal genre. It describes beings with different colours on other worlds.
Tuesday evening we all panicked.
Tuesday is Independence Day.
Tuesday is World Health Day, which is being commemorated as the world faces one of the biggest international health threats of the past century.
Tuesday is World Health Day.
Tuesday is the second day of the week.
Tuesday marked the final day of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, marking the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II's accession to the throne.
Tuesday was certainly cold.
Tuesday we will go to the clubhouse.
Tuesday, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission became the first federal agency to ask its Washington employees to work from home after a staffer was treated for the coronavirus.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world.
Tuition fees must be paid not later than the 25th of this month.
Tuition will be raised by nearly ten percent as of April 1, 2001.
Tulips are Tom's favorite flowers.
Tulips are in full bloom now.
Tulips are my favorite flowers.
Tulips are my favorite kind of flower.
Tulips are my favourite flowers.
Tulips are my favourite kind of flower.
Tulips are my favourite variety of flower.
Tulips are our prefecture's official flower.
Tulips are our prefecture’s official flower.
Tulips are planted in the garden.
Tulips come into bloom soon.
Tulips grow around my castle.
Tulips will be in flower soon.
Tulips will bloom soon.
Tulkarem is a Palestinian town surrounded by a fence with a gate controlled by a few Israeli soldiers.
Tulkarem is a big jail for its Palestinian residents.
Tulugaq had mumbled speech and a furrowed brow.
Tulugaq was held self-responsible for her actions.
Tumblr is a popular blogging platform.
Tuna can swim very fast.
Tuna have a hydrodynamic body.
Tuna quickly became Japanese food.
Tuna sandwiches are usually made with mayonnaise.
Tuna tastes great with bread.
Tune in this Friday at 12pm to hear a special guest speaker talk about the benefits of outdoor activity!
Tune into our livestream at 9 pm PT.
Tune my guitar for me.
Tung fashioned a hamburger bun with characteristic bumps and protrusions resembling those found on the microscopic virus itself.
Tung oil is made from the seeds of the Tung tree.
Tungsten is a chemical element with the symbol W.
Tungsten is what makes cell phones vibrate, and tin is used in solder.
Tunics must be quite comfortable.
Tunis is Tunisia's capital.
Tunis is the capital of Tunisia.
Tunisia and Algeria gained independence from France in 1956 and 1962 respectively.
Tunisia and Libya are Algeria's eastern neighbors.
Tunisia appealed to Algeria for assistance.
Tunisia has a history of labor emigration.
Tunisia has more tourists compared to Algeria.
Tunisia is Algeria's near neighbor.
Tunisia is a good country.
Tunisia is a much smaller nation than Algeria.
Tunisia is a transit country for Algerian gas going to Italy.
Tunisia is called "Tunes" in Berber.
Tunisia is getting part of its electricity from Algeria.
Tunisia is located in Africa.
Tunisia relies on neighboring Algeria for part of its electricity.
Tunisia welcomes large numbers of Algerian tourists every year.
Tunisian hotels are cheap in low season.
Tunisians don't need a visa to enter Algeria.
Tunneling and secure protocols—like IPsec—permit the creation of effectively isolated nets within the Net: internets within the Internet.
Tunnels within sea ice called brine channels house bacteria and algae that feed flatworms and other tunnel-dwelling creatures.
Tuntivate, 23, said he believes a lack of role models for young Asian American athletes leads to a loss of diversity.
Tunupa was born in Bolivia.
Tupi makes up a considerable part of the vocabulary of Brazilian Portuguese.
Tupi means for Brazil what Latin and Greek mean for the Western world: it is a language that puts us in touch with our cultural and spiritual roots.
Tuppence had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin lines of her little face.
Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast.
Tuppence's large grey eyes looked misty.
Turan was among the Etruscans, in northern central Italy, the goddess of fertility and preservation.
Turin is the home of Fiat.
Turkey became an independent republic on October 29th 1923.
Turkey burgers are a lean choice.
Turkey did not qualify in this year's World Cup.
Turkey had a name change and now it's called Türkiye. Some people want to rename the turkeys, too.
Turkey has a well-developed and relatively inexpensive internet along with widespread smartphone use.
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter.
Turkey has declared a three-month state of emergency.
Turkey has kept its air open to Russian planes.
Turkey has never taken any concrete steps to protect the Palestinians.
Turkey has passed very important reform packages in Parliament during the European Union (EU) process.
Turkey has the world's largest refugee population.
Turkey imports a lot of gas from Algeria.
Turkey invests in Algeria's construction projects.
Turkey is a Christian country occupied by Muslims.
Turkey is a beautiful country.
Turkey is a country guilty of genocide.
Turkey is a country whose government, on the one hand, blocks social media over the assassination of the Hamas leader and, on the other, continues to supply energy to Israel.
Turkey is a developed country.
Turkey is a developing country.
Turkey is a football-crazy nation.
Turkey is a genocidal state at least as much as Israel.
Turkey is a genocidal state like its predecessor, the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey is a regional great power.
Turkey is a very important investor in Algeria.
Turkey is also the Muslim world's bridge to Europe.
Turkey is called "Türkiye" in Turkish.
Turkey is closing all the check-points of its border with Syria.
Turkey is cooperating with Azerbaijan to displace Armenians living in Artsakh.
Turkey is east of Greece.
Turkey is housing 4 million Syrian refugees and planning to relocate some of them in the areas it takes control of in northern Syria.
Turkey is key.
Turkey is killing innocent people in Kurdistan.
Turkey is nice, as long as you keep your mouth shut.
Turkey is probably Azerbaijan's best friend.
Turkey is responsible for the genocide of over a million Armenians, Greeks and Assyrians.
Turkey is so far the only country to recognise the so-called Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Turkey is the closest friend of Albania.
Turkey is the contemporary heir of the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey is the heir of the Ottoman Empire.
Turkey is usually eaten on Thanksgiving.
Turkey joined the UN in 1945, and in 1952 it became a member of NATO.
Turkey let millions of migrants and refugees through its borders.
Turkey must plead guilty to the crimes it committed against its own minorities.
Turkey must stop interfering in the internal affairs of other countries.
Turkey must withdraw its troops from Cyprus.
Turkey needs to think harder about border security after a recent spike in Islamic terror attacks.
Turkey produces a lot of minerals.
Turkey promised to send aid to the region.
Turkey relies heavily on imports, especially for energy.
Turkey remains China's bridge to Europe.
Turkey remains Europe's bridge to the Middle East.
Turkey remains Europe's bridge to the Muslim world.
Turkey was stronger than Greece.
Turkey will never be able to join the European Union in the near or distant future.
Turkey's Sea of Marmara is battling an explosion of sea algae, dubbed sea snot, which is now threatening an ecological disaster.
Turkey's first coronavirus case has been confirmed.
Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan took in the largest number of Syrian refugees.
Turkeys are huge birds.
Turkeys are majestic creatures.
Turkeys are much larger than chickens.
Turkeys do not vote for Christmas.
Turkish citizens resisted the coup on the streets.
Turkish distinguishes between dotted and dotless "I"s. There are capital and lowercase versions of both.
Turkish drones have become one of the most strategic weapons of Ukraine in this war.
Turkish exports to Algeria include clothes.
Turkish grammar is very systematic and very consistent.
Turkish has a different word order.
Turkish is a Turkic language.
Turkish is a difficult language.
Turkish is a very regular and logical language.
Turkish is about to become the second most used language in Tatoeba, surpassed only by English.
Turkish is an agglutinating language.
Turkish is the official language of Turkey.
Turkish runes are interesting to study.
Turkish war of independence against Eurpean imperialist powers had lasted from 1919 to 1923.
Turkish warships intercepted a Greek boat which was suspected of carrying illegal immigrants.
Turkish, French, German and British leaders met by videoconference Tuesday to commit themselves to joint actions on the Syrian refugee crisis and coronavirus pandemic.
Turkmenistan has created its own brutal flavor of authoritarianism.
Turkmenistan is the North Korea of Central Asia.
Turkmenistan’s leader has unveiled a six-meter-high gilded statue of a dog in the center of a busy traffic circle in the nation’s capital, Ashgabat.
Turks and Kurds are brothers.
Turks are a very friendly nation.
Turks have returned, resting on the mountain side.
Turku is older than Helsinki.
Turmeric gives food an intense yellow color.
Turn 360 degrees and walk away.
Turn about is fair play.
Turn all your love to God.
Turn around and close your eyes.
Turn around and face the other way.
Turn around and face the wall.
Turn around and help me.
Turn around and let me see.
Turn around and look.
Turn around and open your eyes.
Turn around and smile for the camera.
Turn around and walk out of here.
Turn around for a second, will you?
Turn around for a second.
Turn around slowly.
Turn around with your hands up.
Turn around!
Turn around, I need to change.
Turn around, and look at me.
Turn around, please.
Turn around.
Turn around. Now, without looking, guess how many fingers I'm holding up.
Turn at that corner there.
Turn at the first corner to the right.
Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me.
Turn back before it's too late.
Turn back if you want to see her.
Turn back!
Turn back, please.
Turn big problems into small ones, and make small problems into nothing.
Turn cell phone ringers off.
Turn counterclockwise to open.
Turn down the TV a little. I'm trying to go to sleep.
Turn down the TV a little. I’m trying to go to sleep.
Turn down the TV, please.
Turn down the TV.
Turn down the fucking music!
Turn down the heat a little.
Turn down the music before you kill us all.
Turn down the music.
Turn down the radio, or you'll make me deaf!
Turn down the radio.
Turn down the radio. I can't hear a word you're saying.
Turn down the stereo.
Turn down the television.
Turn down the volume, please.
Turn down the volume.
Turn everything off.
Turn hard left.
Turn here to get on the subway.
Turn here to take a shortcut.
Turn here.
Turn him down once and for all.
Turn him down once for all.
Turn in your homework.
Turn in your papers.
Turn in your report.
Turn in your test papers.
Turn into this alley.
Turn it around.
Turn it down!
Turn it down.
Turn it down. We're trying to watch a movie here.
Turn it off right now!
Turn it off!
Turn it off, Tom.
Turn it off, please.
Turn it off, then turn it back on.
Turn it off.
Turn it on now.
Turn it on.
Turn it over.
Turn it over. This crap is unbearable.
Turn it up!
Turn it up.
Turn it upside down.
Turn it.
Turn left after five hundred metres.
Turn left after the pizza restaurant.
Turn left again.
Turn left and you will find the cafe.
Turn left and you'll find the cafe.
Turn left at that corner.
Turn left at the corner.
Turn left at the end of the road. The entrance to the office is ten metres further along.
Turn left at the first corner.
Turn left at the first intersection.
Turn left at the first junction.
Turn left at the first light.
Turn left at the next corner, and you'll find the station.
Turn left at the next corner, and you’ll find the station.
Turn left at the next corner.
Turn left at the next crossing.
Turn left at the next intersection, and walk about half a block, and you'll see the post office on your right.
Turn left at the next intersection, walk about half a block, and you'll see the post office on your right.
Turn left at the next traffic lights.
Turn left at the second traffic light.
Turn left at the stop sign, and you'll see the post office on your right.
Turn left at the stop sign.
Turn left at the third traffic light.
Turn left from the car park, go straight over the roundabout and turn right into Green Street.
Turn left here.
Turn left onto Fifth Avenue.
Turn left onto Park Street.
Turn left onto that road.
Turn left onto this road.
Turn left up ahead.
Turn left when you get to the fork in the road.
Turn left!
Turn left, and you'll find the cafe.
Turn left, and you'll find the café.
Turn left.
Turn me up real loud.
Turn my headphones up!
Turn north, walk to the second alley, and you're there.
Turn off that TV now!
Turn off the TV and go to sleep.
Turn off the TV before going to bed, OK?
Turn off the TV before you go to bed, OK?
Turn off the TV if you're not using it, my dear.
Turn off the TV if you're not using it, my little munchkin.
Turn off the TV if you're not using it, my sweetie pie.
Turn off the TV!
Turn off the TV, will you?
Turn off the TV.
Turn off the air conditioner.
Turn off the air conditioner; it's cold in here.
Turn off the alarm.
Turn off the bedside light.
Turn off the camera.
Turn off the car engine.
Turn off the computer.
Turn off the damn camera!
Turn off the electricity.
Turn off the engine.
Turn off the fan.
Turn off the faucet!
Turn off the fog lights.
Turn off the gas.
Turn off the headlights.
Turn off the heater.
Turn off the kitchen light, please.
Turn off the lamp when you're done reading the book.
Turn off the lamp.
Turn off the lamp. I want to sleep.
Turn off the lamp. I won't be able to sleep.
Turn off the lamp. I won’t be able to sleep.
Turn off the light - I can't sleep.
Turn off the light and go to sleep.
Turn off the light as you go out.
Turn off the light before you go to bed.
Turn off the light on leaving the room.
Turn off the light when you're done.
Turn off the light, please.
Turn off the light, please. The mosquitoes are coming.
Turn off the light.
Turn off the light. I can't fall asleep.
Turn off the lights and be a superhero for the planet.
Turn off the lights and go to sleep.
Turn off the lights when you leave the room, please.
Turn off the lights when you leave the room.
Turn off the lights.
Turn off the machines.
Turn off the music.
Turn off the oven, crack open the oven door and let the Pavlova cool for one hour.
Turn off the phone.
Turn off the radio and put on the television!
Turn off the radio and turn on the television!
Turn off the radio!
Turn off the radio, please.
Turn off the radio.
Turn off the sprinklers.
Turn off the stove!
Turn off the stove.
Turn off the tap once you're finished filling your glass.
Turn off the television.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
Turn off the television. I can’t concentrate.
Turn off the telly.
Turn off the vacuum cleaner!
Turn off the water!
Turn off the water.
Turn off this song, it makes my ears bleed.
Turn off this song, it's ear rape.
Turn off your cell phone during the class.
Turn off your cell phone!
Turn off your cell phone, please.
Turn off your cellphone.
Turn off your flashlight, he'll see you.
Turn off your flashlight, she'll see you.
Turn off your phone and put it away.
Turn off your phone.
Turn off your torch, they will see you.
Turn on CNN.
Turn on channel four.
Turn on the TV.
Turn on the air conditioner, please.
Turn on the air conditioner.
Turn on the air conditioner. It's really hot in here.
Turn on the air conditioner; I'm dying of heat.
Turn on the computer.
Turn on the extractor fan when you're cooking, please.
Turn on the extractor hood when you're cooking, please.
Turn on the fan.
Turn on the fog lights.
Turn on the gas.
Turn on the headlights.
Turn on the heater if you feel cold.
Turn on the heating if you're cold.
Turn on the ignition.
Turn on the lamp.
Turn on the light please.
Turn on the light!
Turn on the light, please.
Turn on the light, please. I can't see anything at all.
Turn on the light.
Turn on the light. I can't see a thing.
Turn on the light. I can't see anything.
Turn on the light. I don't see anything.
Turn on the lights.
Turn on the microphone.
Turn on the phone charger for me please.
Turn on the power.
Turn on the radio, please.
Turn on the radio.
Turn on the rice cooker, please.
Turn on the security system.
Turn on the sound, please.
Turn on the spotlight.
Turn on the stove, please.
Turn on the stove.
Turn on the television in the United States and you are sure to be bombarded with advertisements for a dizzying array of weight-loss products and programs.
Turn on the television.
Turn on your back.
Turn on your brain!
Turn on your brains!
Turn on your computer!
Turn on your flashing lights!
Turn on your fog lights!
Turn on your fog lights.
Turn on your headlamps!
Turn on your headlights.
Turn on your signal light.
Turn on your webcam.
Turn on, tune in, drop out.
Turn over a new stone.
Turn right after the synagogue.
Turn right after the traffic lights.
Turn right at the crossroad.
Turn right at the end of that street.
Turn right at the first corner, please.
Turn right at the first traffic light.
Turn right at the intersection.
Turn right at the junction.
Turn right at the light.
Turn right at the next corner, please.
Turn right at the next corner.
Turn right at the next crossing.
Turn right at the next intersection.
Turn right at the next junction.
Turn right at the next street.
Turn right at the red light.
Turn right at the second corner on the right.
Turn right at the second corner.
Turn right at the traffic light.
Turn right at the traffic lights.
Turn right here, please.
Turn right into Lakeside Road.
Turn right into Seestraße.
Turn right on the next street.
Turn right onto Park Street.
Turn right there, after the baker's. It's easy to miss the junction.
Turn right there.
Turn right, please.
Turn right.
Turn round.
Turn that flipping music off!
Turn that frown upside down!
Turn that frown upside down.
Turn that music down!
Turn that off.
Turn that radio down at once.
Turn that thing off.
Turn that up.
Turn the A/C on.
Turn the Christmas tree lights off when you leave the house.
Turn the TV down, please.
Turn the TV off.
Turn the TV off. You're not even watching it.
Turn the barrel adjuster anticlockwise to tighten the cable.
Turn the camera off.
Turn the car around.
Turn the computer on.
Turn the corner and you will see the stadium.
Turn the corner and you'll see the store you're looking for.
Turn the corner and you’ll see the store you’re looking for.
Turn the dishes over to dry.
Turn the electricity off.
Turn the engine off.
Turn the fan off.
Turn the fan on.
Turn the faucet to start the water flow.
Turn the flame down low.
Turn the flashlight on.
Turn the handle to lower the window.
Turn the handle to open the door.
Turn the heat down.
Turn the heat up a little.
Turn the heater off.
Turn the heater up.
Turn the heating down a little and you will save on energy costs.
Turn the heating on if you're cold.
Turn the hose off.
Turn the key to the left.
Turn the key to the right.
Turn the kitchen light off, please.
Turn the knob and open the door.
Turn the knob anticlockwise.
Turn the knob clockwise.
Turn the knob counterclockwise.
Turn the knob to roll down the window.
Turn the knob.
Turn the light off when you're done.
Turn the light off.
Turn the light off. I can't fall asleep.
Turn the light off. I can’t fall asleep.
Turn the light on, please.
Turn the light on.
Turn the light on. I can't see a thing.
Turn the light on. I can't see anything.
Turn the light over here, will you?
Turn the lights off when you leave the room.
Turn the lights on, otherwise I can't work.
Turn the lights on.
Turn the lights out now.
Turn the music down a bit.
Turn the music down!
Turn the music down.
Turn the music off.
Turn the music off; I have a headache.
Turn the music up!
Turn the music up.
Turn the other cheek.
Turn the page, please.
Turn the page.
Turn the radio down a little.
Turn the radio down please! I can't bear it anymore.
Turn the radio down.
Turn the radio down. I can't hear what you're saying.
Turn the radio off.
Turn the radio on, please.
Turn the radio on.
Turn the radio on. The programme's started.
Turn the radio up a bit.
Turn the radio up a little.
Turn the radio up, please.
Turn the sound off.
Turn the sound on, please.
Turn the sound on.
Turn the stove off.
Turn the tap off.
Turn the television off.
Turn the telly on, please.
Turn the torch on.
Turn the volume down.
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
Turn the volume up.
Turn the wheel as fast as you can.
Turn them off.
Turn them on.
Turn this around.
Turn this music off immediately.
Turn this off.
Turn this to the right, and the machine will start.
Turn this way.
Turn three hundred sixty degrees and walk away.
Turn to channel 1.
Turn to face the back please.
Turn to me for help if you are in difficulty.
Turn to page 30, and read the third paragraph.
Turn to page 50 of the textbook.
Turn to page 9.
Turn to the left immediately after the corner.
Turn to the left without regard to the signal.
Turn to the left!
Turn to the left.
Turn to the right at the corner, and you will find it on your left.
Turn to the right, and you'll find my office.
Turn to the right, and you'll find the hotel.
Turn to the right, and you’ll find my office.
Turn to the right, and you’ll find the hotel.
Turn to the right.
Turn toward me, please.
Turn towards me, please.
Turn up the TV.
Turn up the bass.
Turn up the heat a little.
Turn up the heat.
Turn up the heater if you feel cold.
Turn up the heater.
Turn up the music!
Turn up the music.
Turn up the radio a little bit.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
Turn up the radio. I can’t hear it.
Turn up the volume first.
Turn up the volume.
Turn up.
Turn what happened into something better, so that the harm ends up turning into benefit.
Turn your bag inside out.
Turn your books to the next page.
Turn your brain back on.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the movie.
Turn your brain off and enjoy the show.
Turn your brain off.
Turn your face this way.
Turn your gaze this way.
Turn your head a little bit more to Mennad.
Turn your head sideways.
Turn your head to the left.
Turn your head to the right.
Turn your horses around.
Turn your misfortune to account.
Turn your papers in.
Turn your phone off and put it away.
Turn your phone off.
Turn your phones off.
Turn your words from garbage into gold.
Turn yourself in to the police.
Turnabout is fair play.
Turner said the surrounding rock was 890 million years old, which would make the fossils she discovered about 350 million years older than the oldest undisputed sponge fossils previously found.
Turner stands out among the painters of his time.
Turner was able to be fully awake and performing as the tumor was removed.
Turner’s surgery was a success, and she was released from the hospital and back home in just three days.
Turning around, Jesus saw them following and asked, "What do you want?"
Turning his gaze upwards, he looked at the sky.
Turning left you will find the bus stop.
Turning off the lights is a small step that can make a big difference in preserving our resources.
Turning off the lights when you leave the room is a simple way to help reduce our carbon footprint.
Turning over such things in her inflamed heart, the goddess came to the country of storm-clouds, Aeolia, breeding place of the raging winds.
Turning right, you'll find the hospital on your left.
Turning right, you’ll find the hospital on your left.
Turning the air conditioning on leads to increased fuel consumption.
Turning the corner, you will find my house.
Turning the door handle, Tom found to his surprise that the door was unlocked.
Turning the door handle, Tom found to his surprise that the door wasn't locked.
Turning the steering wheel makes the car turn.
Turning the tide, you are on the incoming wave.
Turning to the left, you will find a coffee shop.
Turning to the left, you will find the gas station.
Turning to the left, you will find the post office.
Turning to the left, you will find the restaurant on your right.
Turning to the right, you will come to the museum.
Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
Turning to the west, he saw that the sun had disappeared.
Turnips and bok choy are the same species.
Turnips are easy to grow.
Turnout was very low.
Turnover in the current year has increased by 10 per cent.
Turnover in the current year has increased by 10%.
Turns are context-shaped.
Turns are followed by turns.
Turns out I never lost my wallet. It was in my desk the whole time!
Turns out such a sentence already exists.
Turns out that Tom is younger than he told me he was.
Turns out that being a fisherman is no easy task.
Turns out that he won by mistake.
Turns out that the house is infested with Garter snakes. They're everywhere!
Turns out that the house is infested with Garter snakes. They’re everywhere!
Turot ran up the slope, got a piece of chocolate and a croissant from Jeanne, and started back for the mountain.
Turpan grapes are famous worldwide.
Turpan is indeed very hot. Even the government is unable to control the temperature.
Turpentine is widely used as a solvent in paints, varnishes and lacquers.
Turpin has been navigating lava tour boats for many years and has lived on the Big Island since 1983.
Tursun said something about going to France.
Tursun took a carrot or something of the sort from the fridge.
Turtle doves are vulnerable to global extinction.
Turtle doves have a great liking for sunflower seeds.
Turtle hatchlings get confused by beachfront lights.
Turtles are not as fast as rabbits.
Turtles are reptiles.
Turtles aren't as fast as rabbits.
Turtles don't have teeth.
Turtles don't usually battle to the death, but Tom's do.
Turtles enjoy the warm sun.
Turtles have a lifespan of 10 to over 100 years.
Turtles have no teeth.
Turtles hibernate.
Turtles lay eggs.
Turtles lay their eggs in the sand.
Turtles live a long time.
Turtles live long.
Turtles live to a great age.
Turtles might have Salmonella germs on their bodies even when they appear healthy and clean.
Turtles use sargassum mats as nurseries where hatchlings have food and shelter.
Turtles usually live a long time.
Turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators and crocodiles are reptiles.
Tuscany is one of my favorite regions.
Tusk is not my favorite Fleetwood Mac album.
Tutankhamun was the son of Akhenaten.
Tuvalu has few natural resources, except for its fisheries.
Tuvalu has substantial assets abroad.
Tux is an Antarctic bird.
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
Tuxedos can be rented.
Twelve angry people sat together.
Twelve are present at the meeting.
Twelve boxers chase Victor across the big Sylter dike.
Twelve cookies are split between four people, so that's three cookies each.
Twelve divided by three is four.
Twelve gentlemen of the Horse Guards were empanelled, having unanimously chosen Mr. Alexander Truncheon, who is their right-hand man in the troop, for their foreman in the jury.
Twelve is an even number.
Twelve million people are unemployed.
Twelve musicians constitute the society.
Twelve of the soldiers were killed.
Twelve people are on my list.
Twelve people have walked on the moon.
Twelve people now live under her roof, including her two grown children, grandchildren, in-laws and other relatives.
Twelve people were injured in the accident.
Twelve percent of American transgender people have been harassed in public restrooms.
Twelve percent of Russia's territory is covered in swamps.
Twelve plus twenty-one is thirty-three. Thirteen plus thirty-one is forty-four.
Twelve sailors stand on the deck, looking longingly towards the shore.
Twelve separatists were convicted and given long prison sentences for their roles in holding the banned secession referendum in 2017. They then declared independence a few days after the results. Unionists boycotted the referendum, which was held amid a large police presence intent on stopping it.
Twelve symbols are depicted in the table: six human beings and three animals (bull, horse and pigeon).
Twelve to fifteen years ago, there lived in the town, in a private home on the main street, a clerk, Gromov — a trustworthy and wealthy man.
Twelve years is old for a dog.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
Twelve-year-old Alice Brownotter ran a total distance of nearly twenty-five hundred kilometres from North Dakota to the United States capital to call for more protection of fresh water sources. "Water is life," she said, "and when the oil pipeline under the Missouri River breaks, it will affect everyone."
Twelve-year-old Bethanie Borst started archery lessons seven weeks ago, after reading "The Hunger Games," a book featuring a young heroine who wields a bow.
Twenties and some smaller bills, please.
Twenty below zero is summer in Arkhangelsk.
Twenty divided by ten equals two.
Twenty divided by two is ten.
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan.
Twenty dollars aren't enough to support a family for even a day.
Twenty families live here.
Twenty four trials were conducted, some involving multiple defendants, resulting in thirty two convictions and thirteen acquittals.
Twenty is a beautiful age.
Twenty is a wonderful age.
Twenty is four times five.
Twenty miles is a long distance to walk.
Twenty million dollars are spent each year to fight this parasitic pest.
Twenty minutes into the movie, Leon came in and sat beside Amelia.
Twenty minutes later a little girl came traipsing along.
Twenty narwhals were caught illegally, and nine persons were charged.
Twenty people attended the party.
Twenty people died in a fire.
Twenty people perished in the blaze.
Twenty people were detained by the Federal Police.
Twenty percent fluent? What does that mean?
Twenty police have arrived on the scene.
Twenty railroads were closed down.
Twenty six soldiers were executed for desertion.
Twenty sparrowhawks flee before an owl.
Twenty teams entered the tournament.
Twenty thousand days is a long time.
Twenty thousand years ago, humans lived in grassy tundras near the Arctic Circle.
Twenty thousand yen, please.
Twenty to one it'll work.
Twenty years ago that was a huge amount.
Twenty years already passed.
Twenty years have gone by and my German is not what it used to be.
Twenty years have passed, and nothing has changed.
Twenty years is a long time.
Twenty years of life in London society had so thoroughly Anglicised the Count, that his conversation had become perfectly insular, and the Italian accent was only noticeable at times.
Twenty years together and you still don't know me.
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty or thirty-one days make up a month.
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, or thirty-one days make a month.
Twenty-five cents is all I needed to take the bus.
Twenty-five hundred British soldiers guarded the border.
Twenty-five percent of fifty is twelve and a half.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, milk, mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine.
Twenty-five years from now there will be one retired person for each two working.
Twenty-four people have died since the blazes began.
Twenty-four percent of the people in group one [men born between 1960 to 1964], almost one-in-four, didn't work because they were in prison.
Twenty-four years after its reunification, Germany has become America’s most valuable European partner, says Annette Heuser, executive director and founder of the Bertelsmann Foundation, the Washington-based arm of a German-based organization promoting trans-Atlantic ties.
Twenty-nine of the deaths occurred in a northern California fire that destroyed the town of Paradise and is still only 25 percent contained.
Twenty-one children and young adults accused federal officials and oil industry executives of violating their due process rights by knowing for decades that carbon pollution poisons the environment but doing nothing about it.
Twenty-seven percent of questioners posed questions about the economy, while health care accounted for 15 percent of queries—and even these questions often contained a financial or economic component.
Twenty-six species of sturgeon can be found in temperate waters of the Northern Hemisphere, two of which reside on the West Coast of North America: the green sturgeon (Acipenser medirostris) and the white sturgeon (Acipenser transmontanus).
Twenty-three centuries ago, the Greek philosopher Epicurus wrote about the existence of other worlds in a letter to Herodotus.
Twenty-three-year-old Cyrus Wambua is one of those riders. Born and raised in Machakos, Wambua has been riding since he was a child. He says his mother encouraged him to start.
Twenty-two languages ​​are included in the eighth schedule of India.
Twenty20 cricket is popular in India.
Twice 3 is 6.
Twice I have tried to kill myself.
Twice a week the gardener would come to mow the grass, so I could never lie and read in the long grass.
Twice a week, the gardener would come to mow the lawn, so I could never lie down in the tall grass.
Twice a year he sends his car in for extensive detailing.
Twice and thrice had I loved thee before I knew thy face or name.
Twice two is equal to four.
Twice two is four.
Twice, as he tramped through the rain to Dunseveric House, he stopped and almost decided to turn back.
Twig in beak, the diminutive bird pranced atop the thick branch.
Twigs in beak, the magpie flies to its old nest in the birch.
Twilight forms in the early morning and dusk in the late evening.
Twilight offers the best chance of seeing wild animals.
Twilight offers the best opportunity for seeing wild animals.
Twilight was falling.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star! How I wonder what you are, Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky.
Twinned crystals, in which the two individuals may be connected by a single plane or may be interpenetrating, a star shape often resulting in the latter case, are common; sometimes, if of the octahedron type, they are beautifully symmetrical.
Twins are clones.
Twins are usually premature.
Twins double the fun.
Twins often are very similar.
Twins often dress alike.
Twins sometimes can't be told apart.
Twirl around and let me see you.
Twist that knob to the right and the box will open.
Twitter has released a feature that can detect a mean tweet and prompt a user to be sure they really want to send it.
Twitter has silenced Jordan Peterson.
Twitter is Trump's preferred media of communication.
Twitter is a good example of absurdity.
Twitter is a website where people go to directly insult celebrities.
Twitter is a website where people go to see celebrities whine.
Twitter is among the biggest enemies of Islam.
Twitter is better and more secure than Facebook.
Twitter is down again.
Twitter is not a real friend.
Twitter is not good enough.
Twitter is one of the most popular social media platforms in America.
Twitter is where reporters are hanging out all day and flogging their stories.
Twitter loves open source.
Twitter suspended his account.
Twitter's algorithm already had a right-wing bias before its acquisition by arch-reactionary Elon Musk.
Two 15 million-year-old flowers trapped in amber turn out to be a “completely new” species.
Two 45-cent stamps, please.
Two Algerian diplomats were kidnapped and killed by terrorists in Mali.
Two Algerian diplomats were killed by terrorists in Mali.
Two American students live in this dorm.
Two Australian men flew from Sydney Monday on their way to Antarctica for an attempt at a record-breaking pole trek.
Two COVID-sniffing dogs, a Belgium Malinois and a Dutch shepherd, are smelling the face coverings of employees at Miami International Airport to detect the presence of the coronavirus that causes the COVID-19 disease.
Two Canadian sisters, Chloe Dufour-Lapointe and Justine Dufour-Lapointe, won the gold and silver in the women's freestyle skiing moguls.
Two Canadian students were almost killed by the collapse of the bridge.
Two Hungarians went out for a picnic. "I will bring food, you take care of the tent", said Laci to Tamás. "Fine", said Tamás. At the picnic, they had two tents, but both of them remained hungry.
Two Indians were killed.
Two Iranian professors of physics were assassinated.
Two Italian émigrés who live in the Austrian region of Tyrol, and who recently returned from a trip to northern Italy, tested positive for the virus.
Two NASA astronauts safely landed back on Earth after a trip to the International Space Station.
Two Palestinian prisoners escaped from a prison in the Negev.
Two U.S. space agency NASA astronauts and a Russian cosmonaut landed Friday in Kazakhstan after months on board the International Space Station.
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.
Two adult tickets, please.
Two adults, please.
Two aeroplanes, one large and one small, were parked in the hangar.
Two against one is not a fair fight.
Two against one isn't a fair fight.
Two agricultural agreements signed between the EU and Morocco were canceled by the European Court of Justice because they violated the rights of the Sahrawi people.
Two airplanes, one large and one small, were at rest in the hangar.
Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun.
Two and a half hours ago.
Two and four are both even numbers.
Two and four are even numbers.
Two and three halves to London, please.
Two and two are four.
Two and two is four.
Two and two make four.
Two apparatus were damaged at the fire scene after having been parked too near to the soon-to-collapse structure.
Two apples are baking in an oven. One of them says, "It sure is hot in here." The other goes, "AHHH! A talking apple!"
Two are better than one, because they have a good return for their labor: for if one falls, the other can lift up his fellow, but woe to the one who falls and has no one to pick him up. Also, if two lie together, they can keep warm, but how does one person keep warm? And if one attacks, two can stand against him, and a threefold thread is not easily broken.
Two are fighting - a third is profiting.
Two are fighting, and a third is benefiting.
Two are too many, three's a crowd and four you're dead.
Two argue, and a third benefits.
Two assassins moved in and shot Yanni a total of four times in the head.
Two asteroids collided in deep space.
Two bags of cement will be enough.
Two bears can't live in one cave.
Two bears cannot live in the same den.
Two bears cannot live together in one lair.
Two beers please.
Two beers, please.
Two big pivot guns throw eleven inch shells.
Two big powers have signed a secret agreement.
Two bishops working together control so many squares that they can dominate the board.
Two black holes collided while orbiting a supermassive black hole.
Two blacks do not make a white.
Two blonde women are sitting near the fountain.
Two blue cars were racing each other on a deserted road.
Two bodies cannot occupy the same place in space.
Two bombs fell on the city.
Two books stand out among the dozens recently published on the Royal Family.
Two bottles of mineral water, please.
Two boys are absent from school today.
Two boys came running out of the room.
Two boys came up behind him and gave him a push.
Two boys stood in front of me.
Two brothers set out on a journey together.
Two brothers went to travel together.
Two bulbous women were kissing on a park bench.
Two cackling geese live by the pond.
Two can play at that game!
Two can play at that game.
Two candles gave light.
Two carriages need to be decoupled.
Two cars collided.
Two cars drove into each other on the highway.
Two cars have collided.
Two cars overtook us.
Two cars were in an accident.
Two cats balanced on a ledge.
Two cats climbed up on a chair.
Two cells (a sperm and an egg) come together to form a new cell (the embryo), which replicates by division in geometric progression to form a human being, which has about 37 trillion cells.
Two children are perched on a fence.
Two children are sitting on the fence.
Two children are sitting on the wall.
Two children are sitting on top of the fence.
Two children are talking to each other.
Two children played by the house.
Two children talked to each other.
Two children that have the same mother but different fathers we call half-siblings.
Two children were playing on the road.
Two coffees with milk, please.
Two coffees, please.
Two colas, please.
Two comes after one.
Two confused sparrows flew in through the door and out through the window.
Two copes were made for the royal chapel.
Two copies of the current agreement were printed and will be signed by the two sides.
Two countries with the world’s oldest populations, Japan and Germany, are training geriatric nurses in Vietnam to help fill critical health care gaps at home.
Two criminals escaped from prison.
Two crows are flying in the sky.
Two cubed is eight.
Two cups of tea and three cups of coffee, please.
Two cups of tea and two cups of coffee, please.
Two dark, jagged peaks loomed above them through the darkness.
Two day returns to Norwich, please.
Two days ago I quit my job.
Two days ago the schools opened.
Two days ago the wind blew.
Two days ago, I read that book.
Two days ago, legendary Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan himself wished the filmmaker and Chanchal Chowdhury all the best.
Two days had passed.
Two days have passed.
Two days later he was discharged from a detoxification clinic.
Two days later, Tom was dead.
Two days later, he apologized for the remarks, saying he "misspoke" when he discussed that case.
Two days later, toward noon, Sandy began to show signs of excitement and feverish expectancy. She said we were approaching the ogre's castle. I was surprised into an uncomfortable shock. The object of our quest had gradually dropped out of my mind; this sudden resurrection of it made it seem quite a real and startling thing for a moment, and roused up in me a smart interest. Sandy's excitement increased every moment; and so did mine, for that sort of thing is catching. My heart got to thumping. You can't reason with your heart; it has its own laws, and thumps about things which the intellect scorns.
Two days passed.
Two decades ago on Sunday, Germany ended its East-West divide and reunified as one country, after more than forty years of separation.
Two decades ago, the Buddhist monks of Pa Book temple in Lamphun, Thailand set a goal to cut waste to zero.
Two detectives followed the suspect.
Two detectives from Scotlandyard came to ask Rodrigo some questions.
Two detectives pursued the suspect.
Two devices are coordinated with each other if they work together.
Two different parties with common interests were on the warpath when he cut in to settle the dispute.
Two different versions were made with the same melody but with different words.
Two distinct points determine a unique straight line.
Two divisions have surrendered.
Two doctors were talking shop.
Two dogs can be different, but similar.
Two dogs fight for a bone, and the third runs away with it.
Two dogs guard the entrance.
Two dogs guard the house.
Two don't fight if one doesn't want to.
Two dumb guys go bear hunting. They see a sign saying "Bear left", so they go home.
Two eagles cannot live together.
Two eagles do not nest together.
Two earls were with Hálogi. One was called Vífill and the other Véseti.
Two eggs have finished breaking.
Two eggs provide 140 calories, the equivalent of some 350 grams of milk and 50 grams of meat.
Two entry tickets, please.
Two experienced campers falling off a cliff... Is that part of a joke?
Two families live in that house.
Two families live in the house.
Two families live in the same house.
Two families live in this house.
Two families — human and fowl — are now watching each other, and the world is watching them through social media.
Two fat men trying to pass through a narrow doorway are in checkmate.
Two female bears do not spend the winter in the same lair.
Two figures did not match.
Two figures emerged from the room.
Two fire trains were sent to the site of the fire.
Two firefighters put their lives in danger to save the children.
Two firms compete with each other for market leadership.
Two five-year-olds in Russia escaped through a self-dug tunnel from their kindergarten - and then tried to buy a jaguar.
Two flashes of lightning lit up the night.
Two flashes of lightning, following each other very closely, showed in the distance the grey turrets of Wolf's Crag, and, more nearly, the rollowing billows of the ocean, crested suddenly with red and dazzling light.
Two for the lunch buffet, please.
Two fried eggs and coffee, please.
Two friends brought him help.
Two frogs are sitting on the bank, when it starts to rain. One of them says, "Quick, get in the water so we don't get wet."
Two from ten leaves eight.
Two gentlemen have been waiting to see you.
Two gentlemen were awaiting us in the station—the one a tall, fair man with lion-like hair and beard and curiously penetrating light blue eyes; the other a small, alert person, very neat and dapper, in a frock-coat and gaiters, with trim little side-whiskers and an eye-glass.
Two geometric figures are congruent if they have the same shape and size.
Two girls and three boys live in the apartment, each one coming from a different country.
Two girls are picking daisies.
Two girls played on the seesaw.
Two girls threw up on the bus in two days.
Two girls were fighting over a doll.
Two girls were hanging on to Tom's arms.
Two glasses of apple juice, please.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
Two global studies in children with hemophilia A are ongoing.
Two grams of pepper is enough.
Two grams of pepper will do.
Two graveyards discovered in Northern Niger are providing important insight into life in the African Sahara when it was green and lush.
Two great civilizations slowly fell into decay.
Two green parrots speak to me.
Two green parrots were talking to me.
Two groups of mice were fed diets containing either 0.5 percent or one percent phosphate, levels roughly equivalent to normal amounts consumed in a human diet.
Two groups united to form a party.
Two hands clap and there is a sound. What is the sound of one hand?
Two hands do everything, one hand does nothing.
Two hands placed firmly together, meaning please or thank you in Japanese culture, is the “folded hands” emoji.
Two hawks are perched on one branch.
Two he-goats, belonging to his herd, were jealous of one another, and at last engaged in fight, butting at each other so violently that one of them had a horn broken, and ran away in great pain, bellowing loudly.
Two heads are better than one.
Two heaping handfuls of cheese made for a rather unwieldy quesadilla.
Two hearts become one.
Two heavily armed guys stood at James's door.
Two hens are taken by a fox.
Two high school boys beat Tom black and blue.
Two high school boys beat him black and blue.
Two hikers got lost in the woods. When rescuers found them weeks later, they were all skin and bones.
Two hornbills arrived.
Two horses are in the paddock.
Two horses: This one is here and that one is there.
Two hours have passed.
Two hours is too long to wait.
Two hours is too short for us to discuss the matter.
Two hours later she was no longer half-drunk – more like three-quarters.
Two hours of forced idleness went by.
Two hours passed.
Two hours upstate from the bright lights of Broadway and the bankers of Wall Street is another New York entirely — one with green pastures, open skies, and no shortage of livestock. Small-town voters there may have a big impact this election season, and with just days to go before the state's Republican and Democratic primaries, many are still undecided.
Two houses were burned down in the fire.
Two huge bull elephants duelled for several days to determine which one would father the next generation.
Two hundred dollars is a lot of money for me.
Two hundred dollars is a lot to me.
Two hundred dollars was all we needed.
Two hundred eight pounds per person and a hundred fifty three for students.
Two hundred fifty kilograms is an extraordinary weight even for a sumo wrestler.
Two hundred houses burned down yesterday.
Two hundred houses were burnt down in the fire which broke out yesterday.
Two hundred million years after the solar collision innumerable species of sub-human grazers with long sheep-like muzzles, ample molars, and almost ruminant digestive systems, were competing with one another on the polar continent. Upon these preyed the sub-human carnivora, of whom some were built for speed in the chase, others for stalking and a sudden spring. But since jumping was no easy matter on Neptune, the cat-like types were all minute. They preyed upon man's more rabbit-like and rat-like descendants, or on the carrion of the larger mammals, or on the lusty worms and beetles. These had sprung originally from vermin which had been transported accidentally from Venus. For of all the ancient Venerian fauna only man himself, a few insects and other invertebrates, and many kinds of micro-organisms, succeeded in colonizing Neptune. Of plants, many types had been artificially bred for the new world, and from these eventually arose a host of grasses, flowering plants, thick-trunked bushes, and novel sea-weeds. On this marine flora fed certain highly developed marine worms; and of these last, some in time became vertebrate, predatory, swift and fish-like. On these in turn man's own marine descendants preyed, whether as sub-human seals, or still more specialized subhuman porpoises.
Two hundred people died of cholera last year.
Two hundred trained members of a South African fire brigade travelled more than 15,000 kilometres to help fight the huge forest fire in northern Alberta.
Two hundred years after its publication, this novel continues to captivate its readers.
Two hunters meet: both are dead.
Two ice cream truck drivers are having a turf war.
Two ice creams, please.
Two in distress make sorrow less.
Two instruments playing the same note sound different because of the timbre of the notes.
Two invertebrates prepared for battle.
Two irreconcilable parts of the left are the one that wants Russia, too, to be able to invade countries based on the Monroe Doctrine and the one that doesn't want any country to.
Two is a couple, three is a crowd.
Two is a pair.
Two is a prime number.
Two is better than one.
Two is company, but three is none.
Two is not always better than one.
Two is the fourth root of sixteen.
Two is the only even prime number.
Two is the only prime whose successor is prime.
Two jet planes took off at the same time.
Two kinds of lubricant are used on a bicycle--oil and graphite.
Two knights rode into town on their horses.
Two large coffees, please.
Two large whiskies, please.
Two large windows are hung with silk curtains.
Two lava streams have entered the ocean, sending hydrochloric acid and steam with fine glass particles into the air, which can lead to lung damage, and eye and skin irritation, the Hawaii County Civil Defense agency said.
Two librarians search for two books.
Two lions have escaped from a zoo in Leipzig, Germany.
Two little girls are picking daisies.
Two little squirrels, a white one and a black one, lived in a large forest.
Two little squirrels, a white squirrel and a black squirrel, lived in a large forest.
Two lovers missed their train.
Two magpies chased my cat in front of the garage.
Two major issues had to be settled.
Two major rivers, the Tigris and Euphrates, run through Iraq.
Two major surgeries and months of recovery would follow.
Two male school pupils sharing an umbrella? That's quite a queer situation.
Two male school pupils sharing an umbrella? That’s quite a queer situation.
Two male students sharing an umbrella? How strange.
Two male tailors work at the tailor's shop.
Two male tailors work at the tailor’s shop.
Two masked men held up the jewelry store last night.
Two material bodies attract each other with a force proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of their distances.
Two mechanics and an electrician are needed.
Two melons from Hokkaido sold at auction for 5 million yen in 2019.
Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus, prompting a question that once would have been unthinkable: Why can't Congress work remotely?
Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus.
Two members of the government also voted against it.
Two members of the parliament were removed from office.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
Two men are checking on what’s wrong with the car.
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.
Two men are trying to get a handle on what's wrong with the car.
Two men are trying to get a handle on what’s wrong with the car.
Two men arrived and prepared themselves a comfortable seat on the riverbank.
Two men began to fight on the street at night.
Two men came up to me.
Two men engaging in sexual activity still creates controversy.
Two men had just entered the bar.
Two men had their arms severed in Taiwan after a tug-of-war accident.
Two men have been arrested in connection with Tom's murder.
Two men kept guard.
Two men met face to face.
Two men stay here; the rest follow me!
Two men stayed with him.
Two men wearing masks robbed the bank.
Two men wearing ski masks entered the bank.
Two men were arrested for driving dangerously.
Two men were fighting in the street.
Two men were fighting on the street.
Two men were on watch round the body.
Two men were sitting at the piano. I recognized one of them as being David Smith.
Two men's coats hung on a yellow coat stand.
Two men's coats were hanging on a yellow coat stand.
Two minds are better than one.
Two minutes after take-off, the plane crashed in the middle of a busy neighborhood.
Two minutes for roughing.
Two months after they met, Fadil and Layla married.
Two months ago I did work experience in a factory.
Two months ago, I gave up smoking.
Two months ago, Tom began to learn French.
Two months have gone by since he left for France.
Two months have passed since he left for France.
Two months have passed since our last meeting.
Two months later he relapsed.
Two more beers, please!
Two more food processing plants closed down this month.
Two more months of unemployment money and I'll finally be able to afford a Bugatti.
Two mountains and a long plain are between us, my friend, sings Cherifa.
Two must-have documents for international students in the United States are a Social Security number and a driver’s license with a photograph or other state-issued photo ID.
Two nasty guys robbed me of my jewels and ran away.
Two new films were released yesterday.
Two new species of pancake batfishes have been found in the area affected by the BP oil spill.
Two new studies suggest that college graduates entering the U.S. job market might not work in the field they studied. They also might change jobs and careers more often than earlier generations, presenting challenges and difficulties in an economy that is experiencing disruption.
Two nurses are attending her.
Two nurses attended to the patient.
Two o'clock came.
Two o'clock would be OK.
Two of Mother Nature’s most potentially devastating forces — a major hurricane and an erupting volcano — appear headed for a close encounter on Hawaii’s Big Island next week, weather forecasters said Friday.
Two of Tom's most beautiful drawings ended up in the rubbish.
Two of Tom's three daughters are living in Boston.
Two of a kind.
Two of a trade seldom agree.
Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them as before. He led her to his kingdom where he was joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.
Two of his children had died when they were babies.
Two of his ribs were broken in an accident.
Two of my books have been taken.
Two of my friends are researchers; one is a linguist, the other a chemist.
Two of my friends graduated from Novosibirsk State University.
Two of the building's floors are at basement level.
Two of the building's floors are below ground level.
Two of the building's floors are below ground.
Two of the coffee cups were found to be damaged on arrival.
Two of the enemy ships have been destroyed.
Two of the first eight rescued boys had lung infections.
Two of the former hostages said they spent two months in captivity and that seven captives were freed after their families paid ransom.
Two of the hardest-hit U.S. regions have raised the alert level over the monkeypox outbreak.
Two of the most important things you can have in your life are friendships and dreams.
Two of the owls are sitting on the branch looking into the distance. The third appears to be struggling to climb up, with the other two owls seemingly ignoring their friend’s troubles.
Two of the players left the match.
Two of the private health insurance companies are arguing about terms and conditions.
Two of the sandwiches had a cheese filling.
Two of the sandwiches had cheese in them.
Two of the school jazz band's superstars, both white, bickered over whose chops were the "blackest."
Two of the school jazz band’s superstars, both white, bickered over whose chops were the "blackest."
Two of the soldiers were killed and the rest were captured.
Two of the study’s lead researchers, David Warshaw, Ph.D., Michael Previs, Ph.D., both molecular physiologists from the University of Vermont’s Cardiovascular Research Institute, used powerful microscopes to look inside a part of heart muscle tissue called the sarcomere.
Two of the world's largest religions constructed their identity in part by defaming Jews.
Two of them were drowned.
Two of them were very important people.
Two of us live in this house.
Two old maids live there.
Two opinions are better than one.
Two or even three people can share one prize.
Two or more checkers together, on the same diagonal, cannot be captured.
Two or three other people have asked me that question.
Two other horses were led by grooms, one a superb mottled grey, with green silk housings; the other a noble black, with white silk housings.
Two out of five children are shy.
Two out of five people marry their first love.
Two out of three ain't bad.
Two out of three ain’t bad.
Two o’clock would be OK.
Two pages are missing from this book.
Two pages of the book stuck together.
Two paragliders can be seen in the sky.
Two parallel lines are equidistant.
Two parallel lines don't have any point in common.
Two passenger ships sank.
Two passenger ships were sunk.
Two passenger trains crashed in Shanghai.
Two people are sitting on a park bench.
Two people came to see me.
Two people came to visit me.
Two people can build lasting relationships, turning difficulties into opportunities.
Two people can enter with this ticket.
Two people fleeced us last night.
Two people live in this apartment.
Two people live in this building.
Two people live in this house.
Two people lost their lives.
Two people perished.
Two people recommend it, so I have to watch that movie.
Two people riding on a bicycle at the same time is dangerous.
Two people say they heard a gunshot.
Two people spent the night adrift after their boat capsized in choppy waters.
Two people think of her as their daughter.
Two people walked by, but they did not help Tom.
Two people were injured in shark attacks at a beach in Florida.
Two people were killed in a traffic accident.
Two people were killed in the traffic accident.
Two people who talk in Esperanto really meet on an equal footing.
Two percent of tourists admitted to Parisian emergency rooms have been injured by sitting on Eiffel Tower souvenirs.
Two persons are looking for you.
Two persons were killed when an elevated bike path collapsed in Rio.
Two pictures overlapped.
Two pictures were doubled.
Two pints are equal to a quart.
Two places have become free, meaning two people can now move up from the waiting list.
Two players cannot cohabit the same space.
Two plus two equals five, for sufficiently large values of two.
Two plus two equals five.
Two plus two equals four.
Two plus two is four.
Two plus two make four.
Two plus two makes four.
Two points connected by a line segment are said to be adjacent or next to each other.
Two police officers led the prisoner into the room.
Two police officers tried to restrain him, but he broke away and ran into a nearby house.
Two policemen arrested a burglar. They caught him sneaking into Mrs. Miller's.
Two policemen arrested a burglar. They caught him sneaking into Mrs. Miller’s.
Two policemen were holding James by the arms.
Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying.
Two problems remained unsolved.
Two pupils are absent today.
Two pupils were absent today.
Two rabbits are hopping on the lawn.
Two rabbits, a white rabbit and a black rabbit, lived in a large forest.
Two races were held.
Two red roses and three white ones, please.
Two relief trains will be put on this route today.
Two return tickets to Osaka, please.
Two riders sped past me, and soon vanished in the distance.
Two rival parties are essential to good democratic government.
Two robbers broke into a store.
Two roundtrip tickets to Osaka, please.
Two rungs on the ladder are missing.
Two schools in the English county of Cheshire decided Tuesday to shut down after some of their students returned from ski trips in Italy.
Two scientists in Scotland have developed a pocket-sized device to check whether whiskey is fake, using equipment originally developed to examine blood samples. They hope the techniques won’t just help the whisky industry clamp down on fakes which cost it hundreds of millions of dollars a year — but will also save lives.
Two scoops of ice cream please.
Two screwdrivers that Tom had borrowed were lost, and he was angry about it.
Two seats remained vacant.
Two seats were empty.
Two seats were vacant.
Two second-class tickets to Boston, please.
Two senior officials are suspected of accepting bribes from real estate companies.
Two sheep were killed by a wolf.
Two sheets were on the bed.
Two shirts and suits, please. There's a stain here.
Two shirts and suits, please. There’s a stain here.
Two shots of vodka is usually enough to knock me out.
Two singles to Bristol, please.
Two slices of pizza please.
Two small bottles, please.
Two small rabbits, a white one and a black one, lived in a large forest.
Two small rabbits, a white rabbit and a black rabbit, lived in a large forest.
Two small, moist gray eyes, that glistened with every emotion, seemed to contradict the hard expression of the other features.
Two sockets are not enough for a meeting room.
Two sodas for the children and one coffee, please.
Two soldiers kept guard at the gate.
Two soldiers tried to block his way.
Two soufflés, please.
Two souls intertwined.
Two souls, one spirit.
Two specialists are quite enough.
Two spots were open.
Two squared equals four.
Two squared is four.
Two standard dice have a total of 42 pips.
Two stars were born in my heart.
Two steps forward, three steps back.
Two stockings are called a pair of stockings.
Two streams of tears trickled down each cheek.
Two students are absent today.
Two subtracted from seven is five.
Two sworn enemies had to unite against their common rival.
Two teams based at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland, are among the nine science groups selected to study Moon samples that has been sealed for half a century.
Two tears fell down her cheeks.
Two tears rolled down her cheeks.
Two tears rolled down his cheeks.
Two teas and a coffee, please.
Two teas and two coffees, please.
Two teenagers illegally crossed the border while playing Pokemon Go.
Two teenagers were suspended from school.
Two theories occur to me; both seem plausible.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity, but I'm not so sure about the universe.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not sure about the universe.
Two things children should get from their parents: roots and wings!
Two things result from this fact.
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.
Two thirds of the human body is made up of water.
Two thirds of the immigrants who came to Germany in 2015 came from Asia.
Two thirds of the students came to the reunion.
Two thirds of the time I'm around translating sentences or adding new ones.
Two thirds of the work is finished.
Two thousand American soldiers were killed.
Two thousand people fit into this hall.
Two thousand pupils attend school.
Two thousand years ago, Algiers was called Icosium.
Two thousand, five hundred and thiry-nine is a prime number.
Two tickets please.
Two tickets to Boston, please.
Two tickets to Boston.
Two tickets to Minsk, please.
Two tickets to San Diego, please.
Two tickets, please.
Two tigers, two tigers. They run very fast, run very fast. One doesn't have eyes, the other doesn't have a tail. It is very strange, very strange.
Two times eleven times twenty-three times forty-one plus one is twenty thousand seven hundred forty-seven, which is a prime.
Two times five is ten.
Two times seven equals fourteen.
Two times seven is fourteen.
Two times seven times eleven times thirteen plus four equals two thousand six.
Two times two equaled four before the Arithmetic Revolution.
Two times two equals four.
Two times two is four.
Two to the eighth power is two hundred fifty-six.
Two to the fifth power is thirty-two.
Two to the fourth is sixteen.
Two to the ninth power is five hundred twelve.
Two to the power of five equals thirty-two.
Two to the seventh power is one hundred twenty-eight.
Two to the sixth power is sixty-four.
Two to the tenth power is one thousand twenty-four.
Two tourists died in the flood.
Two towering crags, twin giants, guard the cove, / and threat the skies. The waters at their feet / sleep hushed, and, like a curtain, frowns above, / mixt with the glancing green, the darkness of the grove.
Two trains collided head-on in Italy, killing 22 passengers.
Two trains collided in Southern Italy.
Two traits of Americans are generosity and energy.
Two translators work quickly but one works slowly.
Two trucks bumped together.
Two types of women exist: the ones that love me and the ones that don't know me.
Two universities in Washington, D.C., soon plan to start buying half of their electricity from solar-power farms 400 kilometers away. The schools expect the project will save millions of dollars during the next couple of decades and make the universities more attractive to environmentally-conscious students.
Two vanilla ice creams please.
Two vanilla ice creams, please.
Two ways exist to approach problems; either you change them, or they change you.
Two weekly newspapers were being published.
Two weeks after being admitted to hospital my acne suddenly started to disappear.
Two weeks after being admitted to the hospital my acne suddenly started to disappear.
Two weeks ago, I visited Disneyland for the first time.
Two weeks ago, we didn't even know each other.
Two weeks at the seaside would do us good.
Two weeks have passed and I haven't seen you.
Two weeks of heavy rain led to flooding.
Two weeks of heavy rain resulted in flooding.
Two weeks quarantine?! Oh my gosh! Together with Mary at home?!
Two weeks went by.
Two weird men are sitting in a truck outside.
Two wheels are faster than four.
Two white houses face each other and stand across the way.
Two whole pages of the newspaper were devoted to the news of the royal divorce.
Two will be elected.
Two witnesses saw him roaming around the farm the night of the crime.
Two women are singing.
Two women are taking it easy on a bench in the park.
Two women have given birth in our area.
Two women sing.
Two women were found onboard.
Two women were still missing when the firefighters arrived.
Two women wielding giant spatulas continuously stir a brimming wok of shredded beef simmering in curry sauce.
Two worked and the others watched them.
Two worlds collide.
Two wrongs do make a right.
Two wrongs do not make a right.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Two wrongs don’t make a right.
Two years after this event Caroline became his wife.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
Two years ago I didn't know a word of Turkish, and now I can even read books in this language.
Two years ago I went to China.
Two years ago Tom and Mary split up, but recently they got together again.
Two years ago, I couldn't play basketball at all.
Two years ago, I studied English in England.
Two years ago, I traveled to Obihiro.
Two years ago, I wasn't able to play basketball at all.
Two years ago, Tom learned how to swim.
Two years ago, he had emergency surgery for a staph infection in his leg, with affects so severe he had to stop working. His main income now is a government disability check.
Two years ago, in the Atlantic Ocean, parts of the crashed plane were found.
Two years ago, the idea of offering a research semester for particularly interested and committed teachers became reality. The aim is to improve communication between schools and universities. Since teachers are the best people for diffusing newly acquired knowledge, they will be given the opportunity to spend a research sabbatical at a university and to subsequently integrate this knowledge into classroom teaching.
Two years ago, the patient obtained an artificial hip joint.
Two years ago, this gentleman worked as a physicist.
Two years before a fall from a window had injured her spine, and she had not been able to leave her bed since, except when lifted in the arms of her mother.
Two years before last, a friend of mine died.
Two years have passed since I last met you.
Two years have passed since Jim graduated from high school.
Two years have passed since he died.
Two years have passed since he went over to American in order to study English.
Two years have passed since their wedding.
Two years have passed since then, and my life has been until lately lonelier than ever. A month ago, however, a dear friend, whom I have known for many years, has done me the honour to ask my hand in marriage.
Two years have passed since then.
Two years have passed since we parted.
Two years is a long time to wait.
Two years later we were married.
Two years later, in 1956, Congress approved the nationwide grid of superhighways called the Interstate Highway System, and the first spade of dirt was turned in rural Missouri.
Two years later, the singer came back.
Two years went by before I could find a good job.
Two young boys are carrying a load of water on a pole.
Two young men fresh from college have joined us.
Two young men have been killed by tiger sharks on Australian beaches in the past two weeks.
Two's company, but three's a crowd.
Two's company, three's a crowd.
Two, 200-ton haul trucks formally rolled into service at the modern gold mine.
Two, four and six are even numbers.
Two, four, six and eight are even numbers.
Two, four, six, eight; who do we appreciate?
Two, four, six, etc. are even numbers.
Two-and-one-half times as many automobiles clog the nation's roads than were registered in 1967. They've carried with them profound consequences for the environment, highway safety, and our already-impatient state of mind.
Two-dollar bills are rare in the United States.
Two-factor authentication is enabled.
Two-factor authentication is not enabled for your account.
Two-percent milk tastes better than skim.
Two-thirds of Americans have a major regret relating to their college experience, according to a survey of 250,000 Americans who hold at least a bachelor’s degree.
Two-thirds of the 12,000 inhabitants fled the island.
Two-thirds of the earth's surface is covered with water.
Two-thirds of the earth’s surface is covered with water.
Two-thirds of the people here tonight are Canadians.
Two-thirds of the students came to the meeting.
Two-thirds of the students of this school are boys.
Two-thirty seems to be the best time to meet.
Two-thirty seems to be the best time.
Two-time Olympian Mary Whipple won a silver medal in the "women's eight" rowing event at the 2004 Athens Games without lifting an oar.
Two’s company, but three’s a crowd.
Two’s company, three’s a crowd.
Tycho Brahe benefited greatly from King Fredrik's generous support.
Tycho Brahe lost part of his nose in a sword duel.
Tycho Brahe observed the Great Comet of 1577.
Tycho Brahe proved that comets were not just components of Earth's atmosphere, but actual objects traveling through space.
Tycho Brahe used only a compass and a sextant to observe the stars.
Tycho Brahe was a favorite of the king of Denmark, King Fredrik II. King Fredrik gave him an island to live on.
Tycho Brahe was born in 1546 in Denmark.
Tycho Brahe was the last major astronomer to work without the aid of a telescope.
Tycho Brahe was the nephew of Jorges Brahe, a sailor who gave his life in an effort to save the life of King Fredrik II of Denmark.
Tycho Brahe, though of noble decent, married a commoner. Together they had three sons and five daughters.
Tycho discovered a new star.
Tycho fell in love with Kirsten, a commoner.
Tycho had a tame elk.
Tycho's painstakingly collected data was reduced by Kepler to become grist for the mill that ground out Newton's gravitational theory.
Tyger, Tyger, burning bright.
Tying his foal to the vineyard, and his ass, O my son, to the vine, he shall wash his robe in wine, and his garment in the blood of the grape.
Tying the knot was a last-ditch attempt to mend the relationship. Predictably, it failed.
Tylenol has no effect on me.
Tyler Ivanoff, 36, of the village of Shishmaref, Alaska, was picking berries and gathering driftwood for a fire for his family when he stumbled across a green bottle along the state's western shore earlier this month.
Tyler is a beneficiary of xenoglossia, which has allowed him to know 31 languages without learning.
Tyler was born and grew up in the same part of Virginia as William Henry Harrison.
Type 2 diabetes impairs the body's ability to use insulin, the hormone that regulates blood sugar. The disease can damage the heart, eyes, kidneys and nerves.
Type Ia supernovae are much rarer, happening roughly once every 500 years in the Milky Way.
Type inference has three outputs whereas checking only has two.
Type the number as I spell it.
Type this letter for me.
Type this letter with the machine.
Type your name, please.
Type your password on the keypad.
Type!
Type.
Types of indemnity insurance include health insurance, disability insurance, fire insurance, and life insurance.
Typewriters are giving way to word-processors.
Typewriters are so noisy.
Typhoid is a scary disease.
Typhoon Bebinca wreaks havoc in Shanghai.
Typhoon Megi makes landfall in the Philippines.
Typhoon No.11 is moving up north at twenty kilometers per hour.
Typhoon No.9 is approaching Shikoku.
Typhoons are frequent in this area.
Typhoons are frequent in this region.
Typhoons are frequent there in fall.
Typhoons are very dangerous.
Typhoons bring about damage every year.
Typhoons can be very dangerous.
Typhoons generally head for Japan.
Typhoons hit Japan every year.
Typhoons strike Japan every year.
Typhus is a contagious disease.
Typical Japanese babies sleep with their mother after coming home from hospital.
Typical bug of typical Windows. Nothing special.
Typical girl talk!
Typically busy streets around the world look like scenes from post-apocalyptic movies.
Typically, a president who expects to run for a second term in office also holds some fundraisers that benefit his own campaign organization, sometimes in concert with the national party committee.
Typically, a space station serviced a locale at least several light-years radially.
Typically, human pregnancy is divided into three trimesters of approximately three months each.
Typically, sovereign debt issued by a major industrialized nation is viewed as a very safe asset.
Typically, the White House invites trick-or-treaters to receive candy and treats from the president and first lady. The event, however, will not take place this year.
Typically, the toilet is white.
Typically, there are many “perfect” translations of a given source sentence. These translations may vary in word choice or in word order even when they use the same words. And yet humans can clearly distinguish a good translation from a bad one.
Typing capital letters on a computer is somewhat tedious.
Typing is a fundamental skill that children have to learn. However, they should not be learning it at the expense of handwriting.
Typography is the discipline of using type to set texts into a form that is pleasant to read.
Tyrannical governments frequently gaol their political opponents.
Tyrannical governments frequently imprison their political opponents.
Tyrannical governments frequently put their political opponents in prison.
Tyranny is everywhere.
Tyranny is opposed to democracy.
Tyrants are all alike; it is only the arguments they use to justify their rule that differ.
Tyrants hate transparency.
Tyre Nichols was murdered by police.
Tyro was married to Cretheus but loved Enipeus.
Tyrosine is similar in structure to phenylalanine, with the important distinction that the latter contains a hydroxyl group in its side chain.
Tyson followed up the jab with a left hook.
TÃ­mea is a Hungarian living in Poland.
Téa Leoni's character Kate, in the movie "The Family Man," has a certain joie de vivre.
Tétouan is a Moroccan city that faces the Strait of Gibraltar and lies 40 kilometers east of Tangier.
Tímea is a Hungarian living in Poland.
Tórshavn is the capital of the Faroe Islands.
U-turns are prohibited.
U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein has warned of an alarming deterioration of human rights and an erosion of international institutions and laws threatening the social cohesion of nations.
U.N. Human Rights Office spokesperson Rupert Colville says judges should not be politicized and should not bring politics into the court. Nevertheless, he told VOA, just like everybody else, judges have a right to hold their own opinions and seek membership in associations of their choosing. He noted the new law seriously restricts these activities.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called on the G-20 leaders to approach the pandemic as if they were preparing to go to war, declaring “we are at war with a virus and not winning it.”
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres described the findings as "code red for humanity.”
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Tuesday he was "appalled" that more than 12,000 children were killed or maimed last year in some 20 countries at war or in a state of conflict.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says he is very concerned.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the world Tuesday to “wake up” to the greatest “cascade of crises” in our lifetimes.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon made a detour to Rwanda during a European trip this week.
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan brokered the deal, and was on hand for the ceremony.
U.N. agencies are calling for more spending to help Somalia strengthen its resilience against future climate effects and ward off crises such as the current famine-inducing drought.
U.N. and World Health Organization (WHO) officials took part in a ceremony Thursday to restart the Swiss city of Geneva's famous Jet d'Eau fountain that was turned off in March.
U.N. economists warn the monetary and fiscal policies of advanced economies risk plunging the world into a recession worse than the financial crisis of 2008.
U.N. human rights spokeswoman, Liz Throssel, tells VOA more than one-third of the detainees gave credible accounts of being subjected to torture or ill-treatment.
U.S President Joe Biden said early Thursday major railroads and workers’ unions had reached a tentative agreement on better pay and improved working conditions intended to avert a nationwide rail strike.
U.S. Ambassador Dr. Peter M. Haymond handed over 93 containers of fortified rice, lentils, canned fish and fortified cooking oil to Deputy Minister of Education and Sports, Dr. Sisouk Vongvichith at the World Food Programme’s (WFP) warehouse in Vientiane today. The food will be used to prepare healthy school lunches for 63,000 school children around Lao PDR.
U.S. Americans fundamentally misunderstand Canadians, believing them to be weak, soft pushovers.
U.S. Army Capt. Charles Normington wrote that "each soldier had his arms full of French girls, some crying, others laughing; each girl had to kiss every soldier before she would let him pass. There is nowhere on earth I would rather be."
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Rochelle Walensky recently called the current U.S. surge in cases “a pandemic of the unvaccinated” because nearly all current patients and those who have recently died from the coronavirus are unvaccinated.
U.S. Department of Agriculture researchers have released tiny parasitic wasps in forests in Maryland to attack the emerald ash borer, an invader from China that is devastating forests across the northern United States.
U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin painted a bleak picture Tuesday of the economic devastation the coronavirus pandemic has wrought on the country, but they held out hope that a raft of loans and assistance to families and businesses would provide relief in the coming months.
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas urged Americans to be patient this weekend at busy airports.
U.S. News & World Report published its first “America’s Best Colleges” report in 1983, and many schools use those rankings to promote themselves. However, some educators have questioned the published rankings and how useful they are.
U.S. President Barack Obama begins his much-anticipated tour of Africa on June 27 with one glaring omission: the president will not be visiting Kenya, the birthplace of his father.
U.S. President Donald Trump has issued three executive orders that pertain to immigration in the past week.
U.S. President Donald Trump has removed the independent watchdog overseeing the management of the country’s $2 trillion coronavirus rescue package, the second inspector general he has ousted in recent days.
U.S. President Donald Trump is invoking the Defense Production Act, which would allow his administration to force American industry to manufacture medical supplies that are in short supply in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic.
U.S. President Donald Trump was criticized for halting funding to the World Health Organization amid the global coronavirus pandemic.
U.S. President Donald Trump’s decision to withhold funding to the World Health Organization is drawing criticism from world leaders, as coronavirus infections exceed 2 million worldwide.
U.S. President Joe Biden praised world leaders for coming together on climate change and urged them to make good on promises as he closed a virtual climate change summit hosted from the White House.
U.S. President Joe Biden signed an executive order Thursday calling for new automobile emissions standards and setting a goal of having half of new vehicles sold in the United States be electric by 2030.
U.S. President-elect Joe Biden wore an orthotic boot to protect his injured foot.
U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter delivered the keynote address at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore Saturday.
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Tuesday the United States wants to rebuild its partnerships, “first and foremost with our NATO allies,” as he expressed the Biden administration’s “steadfast commitment” to the alliance.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has marked World AIDS Day, which takes place December 1, by unveiling what she called a "blueprint" that could help create an "AIDS-free generation."
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will fly to Port-au-Prince Saturday to meet Haitian President Rene Preval and get a first-hand look at Haiti earthquake relief efforts. Clinton says the gesture will convey the United State's unwavering support, solidarity and sympathies to the Haitian people.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right femur in a cycling accident Sunday in France.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry broke his right thigh bone in a bicycling accident Sunday in France.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Tuesday in Washington with Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi, with the two diplomats affirming the "importance of a constructive" relationship between the two countries and regular high-level talks between their top officials.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen, have both tested negative for the coronavirus.
U.S. actress Felicity Huffman has been sentenced to 14 days in prison for her role in a wide-ranging U.S. college admissions cheating scandal.
U.S. and European space agency scientists have published details of the massive dunes on the surface of Saturn’s largest moon, Titan, that provide new insights about environmental conditions on the mysterious planet.
U.S. astronaut John Glenn first orbited the Earth 50 years ago on February 20, 1962, and when he returned, an adoring public greeted him, along with a burgeoning U.S. space program that propelled men to the Moon in 1969.
U.S. astronaut Steve Robinson will be making the repair while standing on the end of a robot arm attached to the international space station. In a telephone hook-up with the astronaut, he talked about the delicate task ahead.
U.S. authorities are now recommending all Americans use face covers to help contain the spread of the deadly virus. So now ordinary Americans are taking it upon themselves to make homemade masks — one person at a time — in the battle against this invisible enemy.
U.S. automaker General Motors Corporation announced Monday it will build certain 2021 light-duty full-size pickup trucks without a fuel management module due to the global semiconductor chip shortage.
U.S. average temperature has increased by 1.3°F to 1.9°F since record keeping began in 1895; most of this increase has occurred since about 1970.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
U.S. copyright law technically doesn't protect font designs, only the font files that contain them. Still, tracing commercial fonts to resell them as your own is largely considered a dick move.
U.S. crude prices plunged last week below $0 per barrel for the first time in history.
U.S. farmers face a growing season plagued by uncertainty about demand for their crops amid the COVID-19 crisis that is battering the global economy.
U.S. federal agents seized a large cache of drugs from a long tunnel used by smugglers to move them across the U.S.-Mexico border.
U.S. gymnast Jade Carey has won the gold medal in the floor exercise final at the Tokyo Olympics.
U.S. intelligence chiefs are making a strong push, backed by the White House, to reauthorize a controversial law that allows U.S. spy agencies to eavesdrop on foreign electronic communications.
U.S. presidents often change government policy through presidential actions, issuing executive orders, proclamations or memoranda, bypassing Congress and the legislative process.
U.S. regulators Wednesday approved a new tuberculosis drug that when taken with two other medicines shows dramatic results.
U.S. researchers assembled carbon nanotubes to create the world's blackest substance, able to absorb over 99 percent of light that hits it.
U.S. researchers assembled carbon nanotubes to create the world’s blackest substance, able to absorb over 99 percent of light that hits it.
U.S. researchers say dermal fat cells, known as adipocytes, produce peptides or proteins that shield against invading bacteria.
U.S. researchers say they have discovered a way to recharge batteries in a matter of seconds rather than hours, a discovery that could lead to smaller and lighter batteries for cell phones and other electronic devices.
U.S. researchers say they've been able to modify a patient's immune system T cells, turning them into "serial killer" cells which zero in on cancer and obliterate it.
U.S. researchers say urban dwellers exposed to the highest levels of fine particulate air pollution had faster hardening of the arteries, putting them at increased risk of stroke, compared to people in less polluted sections of the same city.
U.S. revisionists take a hard-line approach to Japanese relations.
U.S. scientists announced Monday that 20 new moons have been found orbiting Saturn, bringing the total number of moons around that planet to 82. That beats Jupiter's 79 moons.
U.S. scientists have found a surprising relationship between obesity and the kind of food digesting bacteria we have in our intestines. As VOA's David McAlary reports, the findings suggest that the microbes living in our guts might influence how prone we are to being overweight and might offer new solutions to the growing obesity epidemic worldwide.
U.S. soldiers whose separation from service is delayed due to a stop loss stop movement policy, are compensated ex post facto.
U.S. stocks opened sharply lower Friday after a three-day rally.
U.S. stocks opened sharply lower Thursday as global investors fret over the coronavirus outbreak and its economic fallout.
U.S. stocks plunged into a bear market.
U.S. surgeons say they have successfully completed a six-organ transplant on a 15-month-old Arab-Israeli girl. From Miami, VOA's Brian Wagner reports she is the second child in the same family to undergo the intensive procedure in the United States.
U.S. tariffs have raised prices on imported aluminum and steel, increasing the cost to manufacture farm equipment in the United States, such as tractors and combines.
U.S. troops need to evacuate Iraq.
U.S.S.R. stands for the "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
U.S.S.R. stands for the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
UBS is the largest bank in private wealth management in Europe.
UFO means "unidentified flying object."
UFO stands for "unidentified flying object."
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.
UFOs can appear anywhere, including in Algeria.
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
UK's economy is hitting the dirt.
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michele Bachelet warned the coronavirus pandemic is likely to widen existing inequalities around the world if left unchecked, with the poor, the disabled, the homeless, minorities, women and elderly among others most at risk.
UN experts specialized in investigating torture said that Assange showed typical signs of psychological torture.
UN stands for United Nations.
UN stands for the United Nations.
UN, as you know, stands for the United Nations.
UNESCO’s Language Vitality and Endangerment framework has established in 2010 six degrees of vitality: safe, vulnerable, definitely endangered, severely endangered, critically endangered and extinct.
UNHCR Special Advisor on Climate Action Andrew Harper says the fires in Australia, melting glaciers, flooding, drought and other devastating climate-related disasters should be a wake-up call to action.
UNICEF’s representative in Ethiopia, Bjorn Ljungqvist, says short rains did not materialize, particularly affecting the areas bordering Somalia and Kenya, and a northward belt that depends on precipitation.
US Marshal Tom Jackson is determined to recover the fugitive.
US President Donald Trump imposed a freeze on all Venezuelan government assets in the United States on Monday, aimed at removing President Nicolas Maduro from power.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is starting off the new year in a hospital with a blood clot.
US arrogance is intolerable.
US diplomats are going around the world, telling other nations that they shouldn't trade with Russia and China. What the Washington is going to give them in exchange is more lectures on freedom and democracy, more bullets and more terrorism.
US forces are completely gone from Afghanistan.
US forces began to redeploy in some parts of Iraq.
US history is riddled with massacres and genocides.
US losses kept mounting in Vietnam.
US minimum wage laws apply in Puerto Rico, hampering job expansion.
US missiles were raining down from the skies.
US officials say today the US imports over $35 billion worth of goods from the continent, much of it natural resources, and non-oil imports have tripled.
US troops need to evacuate Iraq.
USA Gymnastics announced today that Biles plans to compete in the balance beam final on Tuesday.
USA stands for the United States of America.
USSR stands for Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Uber has been operated at a loss throughout its existence to destroy taxi driver unions.
Ubisoft is pronounced as you-bi-soft, not oo-bi-soft.
Ubuntu includes lots of software.
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
Ueno is the station after next.
Ufa was built on the orders of Ivan IV (more commonly known as Ivan the Terrible) in 1547.
Uganda faces many economic challenges.
Uganda has been both a source of refugees and migrants and a host country for refugees.
Uganda is an African country.
Uganda's new national budget dedicates five percent of the total budget to agriculture, a huge jump from the one percent allocation five years ago. The budget promises subsistence farmers greater access to competitive loans, capped at 10 percent interest, disease-resistant seeds, and modern farm equipment.
Ugandan families live in a duplex on No. 3 Road in my Lulu Island neighbourhood.
Ugaritic is interesting.
Ugh!
Ugh! How are you not ashamed of yourself?
Ugh! I don't know what to do about this acne.
Ugh! I hate snakes!
Ugh! I lost my phone again.
Ugh, I hate work. I don't wanna go.
Ugh, I have to study for tomorrow's test.
Ugh, I really do hope the rain isn’t going to pick up.
Ugh, because of you, now I have to redo everything!
Ugh, it's snowing!
Ugh, it's so stereotypical of you to assume I'd be the one to do this kind of work.
Ugh, it's so ugly!
Ugh, mommy and daddy are kissing.
Ugh, my internet hates me.
Ugh, snow!
Ugh, that's awful.
Ugh, the battery just had to die at the worst time.
Ugh, what's that? Tastes like dishwater. You don't often make coffee, do you?
Ugh, what's with you, seriously.
Ugh, your waffle iron is filthy!
Ugh, your waffle iron's all dirty!
Ugh. I'm so not looking forward to today.
Ugliness has one advantage over beauty: it lasts.
Ugly Betty is one of the most popular television shows in the world.
Ugly singers have the best voices.
Ugly spellings in their language fascinate you.
Uh oh, I saved over it.
Uh, I'll have the shabu-shabu.
Uh, Tom, I think you're bleeding.
Uh, mister fancy pants learned a new word.
Uh, now it's really weird...
Uh, now it’s really weird...
Uh, will you excuse me?
Uh-huh, suuuuure.
Uh-huh.
Uh-oh! Dark storm clouds are gathering over the lake.
Uh-oh! I think we are in trouble.
Uh-oh! Mommy's home. You better clean up the mess.
Uh-oh, here comes another lecture. How typical. This guy has something to say about everything.
Uh-oh, here comes another lecture. This guy likes to show he has something to say about everything.
Uh-oh. He knew I was lying - saw right through me. I didn't know what to say.
Uh-oh. He knew I was lying - saw right through me. I didn’t know what to say.
Uh-uh.
Uh... How's that working?
Uh... How’s that working?
Uh..., where's the post office?
Uh..., where’s the post office?
Uh.....yes, I think so.
Uh...Um...No, sorry. I don't know.
Uh...how does this work?
Uhh, what was I going to say again?
Uhhh, Shoulsen quickly exceeded. You win. Yay you!
Uhuh, you do not believe it?
Uillean Pipes - translated they’d be called elbow pipes - are irish bagpipes that are blown up using bellows, in order to be able to drink while playing.
Uillean Pipes - translated, they'd be called elbow pipes - are Irish bagpipes that are blown up using bellows, so one can drink while playing.
Ukko is the god of the sky, weather, harvest and thunder in Finnish mythology.
Ukraine and Taiwan are getting US assistance.
Ukraine applied to be a NATO member in 2022, eight years after Russia's imperialist war on the country began.
Ukraine became independent again when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
Ukraine can't really strike deeply into Russian territory.
Ukraine cannot win the war.
Ukraine got through the winter on its own natural gas.
Ukraine has a closer and closer relationship with the European Union.
Ukraine has a good way of dealing with politicians who do complete 180s after being elected.
Ukraine has a smaller pool of available soldiers.
Ukraine has become a battleground of empires.
Ukraine has been granted EU candidate status.
Ukraine has no chance for breaking through Russian defenses.
Ukraine has no money.
Ukraine is a big country.
Ukraine is a country in Central and Eastern Europe.
Ukraine is a country in Europe. It exists next to another country called Russia. Russia is a bigger country. Russia is a powerful country. Russia decided to invade a smaller country called Ukraine, so basically, that's wrong.
Ukraine is a relatively poor country.
Ukraine is a sovereign country.
Ukraine is already a dysfunctional state.
Ukraine is called "Ukraina" in Ukrainian.
Ukraine is eying a counteroffensive some time this year.
Ukraine is getting Western assistance.
Ukraine is losing more territory to insurgent forces.
Ukraine is not at the negotiation table, it's on the menu.
Ukraine is not on a viable path to accession to the European Union.
Ukraine is recruiting mercenaries in Africa.
Ukraine is trying to strike Russian ammo dumps.
Ukraine lost the war.
Ukraine needs a new president.
Ukraine said no.
Ukraine sent troops to Iraq.
Ukraine shouldn't have disposed of its nuclear weapons.
Ukraine shouldn’t have disposed of its nuclear weapons.
Ukraine still considers Crimea as part of its territory.
Ukraine surrendered.
Ukraine took part in the US invasion of Iraq.
Ukraine turned out to be much more defensible than previously thought.
Ukraine wants Crimea back.
Ukraine wants a European partnership with the European Union.
Ukraine wants closer ties with the West.
Ukraine wants modern weaponry from NATO.
Ukraine wants to be closer to the West.
Ukraine wants to join NATO.
Ukraine was the center of the first eastern Slavic state, Kyivan Rus, which during the 10th and 11th centuries was the largest and most powerful state in Europe.
Ukraine will prevail.
Ukraine won't be able to hold Bakhmut for long.
Ukraine's drones failed to deter Russia's assault.
Ukraine's economy has crashed.
Ukraine's economy is in turmoil.
Ukraine's forces are already stretched.
Ukraine's glory has not yet perished, neither her freedom.
Ukraine's president is Jewish.
Ukrainian combat losses have increased.
Ukrainian farmers have become an important unit of their army by towing away captured vehicles with their tractors.
Ukrainian girls are the most beautiful girls in the world.
Ukrainian girls are the prettiest in the world.
Ukrainian is a Slavic language.
Ukrainian is an East Slavic language.
Ukrainians don't deserve to be invaded by a rapacious army.
Ukrainians don't want to be ruled by the Kremlin.
Ukrainians face the prospect of a drawn-out war.
Ukrainians have a right to an identity.
Ukrainians have a right to live free of the influence of the Kremlin.
Ukrainians have a right to live their lives in peace.
Ukrainians have a right to their own language, culture, history, and destiny.
Ukrainians have made it clear, both at the polls and on the battlefield, that they reject Kremlin influence.
Ukrainians have the right to resist occupation but Palestinians don't.
Ukrainians never abandon their own.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia.
Ulan Tuya is my favorite Chinese singer.
Ulan Tuya is one of China's best singers.
Ulan Tuya, a Chinese singer of Mongol descent, is one of China's best singers.
Uli Rohde, a beautiful German woman, was singing a Kabyle love song in Kabylia.
Uli, Mega, and Tina are females.
Ulrike is a beautiful German and female first name.
Ulster has the fewest losses of any boxer in the league.
Ultimately a solution was agreed upon.
Ultimately this bill did not see the light of day.
Ultimately, I don't know what I should do.
Ultimately, Robert and Gypsy were to blame for John’s death.
Ultimately, Ziri has to make a decision.
Ultimately, everything ended up being a monumental mess.
Ultimately, he ended up going to school.
Ultimately, he feels proud of his contribution to humanity.
Ultimately, he found a great place just minutes away.
Ultimately, he never testified face to face with investigators, preferring to only answer their questions in writing without cross-examination by prosecutors.
Ultimately, it’s the little things that matter most.
Ultimately, money matters, but happiness comes from within.
Ultimately, no.
Ultimately, nothing came of it.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
Ultimately, that's not going to happen.
Ultimately, the entire family reunited.
Ultimately, the purpose of living may vary for each individual.
Ultimately, this is about basic decency. This is about whether we are a people who kick hopeful young strivers out of America, or whether we treat them the way we’d want our own kids to be treated. It’s about who we are as a people – and who we want to be.
Ultimately, understanding can bridge the gap.
Ultimately, you'll answer to God, not me.
Ultra-processed foods make people fat.
Ultraviolet light can also go through clouds, so you can get sunburns on an overcast day.
Ultraviolet light comes from the sun, but it can also bounce off of other surfaces like water, snow, and concrete.
Ultraviolet light helps to destroy viruses.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause skin cancer, cataracts, suppress immune systems and damage plants.
Ultraviolet rays are harmful to us.
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.
Ultraviolet waves have more energy than visible light does. It’s this energy that can hurt us.
Ulysses Grant was a hero.
Ulysses Grant was a war hero.
Ulysses asked his men to tie him to the mast.
Ulysses, after the destruction of Troy by the Grecians, coasted with his fleet along unknown shores, until the land where these Cyclops dwelt was reached.
Um, excuse me. What line is this?
Um, is the room quiet?
Um, so you don't understand? Well, I just assigned this one specifically to you because if these problems are all too simple, anything else would be insulting to you. Remember it if you have time.
Um, there's something I want to ask you about.
Um, well.
Um, what time is it?
Um, what was I going to say?
Um, what?
Um, you dropped your hat.
Um...
Um... can we join your group?
Um...am I mistaken in some way?
Umami is the fifth flavor.
Umami is the fifth taste.
Umberto Eco is a thinker who has written extensively on semiology.
Umbilical cord prolapse occurs in approximately one in five hundred pregnancies, and is considered an emergency.
Umbrellas are useful when it's raining.
Umbrellas are very useful when it's raining.
Umbrellas don't work very well on windy days.
Umbrellas sell well.
Umeshu is Japanese plum wine.
Umeshu is a Japanese liqueur made from plums.
Umezawa has had the hobby of writing haikus since he was young.
Umm, I don't know.
Umm, I have a request...
Ummm. I have no idea how to answer the teacher's question.
Ummm. I have no idea how to answer the teacher’s question.
Un Chien Andalou by Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dalí is considered a masterpiece of surrealist cinema.
Un-American activity cannot be prevented or routed out by employing un-American methods; to preserve freedom we must use the tools that freedom provides.
Una and Nel have known each other since they were in Elementary School.
Unable to accomplish the task by himself, he turned to me for help.
Unable to bear her miseries, she ran away from her husband.
Unable to do this well, he started hitting himself.
Unable to feel anything that resembled life, the mind and soul left her behind.
Unable to find a spatula, Tom used tongs to flip the pancakes.
Unable to keep up with his friends, he ended up falling behind.
Unable to keep up with his friends, he fell behind at last.
Unable to pay the rent, I asked him for assistance.
Unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to leave his native town.
Unable to sense the situation.
Unable to speak, he wrote it on a piece of paper.
Unable to wield the sword, he seizes his poetical pen, resolved to become the Chronicler and Historian of the war, and thus add his little mite for the improvement of future generations.
Unaccompanied minors are not permitted on this flight.
Unanimity is not always desirable.
Unauthorized access to personal data by malicious individuals can have serious consequences for victims and their families. For example, a victim could lose their job or have their reputation harmed.
Unavoidable circumstances kept me from doing that.
Unavoidable circumstances prevented me from doing that.
Unbeknownst to Gunter, he was being followed by Rima and her men.
Unbeknownst to Tom, Mary was having it off with the milkman.
Unbeknownst to him, at the space hotel, there was a musically complimented Mexican restaurant surrounded by gigantic cages full of tropical parrots and other birds.
Unbelievable cultural decline, stupendous ignorance, idealistic rubbish, and obscurantism find their strongest support among American reactionaries.
Unbelievable that she just said that.
Unbelievable!
Unbelievable! We saw a black sheep on the shores of Copacabana beach.
Unbelievable, isn't it?
Unbiased news sources aren't very appealing to much of the public because they don't always say what they want to hear.
Unblended gold in its pure form is so soft, that one can knead it by hand.
Unblock, unblock!
Unbroken happiness is a bore: it should have ups and downs.
Unbuckle your seat belt.
Unbutton your coat.
Uncertainty creates a lot of stress.
Uncertainty is also a part of science.
Uncertainty is to the soul as torture is to the body.
Uncertainty is very high.
Uncertainty regarding the company's financial situation will interfere with employee retention.
Unchallenged faith in books is worse than illiteracy.
Uncle AmarM is an elderly man who learned Kabyle quickly. In Tatoeba, he is the one who translates the most from English to Kabyle or from Kabyle to English. Bravo for the militants.
Uncle Bob fixed my clock. It keeps good time now.
Uncle Bob invited us to have dinner.
Uncle George never visited us without some present.
Uncle Hammou looks happy.
Uncle Mḥend has known them all.
Uncle Ted took us to the zoo in order to show us the pandas.
Uncle Tom and Uncle John are my mother's brothers.
Uncle Tom gave me this.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother and Uncle John is my father's brother.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
Uncle Tom is my mother’s brother.
Uncle Tom is sitting in the garden with the newspaper.
Uncle Tom is skint again.
Uncle Tom looks down on young people.
Uncle Tom said we must get in through a window.
Uncle Tom sends us Christmas presents every year.
Uncle Tom's car is yellow.
Uncle Tom, will you tell me a bedtime story?
Uncle Vasya gave me a painting as a gift.
Uncle asked, "What is three plus four?"
Uncle asked: "What is three plus four?"
Uncle loves the lizards when they turn into shoes and belts.
Uncommon though it may be, we do sometimes use the suffix "ão" with the word that replaces "you" (second person plural) in Portuguese. For example: "Estão a viajar juntos?"
Unconfined to coops, the Millers' free-range chicken flock have their run of the yard.
Unconscionable Love, bane and tormentor of mankind, parent of strife, fountain of tears, source of a thousand ills.
Unconscious ignorance is when you not only do not know something, but you don't even know that you don't know it.
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair.
Unconsciously, you bring your hands to your face.
Uncontrolled, these forces may be dangerous and destructive, but once mastered they can be bent to man's will and desire.
Uncontrolled, these forces may be dangerous and destructive, but once mastered they can be bent to man’s will and desire.
Uncover the horrific truth of this shocking story.
Uncut footage of the governor's affair has surfaced on the Internet.
Uncut footage of the governor’s affair has surfaced on the Internet.
Uncut timbre is a tree full standing.
Undaunted, he refused to give up.
Under Algerian law, Yanni's true identity can't be revealed.
Under Algerian law, the company must prepare a study on the environmental consequences of the project.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria became a corrupt country.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria became a kleptocracy.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria had a corrupt government.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria made many fateful economic errors.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria spent too much money and quickly. Billions of dollars were also looted by corrupt officials.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was being robbed under the nose of the authorities.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was looted by its political elite.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria was mismanaged by the political elite.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's corrupt officials siphoned billions of dollars out of the country.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's corrupt officials would set up private companies, sign contracts with government companies and institutions and charge them inflated prices.
Under Bouteflika, Algeria's vast wealth was squandered.
Under Bouteflika, billions of dollars were siphoned off by corrupt officials.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials drained the wealth of state-owned companies for years.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials plundered Algeria's vast resources.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials plundered Algeria.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials siphoned millions off public budgets.
Under Bouteflika, corrupt officials squandered Algeria's riches.
Under Bouteflika, election fraud was very common.
Under Bouteflika, many Algerian officials were complicit in serious wrongdoing.
Under Bouteflika, many corrupt officials became unimaginably rich.
Under Bouteflika, many state-owned companies were driven into the ground because of mismanagement.
Under Bouteflika, officials made millions of dirty cash.
Under Bouteflika, the Algerian government lost all credibility.
Under Bouteflika, the concentration of power led to abusive power.
Under Bouteflika, the government was run by corrupt officials.
Under Bouteflika, there was no financial transparency at all.
Under Europa's icy crust might be an ocean of water.
Under Europa’s icy crust might be an ocean of water.
Under Europa’s icy crust might be water ocean.
Under Greek law, all antiquities found in the country are state property.
Under Section 702, surveillance has to be targeted, that is, it has to be “selector-based,” meaning either a particular email or phone number.
Under Tom's guidance, you are safe.
Under U.S. law, all top government officials are required to file annual financial disclosure documents with the agency.
Under Ziri's tough exterior, there was a kind person.
Under a massive $2 billion redevelopment project, the 16,000 tenements like the one Kambli lives in will be destroyed and replaced with modern, high-rise buildings.
Under a microscope, coronaviruses look like round blobs surrounded by spikes, much like the corona, or crown, surrounding the sun.
Under a microscope, some viruses appear quite beautiful.
Under all circumstances, it is ok.
Under all conditions and circumstances, truth is always one without a second. Mind creates a second.
Under certain circumstances banks can freeze the assets of a person who dies without a will.
Under communism, people have built stupidity upon insanity together.
Under communism, there is little motivation to work hard if everyone is guaranteed the same outcome.
Under different circumstances, their friendship could have developed into something more.
Under different circumstances, their friendship could've developed into something more.
Under her leadership, the company was brought to new heights and experienced a massive wave of popularity.
Under his car seat, Tom found a bottle of cola whose use-by date was over ten years ago.
Under his mother's tutelage, Eldar quickly progressed to playing intricate jazz pieces by pianists Bill Evans and Art Tatum.
Under international law, the blockade on Gaza has to be lifted unconditionally.
Under no circumstances can the scheme be put into practice.
Under no circumstances can we accept checks.
Under no circumstances can you enter in here.
Under no circumstances must anyone enter the room until it has been cleaned up completely.
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
Under no circumstances should we confuse friendship with love.
Under no circumstances should you go away today.
Under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone.
Under no circumstances should you swim in that deep river.
Under no circumstances will I do that!
Under no circumstances will I ever consent to such a travesty.
Under no circumstances will the princess succeed to the throne.
Under no circumstances will we take part in military actions.
Under normal circumstances, I'd agree to do that.
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to do that with Mary.
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to do that.
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to go there.
Under normal circumstances, scientists say pain serves an important biological function; a sharp poke with a needle or knifepoint, or slight burn, causes most people to recoil, protecting them from further harm.
Under normal conditions, the boiling point of water is 100 degrees Celsius.
Under normal conditions, the vagina is colonized primarily by lacto-bacilli, which produce hydrogen peroxide — or most of which produce hydrogen peroxide — that maintains an acidic pH in the vagina.
Under other circumstances, she would have been delighted.
Under peaceful conditions, the warlike man attacks himself.
Under present circumstances, I don't intend to return to my country.
Under pressure, I wrote an apology letter.
Under pressure, those aneurysms can expand like balloons, stretching the arterial wall.
Under public pressure, some governments are easing their pandemic restrictions in a bid to salvage something of the holiday spirit.
Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
Under such conditions, I won't do that.
Under supervision, he looks after his clients much better.
Under supervision, he treats his clients better.
Under the Algerian system, everybody receive assistance.
Under the Algerian system, everyone gets free education.
Under the Algerian system, everyone gets help.
Under the Constitution, the lower chamber's resolutions override those of the upper chamber.
Under the Constitution, the lower chamber’s resolutions override those of the upper chamber.
Under the Order of the head of state, he headed the State Housing Construction Agency in 2016-2018.
Under the Order of the head of state, she headed the State Housing Construction Agency in 2016-2018.
Under the Orders of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, in 2009-2013 he worked as Deputy Director of Icherisheher State Historical and Architectural Reserve under the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Azerbaijan and in 2013-2016 as its Director.
Under the Orders of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, in 2009-2013 she worked as Deputy Director of Icherisheher State Historical and Architectural Reserve under the Cabinet of Ministers of the Republic of Azerbaijan and in 2013-2016 as its Director.
Under the Tatoeba guidelines, it is recommended that members only add sentences in their native language and/or translate from a language they can understand into their native language. The reason for this is that it is much easier to form natural-sounding sentences in one's native language. When we write in a language other than our native language, it is very easy to produce sentences that sound strange. Please make sure you only translate the sentence if you are sure you know what it means.
Under the cartoon, he wrote "Get your hot dogs!"
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
Under the circumstances we have no choice but to surrender.
Under the circumstances, I don't think Tom would mind.
Under the circumstances, bankruptcy is inevitable.
Under the cloak of anonymity, cowards are acting like bigmouths.
Under the conditions of y'all not being able to fight in Lojban, please don't fight.
Under the current circumstances we cannot say "no".
Under the current conditions, I didn't feel comfortable making this trip.
Under the deal, a quarter of European boats' fishing rights in British waters will be transferred to British boats over the next five years.
Under the epistemology of your dream, you clearly see me.
Under the gas giant's moon's layer of ice, a submarine probe scooted through the water ocean.
Under the hood of a shark costume was Brian Yurasits, director of development at the nonprofit TerraMar Project, which educates and promotes ocean issues.
Under the hot lights of the interrogation room, Fadil confessed to everything.
Under the law, most young adults who can’t get coverage through their jobs can stay on their parents’ plans until age 26.
Under the moon's layer of ice, a submarine probe scooted through the water ocean.
Under the new contract, Niger could see an increase in the rate of mining royalties from 5.5 percent up to 12 percent.
Under the new law, husbands can take days off to care for their children.
Under the new order, all open-air gatherings of people are banned, as are sporting events and sporting facilities, including swimming pools, spas, sport halls and ski resorts.
Under the new regulations, defendants will have access to all the evidence prosecutors will present against them, including hearsay and classified information.
Under the order of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan dated 1 November 2019, he was appointed Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Azerbaijan.
Under the reign of tyranny, innocent people were deprived of their citizenship.
Under the relaxed measures, Spanish children under the age of 14 can go for one-hour walks within one kilometer of their homes between the hours of 9 a.m. and 9 p.m.
Under the rule of Gaddafi the residents of Libya lived in prosperity, it was a safe and stable country.
Under the shadow of the oak tree, Tom and Mary recited haiku to each other all day long.
Under the stratified system of government in this country of 7.3 million people, parliamentary elections are not able to bring about significant changes.
Under the table is a cat.
Under the table was a black cat.
Under the teacher's guidance, I took big strides with my studies.
Under the thigh is the knee; under this one is the calf; under the latter is the foot.
Under the traditional system that requires people to have account names and passwords, users often forget passwords, use the same one for various accounts, or use passwords that hackers can guess by running software that applies common dictionary words to log in.
Under the tree is a bench.
Under the vast heaven, no land is not the king's land; at the edges of the land, no one is not the king's subject.
Under the windscreen wipers of every car along this stretch of road is a parking ticket.
Under their rule, Milan was a military base and a center of commerce between Rome and Central Europe.
Under these circumstances, I can't accept the offer.
Under these circumstances, I cannot accept the offer.
Under these circumstances, it's understandable.
Under these conditions we can not work together.
Under these conditions, we won't be able to buy a house.
Under this condition they proceeded on their way, he leading, she following, through passages dark and steep, in total silence, till they had nearly reached the outlet into the cheerful upper world, when Orpheus, in a moment of forgetfulness, to assure himself that she was still following, cast a glance behind him, when instantly she was borne away.
Under this type of geo-sequestration, carbon dioxide from power plants is compressed into liquid and pumped underground.
Under those circumstances, the idea of going to university was of course a non-starter.
Under those circumstances, the idea of going to university went out the window, of course.
Under those circumstances, the plan to go to university had to be abandoned, of course.
Under what cause am I being arrested?
Under what name did you work as agent?
Under what name?
Under where?
Underage drinking is a crime.
Underage drinking is a serious problem.
Undercover cops were pulled over by someone impersonating a cop.
Undergraduate students should speak out for justice.
Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on rails.
Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on tracks.
Underground fares will increase from 1st April 1999.
Underground or aboveground travel would be immune to weather changes and collisions and would require little energy.
Underhandedness really gets on my nerves.
Underline all the verbs in the future tense in this text.
Underline all the verbs in this text which are in the future tense.
Underline unfamiliar words.
Underneath all that coldness on the surface, my father hid his most vulnerable side, an innocent and generous heart.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
Underpants go underneath your pants, even if you're a superhero.
Underscoring his incompetency, the president misspelled "education" in his executive order.
Understand how your body works.
Understand me.
Understand that everyone has different perspectives, so choose your words wisely to foster respect.
Understand the gravity of the situation, as your behavior could spark a catastrophic chain of events.
Understand the inner workings of you.
Understand the key factors that shape an issue.
Understand the position you're in.
Understand your emotions.
Understand your position.
Understand your situation.
Understand yourself.
Understand?
Understandably, Tom didn't come.
Understandably, most parents do not want to hear or believe this.
Understanding Algeria is very important.
Understanding Tom's accent is as difficult as reading a doctor's handwriting.
Understanding alternative concepts is important.
Understanding and dialogue are fundamental to combat stereotypes.
Understanding can dispel the shadows of evil.
Understanding certain topics takes time and experience.
Understanding differences leads to greater empathy.
Understanding different views can foster respect.
Understanding dreams can clarify your mind.
Understanding dreams can lead to personal growth.
Understanding each other became increasingly difficult.
Understanding his needs is important to me.
Understanding how fires spread in space is vital for developing flame-resistant materials and fire prevention measures.
Understanding how plugins may work in C will help us understand how to implement cross-language plugins in the future.
Understanding how to rekindle the romance is crucial.
Understanding is essential.
Understanding is feeling capable of doing.
Understanding is good.
Understanding is possible when there is mutual respect.
Understanding jokes is subjective.
Understanding myself better has been a journey.
Understanding normality is a challenge for me.
Understanding one another is important.
Understanding our bodies is part of growing up.
Understanding parts-of-speech is extremely important for getting the feel of word order.
Understanding sperm production is important for reproductive health.
Understanding that is not simple.
Understanding that machine isn't all that easy.
Understanding the aquifer’s capacity to store water from year to year is important because it fills a major gap in the overall equation of meltwater runoff and sea levels.
Understanding the intricacies of a complex system requires a lot of attention to detail, which Carlos possesses.
Understanding the intricacies of a foreign culture can be challenging, but Carlos is always eager to learn.
Understanding the intricacies of a foreign language requires a lot of practice, which Carlos is willing to put in.
Understanding the intricacies of different musical instruments requires a lot of practice and dedication, which Carlos has in spades.
Understanding the intricacies of financial markets requires a lot of research and analysis, which Carlos is well-equipped to handle.
Understanding the intricacies of human emotions can be challenging, but as a therapist, Carlos is a sensitive and empathetic person.
Understanding the principles of ecology is essential for developing sustainable solutions to environmental challenges.
Understanding the purpose of someone’s behavior can help resolve conflicts.
Understanding the true origins of goods, practices, beliefs and stories, and how they have been transformed and transported to their current locations, can give a more complete picture of a particular cultural practice or product.
Understanding this book is beyond my capacity.
Understanding this is going to help you.
Understanding what the choir sings in the fourth movement of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony is reason enough to learn German worldwide.
Understanding what we do is already doing it differently.
Understanding you is really very hard.
Understanding your children's feelings is important.
Understanding your experience could help him.
Understood in its totality, the spectacle is both the result and the goal of the dominant mode of production. It is not a mere decoration added to the real world. It is the very heart of this real society's unreality. In all of its particular manifestations — news, propaganda, advertising, entertainment — the spectacle represents the dominant model of life. It is the omnipresent affirmation of the choices that have already been made in the sphere of production and in the consumption implied by that production. In both form and content the spectacle serves as a total justification of the conditions and goals of the existing system. The spectacle also represents the constant presence of this justification since it monopolizes the majority of the time spent outside the production process.
Understood why I am opposed to women on the tatami?
Understood!
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in a little more than three minutes.
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in about three minutes.
Understood, Mary. We'll be there in less than three minutes.
Understood.
Understood?
Undertaking a project like that in Algeria is unrealistic.
Undertaking university studies will cost you ten thousand pounds at a minimum.
Underwear is not meant to be hidden, but rather to be shown.
Undeterred by obstacles, he remained resolute in his pursuit of a new chapter in life.
Undo the wrapper carefully so as not to damage the jelly baby.
Undocumented immigrants here are taxpayers, as they pay sales tax.
Undoubtedly the most entertaining thing to do in winter is to search for your snow entombed car.
Undoubtedly these fraudulent applications are programmed to trick people.
Undoubtedly we ought to be conscientious and we ought to fear and regret evil.
Undoubtedly, cycling is healthier than driving.
Undoubtedly, he made it up.
Undoubtedly, my main concern is money.
Undoubtedly.
Undress!
Undressing him slowly while kissing him, she soon had him fully naked, like herself, and made him lie down on his back on the bed, where she eyed hungrily his hard, erect penis while holding it with fingers from both of her hands.
Unemployment and underemployment remain high.
Unemployment has dipped to just under 6% in the last month.
Unemployment has fallen but remains high, especially among youth.
Unemployment has risen.
Unemployment has worsened in Algeria?
Unemployment in this part of the country is virtually nonexistent.
Unemployment is a major problem.
Unemployment is also a major problem.
Unemployment is another major problem.
Unemployment is high in Morocco.
Unemployment is high.
Unemployment is rising in Algeria.
Unemployment is rising.
Unemployment is still high.
Unemployment is very low.
Unemployment reached 16% in 2011 but declined to 11.5% in December 2017.
Unemployment remains a problem throughout the country despite a bloated public sector.
Unemployment remains persistently high.
Unemployment remains relatively high in Algeria.
Unemployment remains stubbornly high at 14.9%, while youth joblessness, for those under age 24, is the worst in Europe at 30.6%.
Unemployment rose from 9.5% in May to 9.9% in June.
Unemployment rose sharply.
Unemployment slightly decreased in Algeria.
Unemployment, poverty, and inequality - among the highest in the world - remain a challenge.
Unencumbered by Earth's blurring atmosphere, the space observatory unveils the universe in unprecedented crystal-clear sharpness across a broad range of wavelengths, from ultraviolet to near-infrared light.
Unequal access to quality education perpetuates this uneven income distribution.
Unequal steers do not make a good pair to hitch to the plow.
Unequip the armor.
Uneven tyre wear is evident here.
Unexpected changes led to a huge clusterfuck.
Unexpected complications have prevented him from coming.
Unexpected results were announced.
Unexpected stuff happens all the time.
Unexpected things happen every day.
Unexpected things happen more often than things you expect.
Unexpected things happen to those who expect things.
Unexpectedly the weather forecast came true yesterday.
Unexpectedly, I struck fortune.
Unexpectedly, he was on time.
Unexpectedly, you could see a tear had surfaced in the corner of the doctor's eye.
Unexplained things happened in the woods lately.
Unexploded ordnance is found every year in Europe.
Unfailing love does not exist.
Unfair advantage was taken of Bill's weakness.
Unfair advantage was taken of Bill’s weakness.
Unfair tariffs are imposed on foreign products.
Unfamiliar terrain can be difficult to traverse.
Unfashionable as it is, he rides his bike to the station dressed in jeans, a tee shirt, and a jacket.
Unfasten the pin.
Unfavorable circumstances prevented me from traveling.
Unfazed by criticism, she continued her work.
Unfeeling, heartless creator! you had endowed me with perceptions and passions, and then cast me abroad an object for the scorn and horror of mankind.
Unforeseen events happen all the time.
Unfortunate things are likely to happen if you insist on acting this way.
Unfortunate things happen at every turn.
Unfortunately I can't come any earlier than tomorrow.
Unfortunately I can't find the lyrics for this song.
Unfortunately I can't understand a word when you speak facing away from me.
Unfortunately I can't watch the video until later, but from experience I give it a thumbs up.
Unfortunately I couldn't do that.
Unfortunately I don't have a cigarette; I quit in 2012.
Unfortunately I don't have another idea.
Unfortunately I don't know a single word in Turkish.
Unfortunately I don't make any money.
Unfortunately I don't think I'd be of much help.
Unfortunately I don’t think I’d be of much help.
Unfortunately I forgot to charge my camera beforehand.
Unfortunately I gotta go now.
Unfortunately I hardly speak any German.
Unfortunately I have no money with me.
Unfortunately I have the bad habit of picking the scab off my wounds.
Unfortunately I hit the morning rush hour.
Unfortunately I must decline your invitation.
Unfortunately I saw Tom climbing up the window.
Unfortunately I saw things I should not see again.
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech.
Unfortunately I will not have much free time.
Unfortunately I'm forced to do it regardless of whether I like it or not.
Unfortunately Tom isn't healthy.
Unfortunately for Yanni, he was in such a difficult position.
Unfortunately for Ziri, he doesn't have the book anymore.
Unfortunately for his rÃ©sumÃ©, he has no taste for volunteering.
Unfortunately for his résumé, he has no taste for volunteering.
Unfortunately he has already left.
Unfortunately he met the wrong woman.
Unfortunately he refused to come.
Unfortunately he was a bit slow of apprehension.
Unfortunately he's a little too narrow-minded to accept these changes.
Unfortunately if you have a problem with it, you'll have to follow the grievance procedure as outlined in the employee handbook.
Unfortunately it rains today.
Unfortunately it will be impossible for us to accept your proposal.
Unfortunately it's not a joke, but the sad reality.
Unfortunately it's true.
Unfortunately she already has a steady boyfriend.
Unfortunately she only had five dollars with her.
Unfortunately the expensive automobile that I purchased last week has broken down.
Unfortunately the guide went wrong.
Unfortunately the majority of Algerians want an Islamic republic but all immigrate to Western countries, even risking their lives.
Unfortunately the poet died in his youth.
Unfortunately the store was closed.
Unfortunately the telephone was out of order.
Unfortunately there are a lot of projects that are only on paper and aren't implemented.
Unfortunately there are few examples in history of nations who have learned anything from their own history.
Unfortunately there's no political movement to be found here that isn't either far-right or far-left.
Unfortunately this book is difficult to find.
Unfortunately this is real.
Unfortunately those beautiful words are not my own.
Unfortunately we didn't receive your answer.
Unfortunately we don't know the number of recoveries.
Unfortunately you'll have to wait until the table is available.
Unfortunately!
Unfortunately, Algiers is a city that sleeps.
Unfortunately, Apple does not provide a warranty for accidental damages.
Unfortunately, Apple doesn't provide a warranty for accidental damages.
Unfortunately, Brian met with bad weather.
Unfortunately, Carlos got away.
Unfortunately, Fadil doesn't have a final say on this.
Unfortunately, I agree with you.
Unfortunately, I already have plans for that day.
Unfortunately, I am right.
Unfortunately, I am too busy now.
Unfortunately, I believed all the lies that Tom and Mary were telling.
Unfortunately, I believed all the lies that Tom was telling.
Unfortunately, I broke my leg in an accident and could not continue.
Unfortunately, I broke my leg, so I can't go skiing with you this weekend.
Unfortunately, I can't accept your invitation.
Unfortunately, I can't afford to buy everything I need right now.
Unfortunately, I can't agree with you.
Unfortunately, I can't buy that for you.
Unfortunately, I can't come tomorrow; I have a meeting.
Unfortunately, I can't come tonight.
Unfortunately, I can't come.
Unfortunately, I can't do that for you.
Unfortunately, I can't do that.
Unfortunately, I can't find it.
Unfortunately, I can't find this article.
Unfortunately, I can't help at the moment.
Unfortunately, I can't help them.
Unfortunately, I can't help you at the moment.
Unfortunately, I can't help you do that at the moment.
Unfortunately, I can't help you do that now.
Unfortunately, I can't help you now.
Unfortunately, I can't help you with that.
Unfortunately, I can't help you, but I have a suggestion.
Unfortunately, I can't say the same for myself.
Unfortunately, I can't see the end of it.
Unfortunately, I can't seem to put my hands on your document at the moment.
Unfortunately, I can't tell Tom.
Unfortunately, I can't tell her.
Unfortunately, I can't tell him.
Unfortunately, I can't tell you that.
Unfortunately, I can't translate this sentence because I don't understand it.
Unfortunately, I can't.
Unfortunately, I cannot find the battery for my camera.
Unfortunately, I cannot help them.
Unfortunately, I cannot recommend Tatoeba with a pure heart to persons intending to learn languages.
Unfortunately, I couldn't fix it.
Unfortunately, I did not make it on time.
Unfortunately, I did nothing.
Unfortunately, I didn't come to an agreement with Tom.
Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to see the castle.
Unfortunately, I didn't get to the station in time to catch my train.
Unfortunately, I didn't get to the station on time.
Unfortunately, I didn't have time to study for the exam, so I failed it.
Unfortunately, I didn't make it in time.
Unfortunately, I didn't make it on time.
Unfortunately, I didn't quite understand what she wanted to say.
Unfortunately, I didn't realize the potential of an opportunity until it was too late.
Unfortunately, I didn't understand what you said.
Unfortunately, I didn't understand.
Unfortunately, I didn’t get the chance to see the castle.
Unfortunately, I do not feel well right now. It's not possible for me to go over to your place.
Unfortunately, I do not have a very long time.
Unfortunately, I don't believe Tom will succeed.
Unfortunately, I don't believe she'll succeed.
Unfortunately, I don't have a car.
Unfortunately, I don't have a reservation. Do you still have a double room available?
Unfortunately, I don't have a say in the matter.
Unfortunately, I don't have any money with me now.
Unfortunately, I don't have any money with me today.
Unfortunately, I don't have so much money on me.
Unfortunately, I don't have time for that right now.
Unfortunately, I don't have time to do that.
Unfortunately, I don't have time today.
Unfortunately, I don't know that person. We do seem to live in the same body and even share the same brain, but they're a complete stranger to me.
Unfortunately, I don't know.
Unfortunately, I don't remember anything.
Unfortunately, I don't remember him anymore.
Unfortunately, I don't share your opinion.
Unfortunately, I don't share your views.
Unfortunately, I don't speak French.
Unfortunately, I don't speak Mongolian.
Unfortunately, I don't think Tom will succeed.
Unfortunately, I don't understand English well.
Unfortunately, I don't understand French very well.
Unfortunately, I don't understand any Asian language, except Russian, but even that not quite well.
Unfortunately, I don’t have a reservation. Do you still have a double room available?
Unfortunately, I don’t have so much money on me.
Unfortunately, I find myself forced to cancel my lecture.
Unfortunately, I found the experience unsatisfying.
Unfortunately, I had another commitment.
Unfortunately, I had to drop out of college because I couldn't afford the tuition.
Unfortunately, I had to take this time away from my family.
Unfortunately, I hardly speak any French.
Unfortunately, I have a commitment.
Unfortunately, I have bad news.
Unfortunately, I have no alternative.
Unfortunately, I have no proof for my suspicion.
Unfortunately, I have nothing pleasant to tell you. Your daughter's condition has gotten quite a bit worse.
Unfortunately, I have other plans.
Unfortunately, I have to disappoint you.
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.
Unfortunately, I have to go.
Unfortunately, I have to start going.
Unfortunately, I haven't the slightest.
Unfortunately, I hit the morning rush hour.
Unfortunately, I know how these things usually end.
Unfortunately, I know nothing about Go.
Unfortunately, I left my homework at home.
Unfortunately, I lost my passport.
Unfortunately, I lost my umbrella.
Unfortunately, I missed all the fun.
Unfortunately, I missed my flight, so I won't get to Boston in time for the meeting.
Unfortunately, I missed seeing the movie.
Unfortunately, I must decline the offer.
Unfortunately, I must refuse.
Unfortunately, I never got the chance to meet her.
Unfortunately, I never got to meet Tom.
Unfortunately, I never got to meet them.
Unfortunately, I only understood half of what I read.
Unfortunately, I seem to have mislaid that book.
Unfortunately, I was busy yesterday and couldn't do that.
Unfortunately, I was busy yesterday and couldn't go.
Unfortunately, I was stupid enough to do that.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to keep my promise.
Unfortunately, I wasn't smart enough to do that.
Unfortunately, I won't be able to attend today's meeting.
Unfortunately, I won't be able to help you with that.
Unfortunately, I won't be able to make it to your party.
Unfortunately, I won't be there.
Unfortunately, I'll have to pass.
Unfortunately, I'm a little strapped.
Unfortunately, I'm all too well familiar with people who envy my personal accomplishments.
Unfortunately, I'm late.
Unfortunately, I'm not doing well.
Unfortunately, I'm not much of a dancer.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure Tom will succeed.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure he'll succeed.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure she'll succeed.
Unfortunately, I'm now too busy.
Unfortunately, I'm too busy right now.
Unfortunately, I've lost my passport.
Unfortunately, I've no idea.
Unfortunately, Lukas's boss was a stinge.
Unfortunately, Mary couldn't know that Tom had already decided everything and was only waiting for an opportunity to let her know about it.
Unfortunately, Mary did what you told her not to.
Unfortunately, Nancy was right.
Unfortunately, Tom agreed to do that.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary aren't the ones who have the final say on this.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary did what you told them not to.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary weren't wearing life jackets.
Unfortunately, Tom bases his arguments on science and reason.
Unfortunately, Tom came back as a zombie.
Unfortunately, Tom can't come to our wedding.
Unfortunately, Tom can't come tomorrow.
Unfortunately, Tom can't do that for you.
Unfortunately, Tom did that.
Unfortunately, Tom did what you told him not to.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't agree to help us.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't come back from the war.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't come.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't have a lifejacket and he couldn't swim.
Unfortunately, Tom didn't hear the dog growl.
Unfortunately, Tom doesn't have a say in this matter.
Unfortunately, Tom immediately says his thoughts out loud.
Unfortunately, Tom is already engaged.
Unfortunately, Tom is already married.
Unfortunately, Tom is sick.
Unfortunately, Tom is usually right.
Unfortunately, Tom isn't here.
Unfortunately, Tom isn't the one who has the final say on this.
Unfortunately, Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Unfortunately, Tom refused to help us.
Unfortunately, Tom took his recipe to the grave.
Unfortunately, Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't able to come today.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't alone.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't there.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't wearing a life jacket.
Unfortunately, Tom won't be able to attend your party.
Unfortunately, Tom's train has left.
Unfortunately, Yanni can't come this way.
Unfortunately, Yanni couldn't sleep that night.
Unfortunately, Ziri didn't see that as a good gesture.
Unfortunately, Ziri forgot his password.
Unfortunately, Ziri is part of the solution.
Unfortunately, Ziri missed Rima's call.
Unfortunately, Ziri passed his driving test.
Unfortunately, Ziri's phone is now broken.
Unfortunately, a Japanese dub of the film is not included on this DVD, but at least there are Japanese subtitles.
Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
Unfortunately, all the family photos were lost during the last move.
Unfortunately, an error has occurred.
Unfortunately, as you know, I couldn't afford anything.
Unfortunately, as you know, I wasn't able to learn Romanian.
Unfortunately, as you well know, I could not learn Romanian.
Unfortunately, bad things continued to happen to Ziri.
Unfortunately, being a woman isn't very helpful when it gets dark in the area.
Unfortunately, by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes.
Unfortunately, during my time here, I also met AfD voters.
Unfortunately, earthquakes are common in Asia.
Unfortunately, elephants can't sing well.
Unfortunately, every opportunity was passed up.
Unfortunately, everything is expensive and you will eat less in general!
Unfortunately, few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Unfortunately, full employment can no longer be taken for granted.
Unfortunately, funds were unavailable at the time to make these repairs possible.
Unfortunately, he broke his foot in the accident.
Unfortunately, he broke his leg in the accident.
Unfortunately, he didn't come.
Unfortunately, he didn't complete his degree.
Unfortunately, he didn't finish his degree.
Unfortunately, he didn't start preparing for the exam until it was much too late.
Unfortunately, he didn't start revising for the exam until it was much too late.
Unfortunately, he died young.
Unfortunately, he got his leg broken in the accident.
Unfortunately, he had gone from being omnipotent God to being a powerless, dirty, small and insignificant man in a corner of a small province in a giant empire.
Unfortunately, he hasn't met the right woman.
Unfortunately, he inherited that attitude from Dad.
Unfortunately, he refused to come.
Unfortunately, he refused to help us.
Unfortunately, he wasn't very good at it.
Unfortunately, he's no longer here, and fundamental things were left unsaid between us.
Unfortunately, he's on another call.
Unfortunately, help came too late.
Unfortunately, his marriage also ended in divorce
Unfortunately, his new song was not enthusiastically received by his fans.
Unfortunately, his repeated failures soured his temper.
Unfortunately, however, it won't be easy.
Unfortunately, increasing the number of traffic signals at intersections didn't help decrease the number of traffic accidents.
Unfortunately, it didn't rain.
Unfortunately, it doesn't really seem to be true.
Unfortunately, it doesn't seem to be true.
Unfortunately, it had snowed.
Unfortunately, it happens sometimes.
Unfortunately, it has always been that way.
Unfortunately, it is next to impossible to argue your point with a man as stubborn to the bone as he is.
Unfortunately, it rained that day.
Unfortunately, it rained yesterday.
Unfortunately, it rained.
Unfortunately, it was a guy.
Unfortunately, it was impossible for us to notify you.
Unfortunately, it was just manual work.
Unfortunately, it was raining yesterday.
Unfortunately, it was raining.
Unfortunately, it wasn't that easy.
Unfortunately, it will never be possible to perfectly know all the languages in the world. They are too numerous.
Unfortunately, it would be too difficult to find support for this.
Unfortunately, it's a hoax.
Unfortunately, it's already full.
Unfortunately, it's not a photomontage!
Unfortunately, it's not possible.
Unfortunately, it's not that easy.
Unfortunately, it's not that simple.
Unfortunately, it's often like that.
Unfortunately, it's raining today.
Unfortunately, it's the same everywhere.
Unfortunately, it's true.
Unfortunately, it’s true.
Unfortunately, like other developed countries, America is graying.
Unfortunately, many Muslims are not aware of why they are Muslim. Many Muslims became Muslim just because their parents are Muslims.
Unfortunately, many Russian citizens have an inadequate conception of what is happening in Kyiv.
Unfortunately, many of the popular science articles written about the study misrepresented its conclusions.
Unfortunately, many parents view Berber as more homework for their children. In fact, they need to think about the Berber language differently.
Unfortunately, many parents view Berber as more homework for their kids.
Unfortunately, many people don't trust us anymore.
Unfortunately, many politicians are dishonest.
Unfortunately, mistakes happen.
Unfortunately, munificence is not one of the salient features of my husband.
Unfortunately, my French isn't very good.
Unfortunately, my adolescence passed without me noticing.
Unfortunately, my birthday is only once a year.
Unfortunately, my father isn't at home.
Unfortunately, my hope was an illusion.
Unfortunately, my mother isn't at home.
Unfortunately, my neighbor had a traffic accident and fell into a coma.
Unfortunately, my neighbor was in a traffic accident and ended up in a coma.
Unfortunately, my neighbor was involved in a traffic accident, and is currently in a coma.
Unfortunately, my teachers are not the worst ones.
Unfortunately, my trip to Indonesia fell through because I couldn't save enough money.
Unfortunately, my trip to Indonesia fell through because I couldn’t save enough money.
Unfortunately, my wife and my lover don't get along very well together.
Unfortunately, my wife's sick, so we can't come over for dinner.
Unfortunately, neither of them are alive anymore.
Unfortunately, no one deals with this question.
Unfortunately, no one had a better idea.
Unfortunately, no one told us.
Unfortunately, nobody told us.
Unfortunately, nobody was close.
Unfortunately, none of my Japanese friends are learning German, but one of them is learning Russian.
Unfortunately, nothing happened.
Unfortunately, only a small number of Skype users are interested in Tatoeba.
Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, no.
Unfortunately, our agency doesn't allow this.
Unfortunately, our conversation came to an abrupt end.
Unfortunately, our conversation was more frustrating than productive.
Unfortunately, our father is not in heaven, but in a jail cell.
Unfortunately, our team didn't win like we expected.
Unfortunately, princes don't tend to be handsome.
Unfortunately, scant attention is being paid by the outside world to the appalling predicament of the civilians trapped in these areas.
Unfortunately, several reservations have been cancelled due to recent terrorist attacks.
Unfortunately, she didn't come.
Unfortunately, she died before she managed to realize her dream.
Unfortunately, she is absent.
Unfortunately, she is not alive anymore.
Unfortunately, she lives abroad.
Unfortunately, some people were offended.
Unfortunately, that book is nowhere to be found.
Unfortunately, that cost Sami his life.
Unfortunately, that didn't happen.
Unfortunately, that foreigner doesn't seem to speak Uyghur. I don't know what he wanted to say.
Unfortunately, that hasn't been possible.
Unfortunately, that hasn't happened.
Unfortunately, that is the case.
Unfortunately, that is the truth.
Unfortunately, that is true.
Unfortunately, that isn't the case.
Unfortunately, that job is already taken.
Unfortunately, that position has already been filled.
Unfortunately, that rumor is true.
Unfortunately, that rumor proved to be true.
Unfortunately, that rumour proved to be true.
Unfortunately, that vacancy has already been filled.
Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.
Unfortunately, that won't happen.
Unfortunately, that's a browser that really invades your privacy.
Unfortunately, that's all that's left.
Unfortunately, that's completely impossible to do.
Unfortunately, that's correct.
Unfortunately, that's not an option.
Unfortunately, that's not going to happen.
Unfortunately, that's not possible.
Unfortunately, that's not the case.
Unfortunately, that's not what happened.
Unfortunately, that's the case.
Unfortunately, that's the reality.
Unfortunately, that's true.
Unfortunately, the Internet gives extremists and intolerants of all persuasions an equal opportunity to portray wrongful and dangerous views.
Unfortunately, the ambulance arrived too late.
Unfortunately, the answer is not simple.
Unfortunately, the baby died.
Unfortunately, the book fair is not taking place this year.
Unfortunately, the character you play is killed off at the very start of the play.
Unfortunately, the choice is permanent.
Unfortunately, the city lacks the money for repairing roads.
Unfortunately, the city lacks the money to repair roads.
Unfortunately, the equations in fluid mechanics introduce further difficulties, that is, they are nonlinear.
Unfortunately, the food supplies gave out before the end of winter.
Unfortunately, the food supplies ran out before the end of winter.
Unfortunately, the girl has almost nothing to eat.
Unfortunately, the hotel that you suggested was completely booked up.
Unfortunately, the idea wasn't accepted.
Unfortunately, the information is accurate.
Unfortunately, the marriage ended in a divorce.
Unfortunately, the medical examiner determined that Lia was braindead, or otherwise in a comatose state.
Unfortunately, the news of Putin's suicide was fake.
Unfortunately, the one who ruins everything isn't me, it's you.
Unfortunately, the package was sent to the incorrect address.
Unfortunately, the plan backfired.
Unfortunately, the police had to wait until there was another victim to try to find more about the serial killer.
Unfortunately, the report is correct.
Unfortunately, the report is only too true.
Unfortunately, the report is true.
Unfortunately, the rest of the world doesn't know much about Hungarian literature.
Unfortunately, the results are never as good as predicted.
Unfortunately, the results were never as good as expected.
Unfortunately, the results were never as good as had been hoped.
Unfortunately, the results were never as good as hoped.
Unfortunately, the results yesterday were as you see.
Unfortunately, the soup is only lukewarm.
Unfortunately, the soup is only warm.
Unfortunately, the store was closed.
Unfortunately, the surprise was short-lived in his mind.
Unfortunately, the system is corrupted.
Unfortunately, the telephone was out of order.
Unfortunately, the truth didn't make John happy.
Unfortunately, the usage of MacBooks is very limited in Turkey.
Unfortunately, the vaccine against the virus of Nazism that was developed during the Nuremberg trials is losing its strength in several European countries.
Unfortunately, the whole thing fell apart.
Unfortunately, there is no simple answer.
Unfortunately, there isn't any yakitori in our city.
Unfortunately, there isn't much I can do about it.
Unfortunately, there isn’t any yakitori in our city.
Unfortunately, there may be complications.
Unfortunately, there was a problem.
Unfortunately, there was no one around.
Unfortunately, there's a problem.
Unfortunately, there's no prospect of recovery.
Unfortunately, there's nothing I can help with.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do to change it.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can help with.
Unfortunately, there's nowhere to get changed on the beach.
Unfortunately, there's still a lot of badness in the world.
Unfortunately, these beautiful words are not mine.
Unfortunately, these things take time.
Unfortunately, they are very poorly educated people.
Unfortunately, they aren't so good.
Unfortunately, they didn't listen to my warnings.
Unfortunately, they're the majority.
Unfortunately, things have changed.
Unfortunately, this VR headset appears to be designed for people with smaller heads only.
Unfortunately, this apartment is not for rent.
Unfortunately, this house has already been sold.
Unfortunately, this information isn't accurate.
Unfortunately, this is all that's left.
Unfortunately, this is the only option.
Unfortunately, this isn't my area of expertise.
Unfortunately, this misconception is very persistent.
Unfortunately, this news is true.
Unfortunately, this office's windows don't open.
Unfortunately, this sentence is completely incomprehensible.
Unfortunately, this wasn't done.
Unfortunately, those trains are even slower.
Unfortunately, three days ago a magnitude 8.8 earthquake struck off the Pacific coast of Japan's Tohoku region.
Unfortunately, three days ago a magnitude 8.8 earthquake struck off the Pacific coast of Japan’s Tohoku region.
Unfortunately, to the extent that we choose societal coexistence, the absolute freedom to act ceases to apply.
Unfortunately, unemployment is on the rise.
Unfortunately, we are unable to comply with your request.
Unfortunately, we both left our umbrellas at home.
Unfortunately, we can not help you tomorrow.
Unfortunately, we cannot comply with your request.
Unfortunately, we couldn't implement much of what was planned.
Unfortunately, we didn't find it out in time.
Unfortunately, we didn't find out about that in time.
Unfortunately, we didn't find out in time.
Unfortunately, we didn't get to that station on time.
Unfortunately, we didn't visit Tom when we could.
Unfortunately, we don't have a lot of knowledge about Islam.
Unfortunately, we don't have any more.
Unfortunately, we don't have more.
Unfortunately, we don't have time to do that.
Unfortunately, we don't have what you want.
Unfortunately, we don't know the rest of his work.
Unfortunately, we have no choices but a certain buffer zone.
Unfortunately, we ignored that warning.
Unfortunately, we must inform you that the trip was canceled.
Unfortunately, we speak different languages.
Unfortunately, we still do not know what awaits us.
Unfortunately, we're unable to accommodate your request.
Unfortunately, when the rescuers found Ziri, he was already dead.
Unfortunately, you are no longer eligible for the prize.
Unfortunately, you can't bring Tom along.
Unfortunately, you can't eat tanks.
Unfortunately, you can't just walk away.
Unfortunately, you can't open the windows of this office.
Unfortunately, you can't see the stars tonight. It's overcast.
Unfortunately, you cannot bring him along.
Unfortunately, you didn't pass the check.
Unfortunately, you will return to China soon, so I will have nobody to accompany me.
Unfortunately, you won't get anything done in that office unless you grease someone's palm.
Unfortunately, you won’t get anything done in that office unless you grease someone’s palm.
Unfortunately, you're a little too young.
Unfortunately, you're right.
Unfortunately, you've just had bad luck.
Unfortunately, your contribution breaks some grammatical rules.
Unfortunatley I don't know.
Unfounded praise is like an insult.
Unfriendliness is the new thinking.
Unfriendly urbanite thinking has spread to the far reaches of the Earth.
Ungodly men ransacked the temple.
Ungratefulness is always some kind of weakness. I have never seen diligent people who were ungrateful.
Unhand me at once.
Unhappiness brings people together.
Unhappiness comes without being called.
Unhappiness never comes alone.
Unhindered, the drug-resistant bacteria can find their way into the bloodstream or organs through wounds or the use of catheters. Once infected, patients, whose bodies are now overrun by superbugs, do not respond to antibiotics and can die of septic shock and organ failure.
Unhurriedly, patiently, he managed to decipher the tiny writing.
Unicef has warned 1.4m children could starve to death this year.
Unicode 6.2 has 110 182 glyphs and 100 scripts.
Unicorns are real.
Unicorns don't exist.
Unicorns live in the enchanted forest.
Unicorns should exist.
Unicorns suck.
Unicorns use quintessence for magical purposes.
Unicorns, dragons, he's into all of that stuff.
Unidentified agents of Emperor Trump are going around kidnapping protesters off the street.
Uniform number No. 7 is his younger brother.
Uniformity hinders the development of society and prepares it for destruction from within.
Uniforms are generally school-specific in terms of color and style.
Uniforms deprive youths of an important choice: what to wear.
Uniforms differ from school to school.
Unigrams, as distinct from bigrams and trigrams, consist of precisely one element.
Unimaginable!
Uninstall method: Chuck the whole folder into the recycle bin.
Uninstall that app. It's nothing but a waste of time.
Union gives strength.
Union members railed against proposals to cut weekend penalty rates.
Union members will vote today on whether to take industrial action.
Union representatives remained tight-lipped about their negotiations with management.
Union soldiers watched as they marched away.
Unions in the United States don't seem to have much influence, do they?
Unique ideas helped him to earn a high income.
Unit of resistance is ohm and its symbol is same with the capital letter Omega in Greek alphabet. It’s "Î©".
Unite them all.
Unite!
United Nations food agencies are warning that COVID-19, conflict and lack of humanitarian aid are increasing levels of acute hunger around the world, with several countries and one region on the brink of famine.
United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Preet Bharara says these high-tech bank heists do not require a mask, a gun, a note, or a getaway car. Instead, these modern-day criminals use advanced software called Zeus to secure private bank information by spying on unsuspecting victims while they use their computers. From there they set up a series of money transfers.
United States shale gas production is one of the worst ongoing ecological disasters.
United States want to be the World unique superpower.
United are playing well for a change. We might even win this time.
United lost against City.
United salvaged a 1-1 draw, but still remain in the relegation zone.
United we stand, divided we fall.
United we stand.
United we stand. Divided we fall.
United's defenders need to get tighter to City's players on corners.
United, we are equal to most anything.
United, we can achieve anything.
Unity in diversity.
Unity is better than disunity.
Unity is better than money.
Unity is our strength!
Unity is the antidote to divisive actions.
Unity makes strength.
Unity, at the expense of substance, is useless.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
Universal jurisdiction holds that some crimes are so heinous they transcend any one nation and can be tried anywhere.
Universal suffrage was a major achievement.
Universal values are available in Islam.
Universities allow both Marxists and capitalists to teach and do research, as it should be.
Universities don't teach people to think in one specific way, but expose them to many points of view and allow them to make up their minds.
Universities have classrooms and dormitories.
Universities help people come to conclusions for better reasons.
Universities teach critical thinking skills. Those should be taught to everyone, so it's harder to manipulate people.
University education is designed to expand your knowledge.
University fees in Britain are about £9,000 per year.
University has always been a dream of mine.
University has always been on my wish list.
University is a waste of time.
University is free in Algeria.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
University of Copenhagen archeologist and study co-author Tobias Richter pointed to the nutritional implications of adding bread to the diet. "Bread provides us with an important source of carbohydrates and nutrients, including B vitamins, iron and magnesium, as well as fiber," Richter said.
University of Porto researcher João Relvas, co-author of the study, said in an interview, "Even for a short period of time, excessive drinking is likely to affect the brain, increasing the level of anxiety, a relevant feature in alcohol abuse and addiction."
University of Rochester neonatologist Sanjiv Amin explains that late in pregnancy, a process known as myelination occurs in the brain and nervous system. It's how the brain creates its wiring. Iron is important for myelination, and without it being provided during that period, then myelination may not occur adequately or optimally.
University sports coaches are among the highest paid employees at their institutions, with some earning more than college presidents and chancellors.
University starts in April.
University students in affected areas were unable to sit for their exams.
University was a wonderful experience.
University's not about larging it. It's about studying.
Unjust men are unhappy.
Unleash the hounds.
Unleash your creativity!
Unleash your creativity! Avoid using the same words, names, topics, or patterns over and over again.
Unleavened bread shall you eat seven days: there shall not be seen any thing leavened with thee, nor in all thy coasts.
Unless I absolutely have to, I don't work on weekends.
Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
Unless I am mistaken, I’ve seen that man before.
Unless I hear from you, I'll plan to meet you at five.
Unless I hear from you, I’ll plan to meet you at five.
Unless I leave right away, I'll be late for my appointment.
Unless I leave right away, I’ll be late for my appointment.
Unless I miss my guess, he is forty.
Unless I turn extremely unwell, lying down during the day is a distant dream.
Unless I'm mistaken, I've seen that man before.
Unless I'm mistaken, I've seen that woman before.
Unless Japan eliminates its unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
Unless Japan eliminates those barriers, the U.S. will take sanctions.
Unless Japan eliminates those unfair tariffs, the U.S. will impose sanctions.
Unless Tom is sober, I don't want him helping us.
Unless Tom tells you otherwise, you should be at tomorrow's meeting.
Unless Tom turns up in the next few minutes, we’ll have to go without him.
Unless a beautiful woman is an angel, her husband is the most wretched of men.
Unless a drastic remedy is quickly found, these elements, I am convinced, are going to be the nation's undoing.
Unless a nation's existence is in peril, war is murder.
Unless an object has a temperature of absolute zero (−273 °C) it reflects, absorbs, and emits energy—called electromagnetic radiation—in ways that depend on its physical and chemical properties.
Unless caught stealing, one is not a thief.
Unless everyone plays well, we may lose the game.
Unless from time to time he comes here.
Unless interns are living at home, they must find a way to pay for housing, food and transportation.
Unless it rains in Ethiopia soon, there could be severe drought problems.
Unless it rains, I will go, too.
Unless it rains, I'll go, too.
Unless it rains, the game will be held on Sunday.
Unless it's absolutely necessary, I don't use taxis.
Unless it's something fairly impressive, I won't remember it.
Unless it’s something fairly impressive, I won’t remember it.
Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it is affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.
Unless the God of my father, Abraham, and the fear of Isaac had stood by me, peradventure now thou hadst sent me away naked: God beheld my affliction and the labour of my hands, and rebuked thee yesterday.
Unless there is a miracle, we won't be able to make it on time.
Unless there is a miracle, we won’t be able to make it on time.
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
Unless there's some sort of miracle, it'll just carry on like this.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don’t want to eat here.
Unless they manage to force the company to make the necessary concessions, they should give up hope.
Unless we can find another way, we'll do it the way Tom showed us.
Unless we find some way to drum up more business, bankruptcy will be our only option.
Unless we succeed in establishing an alternative theory, this man is lost.
Unless we tell Tom otherwise, he plans to be at tomorrow's meeting.
Unless whales are protected, they will become extinct.
Unless you are a farmer praying for more seasonal rain, all should feel right with the world. But it doesn’t.
Unless you are a medical professional, it is insulting to ask a transgender person whether they have had any surgeries.
Unless you can speak French, they won't understand you.
Unless you do the right things, the right things will not happen to you.
Unless you have a death wish, you shouldn't try doing that.
Unless you have a specific destination, you're just moving the car and wasting gas.
Unless you have any more questions, I'd like to go now.
Unless you have good credit, buying a house is impossible.
Unless you have really tiny veins, you shouldn't have any trouble.
Unless you have really tiny veins, you shouldn’t have any trouble.
Unless you hurry, you will be late for school.
Unless you hurry, you'll be late for school.
Unless you keep early hours, you will injure your health.
Unless you listen carefully, you'll be in trouble later.
Unless you listen carefully, you’ll be in trouble later.
Unless you make a decision quickly, the opportunity will be lost.
Unless you prefer talking like this, you can speak to me casually.
Unless you put some effort in, your successes won't materialize overnight.
Unless you start now, you'll be late.
Unless you start now, you’ll be late.
Unless you started learning English as a child, you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker.
Unless you started learning English as a child, you’re unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker.
Unless you stop fighting, I'll call the police.
Unless you stop fighting, I’ll call the police.
Unless you study, you won't learn this.
Unless you take all your time, you won't get through it.
Unless you turn the radio off, I will go mad.
Unless you work for a food magazine, people don't pay you to eat and drink.
Unless you're me, I'm not going to judge you too harshly.
Unless you've done time in prison, you won't carry any clout in this crowd.
Unless you’re African, your skin probably carries traces of your Neanderthal forebears.
Unlike "then", "than" is not related to time. "Than" is used in comparative statements.
Unlike 'weasel', the Proto-Germanic ancestor of the word 'stoat' has not been established.
Unlike Aristotle, Plato deemed women fit for the highest of positions in his republic.
Unlike Chinese, Indonesian is not a tonal language.
Unlike Earth, Mariner 2 found that Venus has no appreciable magnetic field and therefore no protective trapped radiation belts, meaning the planet is constantly bombarded by cosmic rays.
Unlike Earth, the Sun doesn’t have a solid surface.
Unlike Earth, the Sun doesn’t have a solid surface. But it does have a superheated atmosphere, made of solar material bound to the Sun by gravity and magnetic forces.
Unlike Elon Musk's Twitter, Wikipedia pays its bills.
Unlike Franco's family, the family of Nicholas II never complains about the treatment of his bones.
Unlike GamerGate and its descendants, "cancel culture" has never led to someone being bludgeoned half to death with a hammer.
Unlike Great Britain, the Upper House in the United States is an elected body.
Unlike Italy or Spain, the French government does not ban all sports activities.
Unlike Japanese, Korean has both verbal tense and aspect.
Unlike Jews Palestinians need a permit to go to that part of Jerusalem.
Unlike Lance Armstrong cheating at cycling by doping, trans athletes don't have an inherent advantage, which is why unlike him, trans athletes have never dominated at any sport.
Unlike Little Red Riding Hood, Little Green Riding Hood spoke fluent Esperanto.
Unlike Morocco, Algeria doesn't want to be the backyard of some superpower.
Unlike Mr Verma the collectivist, Mr Gupta was a staunch individualist.
Unlike Tom, I have experience in this field.
Unlike Tom, John is a loving father.
Unlike Tom, Mary isn't annoyingly demanding.
Unlike Tom, Mary never leaves work early.
Unlike Tunisia, Algeria has a large Berber-speaking minority.
Unlike Virginia creeper, woodbine cannot climb smooth walls because its tendrils lack adhesive discs.
Unlike Ziri, Rima doesn't run away when she sees Walid.
Unlike Ziri, Rima has always been there for me.
Unlike a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group, it is not strictly possible to eradicate trans people, because they will always be born.
Unlike active sonar, passive sonar does not emit its own signal, which is an advantage for military vessels that do not want to be found or for scientific missions that concentrate on quietly “listening” to the ocean.
Unlike any other animal species, humans have the ability to recognize when our consumption habits are threatening the future of our species, and to modify our behavior accordingly.
Unlike any other planet in our solar system, Uranus spins almost perfectly on its side—like a pig on a spit roast—completing a barrel roll once every 17 hours.
Unlike any space telescope before it, Hubble made astronomy relevant, engaging and accessible for people of all ages.
Unlike birds, which feed and protect their young, fish abandon their eggs.
Unlike birds, which feed and shelter their young, fish abandon their eggs.
Unlike dogs, giraffes don't pant to cool down.
Unlike elephants, giraffes don't bathe.
Unlike her brother, Sienna is very introverted.
Unlike her mother, she is tall.
Unlike her mother, the girl did not care for murder mysteries.
Unlike her older sister, the younger sister is the quieter type.
Unlike her sister, Hanako is indifferent to her dress.
Unlike her, you are diligent.
Unlike him, his son is tall.
Unlike his father, he has a substantial income.
Unlike his father, he was always smiling.
Unlike his other writings, this book was not for scientists.
Unlike his sister, he has retained the religious faith his parents brought him up in.
Unlike how he treats Jews, Elon Musk will not allow endless debate over whether it's OK to kill him, or even mild criticism of him.
Unlike in Europe, professional sports leagues in the U.S. don't have a promotion-relegation system.
Unlike its European neighbors and much of the rest of the world, Sweden relied on its citizens' sense of civic duty.
Unlike its German equivalent, "iber-" is a separable prefix in Yiddish.
Unlike its presence at high altitude where ozone acts as Earth's sunscreen from harmful ultraviolet radiation, at low altitudes, ozone is a health hazard contributing to respiratory problems like asthma and bronchitis.
Unlike left and right, "port" and "starboard" refer to fixed locations on a vessel.
Unlike many, I do not consider linguistic diversity to be a cancer.
Unlike me, Rima is a beauty.
Unlike me, Tom has lived here his whole life.
Unlike me, Ziri and Rima have never lived under Israeli occupation.
Unlike me, you did nothing for Tom.
Unlike most Protestants, Seventh-day Adventists do not believe in the immortality of the soul and eternal hell fire.
Unlike most cities in England outside London, Nottingham has good public transport.
Unlike most mustelids, who lead a settled lifestyle, wolverines constantly wander in search of prey on their individual plots of land occupying up to 1500-2000 square kilometers.
Unlike most other rodents, beaver pairs are monogamous, staying together for multiple breeding seasons.
Unlike most owls, the snowy owl also hunts during the day.
Unlike most tourists, the Professor seemed to be in no hurry to inspect the famous Belfry, although we had passed it a score of times during our stay.
Unlike my brother, I can't swim.
Unlike my brother, I cannot swim.
Unlike older generations, Millennials haven't grown more conservative over time.
Unlike older generations, who either grew up without or came into adulthood during the rise of social media, smartphones and unfettered accessibility of information, Gen Z was born into new technology and has been defined by it more than any other.
Unlike other Scandinavian and European nations, Sweden did not mandate a lockdown.
Unlike other digital currencies, such as Bitcoin, a digital U.S. dollar would be worth exactly that: one dollar. The digital “token” held by the owner is backed and guaranteed by the Federal Reserve.
Unlike other large cities in Algeria, Algiers is a city that sleeps rather early.
Unlike paintings, daguerreotypes reflected exactly what was photographed.
Unlike profanity, transphobia affects real people.
Unlike red or white blood cells, platelets are not complete cells.
Unlike similar competitions, the biennial New York Piano Competition is designed to nurture young talent.
Unlike some of us, Tom can do that quite well.
Unlike some of us, Tom is pretty good at doing that.
Unlike some other mobs, creepers don't burn up when the sun rises.
Unlike the Egyptians or the Mesopotamians, the Indus didn’t build large temples or pyramids.
Unlike the Serengeti wildebeests, the Masai giraffes don't migrate.
Unlike the brain, the stomach alerts you when it is empty.
Unlike the definitions that we find in our dictionaries, called denotations, there are different meanings associated with a word that give us more information about it. These are called the connotations of a word. The connotation can tell us if the word is more intense or less intense, if it is positive, pleasing to the speaker, or negative, something that is unpleasant to the speaker. Sometimes these associations can even be emotional or cultural.
Unlike the family of Mussolini, the Romanovs do not remain a political dynasty that gets into Twitter fights with Jim Carrey.
Unlike the rest of Indonesia, the people of Papua province are ethnic Melanesians and their culture more closely resembles that of groups in South Pacific islands.
Unlike the rest of us, Tom can do that quite well.
Unlike traditional "stick built structures" that have a row of nails every 1/2 meter, foam houses only have fasteners every 1 ¼ meters at the top and bottom.
Unlike traditional journalism, social media does not have an obligation to the truth. Its users are its reporters, and they are accountable to no one.
Unlike waves that break along the shore, Rossby waves are huge, undulating movements of the ocean that stretch horizontally across the planet for hundreds of kilometers in a westward direction.
Unlike what we expected, the accusations were not made.
Unlike with most sports recognized by the International Olympic Committee, where competition can be "mixed" (for all, regardless of gender) or accessible only to men or only to women, in chess women can compete in an "open" division (including the World Chess Championship) but they also have an exclusively female championship.
Unlike with nurses, paying hospital administrators more does not translate into any better outcomes for patients.
Unlike you, I don't admire her.
Unlike you, I don't admire him.
Unlike you, I don't make fun of people in public.
Unlike you, I have a clear conscience.
Unlike you, I'm not afraid to be myself.
Unlike you, I'm not enthusiastic about that.
Unlike you, I've got something to lose.
Unlike you, Tom realizes his mistake.
Unlike you, Yuri is not a millionaire.
Unlike yourself, I'm used to acknowledging my mistakes.
Unlikely they will find out.
Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.
Unlock it.
Unlock the cabinet with this key.
Unlock the door!
Unlock the door, so we can talk.
Unlock the door.
Unlock the doors.
Unlock the entrance for her.
Unlock the entrance for him.
Unlock the entrance for me.
Unlock the entrance for them.
Unlock the window.
Unlock your phone.
Unlock.
Unlucky at cards, lucky in love.
Unmasked and helpless, she maintained an attitude of challenge and defiance.
Unmoderated hellholes remain extremely niche sites that most people avoid like the plague.
Unmold them after taking them out of the oven.
Unneeded gifts can be re-gifted.
Unofficial roots in Esperanto are the source of the official ones.
Unplanned urbanization is a major problem in Algeria.
Unplug all the cables.
Unplug from the retarded corpus of mankind. What bunch of moronic cunts!
Unplug the phone.
Unplug the television and turn off the light.
Unplug this device during lightning storms or when unused for long periods of time.
Unplug.
Unprecedented ways should be tried.
Unprovoked laughter is a sign of foolishness.
Unreal Engine is named after the first game to use it.
Unreason's no threat to reason: interest's the threat.
Unrecognized file extension.
Unregistered marital unions are illegal.
Unregulated fishing is an ongoing problem.
Unrequited love can easily become bitterness, anger, jealousy, and regret.
Unrequited love is the worst pain.
Unrest began in Kabylie, Algeria.
Unrest began in the Algerian region of Kabylie.
Unrest is spreading.
Unripe ackee fruit, and the rind and seeds of ripe fruit, are never safe to eat because they can contain dangerous amounts of hypoglycin A.
Unripe bananas are difficult to eat.
Unripe medlars are not edible.
Unripe medlars are yellowish brown.
Unroll the tent right here.
Unsatisfied libido is responsible for producing all art and literature.
Unsaturated fats are essential to a healthy diet.
Unscrew it.
Unscrew the lid.
Unseasonable rains and hailstorms have damaged wide swathes of crops in India, one of the world’s biggest producers of commodities such as wheat. The government has promised to enhance compensation for millions of farmers, who are staring at huge losses.
Unsheathe your sword.
Unskilled labor is poorly paid.
Unsold paperback books often have their covers torn off.
Unsolicited advice is often ignored.
Unsupported first-impression negative opinions are of small value.
Unsure of which suitor she wanted to marry, the princess vacillated, saying now one, now the other.
Unsurprisingly, Algeria's economic reforms led to poor results.
Unsurprisingly, France capitulates.
Unsurprisingly, France surrenders.
Unsurprisingly, John hardly talked to Jessica at the party.
Unsurprisingly, ducks are buoyant.
Unsurprisingly, he had a lot to say on the matter.
Unsurprisingly, millennials (born 1981 to 1996) spend the most time on their phones with an average of about 3.7 hours per day.
Unsustainable fishing on coral reef areas can lead to the depletion of key reef species in many locations.
Untangle the wires and straighten them out.
Unthinkable!
Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth.
Untidiness was his bugbear.
Untie Tom.
Untie me now.
Untie me.
Untie the dog.
Until 1918, Munich was the residence of the King of Bavaria.
Until 1922 the language of Turkey was known as "Osmanlıca" or Ottoman Turkish.
Until 1962, Algeria was a French mandate.
Until 1986, in the schools of England, it was legal to punish children with belts, sticks, and clubs.
Until 1989 people considered the division of Germany as a given.
Until 1991, investigation into the death of the Dyatlov group was in the Sverdlovsk underground.
Until I entered the university, I had no experience of reading even a single book except comic books.
Until I moved here, I'd never seen snow before.
Until July, every odd month has thirty-one days. As of August, every even-numbered month has thirty-one days.
Until Manet painted this picture, his female nudes were limited to goddesses.
Until Mariner 10, astronomers were not sure what Mercury really looked like because it is so close to the Sun.
Until Mary gets back to work, we'll have to make do with Ken.
Until Mary gets back to work, we’ll have to make do with Ken.
Until Monday or Tuesday of next week.
Until Thursday!
Until Tom comes, I can't go.
Until a few years ago, I thought the English word "till" was a colloquial shortening of "until."
Until a little while ago, my schedule for next semester was looking really bad. But today I heard that there will also be nighttime chemistry classes, and I also learned that another physics class will be online. Looks like it'll be OK now, since there's no risk of having to go to two classes at the same time.
Until an hour ago, I thought Tom was dead.
Until around sixty years ago, getting married meant you could no longer work, not only in Japan but in many other countries too. Of course, this only applied to women.
Until children go back to school, many parents cannot return to work.
Until doping, silicon is useless for creating integrated circuits.
Until he comes back, I will wait here.
Until he comes, I can't go.
Until he comes, I cannot go away.
Until he comes, I can’t go.
Until he died, I felt like I had all the time in the world to get back in touch with Tom.
Until he lets down his guard.
Until he sees some sort of reckoning, the celebrity will just keep doing the awful things that he's doing.
Until it was taken down, AlphaBay was the largest of an estimated 30 to 50 illegal marketplaces that operated on the dark Web, generating twice as much revenue as Silk Road, said Nicolas Christin, a computer science professor and dark Web expert at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.
Until its destruction during the Thirty Year War, Magdeburg was one of Germany's most splendid cities.
Until last night, I had never sung in French.
Until my coffin closes I will be your faithful spouse.
Until next Wednesday!
Until next time.
Until next week!
Until next week.
Until next weekend, if that's OK.
Until next weekend, if that’s OK.
Until next year!
Until now I've never used an axe.
Until now it's going well.
Until now no one had made it to the top of the mountain.
Until now sugar had been detected in my urine once, however this time there is only albumin.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a place of international renown.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a rough, industrial city.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a showcase for arts and culture.
Until now the city of Bilbao has been characterized as a wealthy manufacturing centre.
Until now we did not wake up.
Until now, I've always traveled by train.
Until now, I've never been spoken to by a foreigner.
Until now, I’ve never been spoken to by a foreigner.
Until now, he had thought himself the only one of his kind upon the earth.
Until now, little research had been done into how eutrophication might affect waterborne parasites, which cause health problems ranging from skin rashes to river blindness.
Until now, lupus sufferers have treated their varied symptoms—from mental disorders to skin rashes and painful joints—with a combination of drugs, including painkillers, steroids and anti-malarial medicines.
Until now, no one has ever seen a Martian.
Until now, no one knew how elephants produced the low sounds they use to communicate with each other over long distances.
Until now, only two countries, the US and Guatemala, shifted their embassies from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Until now, opinions differed over the question of whether birds could sleep while aloft.
Until now, scientists couldn’t distinguish the silent bacteria from the active ones to know whether dormant mycobacterium were being killed by different compounds. Abramovitch and colleagues developed a strain of the pathogen that glows bright green. They found it stopped glowing after artemisinin came into contact with the mycobacteria’s oxygen biosensor, presumably dying.
Until now, that thought had never occurred to me.
Until now, the oldest seed ever germinated was that of a 1,300-year-old lotus plant.
Until now, the risk of getting infected seemed someone else's problem, but I'm scared of it now.
Until now, the taxes have not decreased.
Until now, they've been good neighbours.
Until one of you fesses up, you're all grounded.
Until quite recently, most of the things we needed were made by hand.
Until quite recently, people in developed countries didn't care much about the environment.
Until quite recently, people in developed countries didn’t care much about the environment.
Until recently I have been an early riser for the last six years.
Until recently the Greens were seen as insignificant, impractical fringe players, but as climate change and environmentalism are increasingly taking center stage in Europe, with voters placing climate action high on their list of political priorities, that’s starting to change.
Until recently we took oil for granted.
Until recently, Christians arrogantly claimed that the people they stole their religion from were "apostates" from Christianity. Some still believe this.
Until recently, Romans seemed confident that the city would escape major contagion.
Until recently, Yanni's life was what he considered wonderful.
Until recently, he would have cold baths even in winter.
Until recently, the last time anyone in Harpers Ferry heard the call of a peregrine falcon, was fifty years ago. This crow-sized raptor, whose natural range is the rugged coastal areas in North America, was nearly decimated by the pesticide DDT. Since the toxin was banned in 1972, the peregrine has made a slow but dramatic recovery.
Until recently, the main function of women was to marry and give birth to children.
Until recently, there was a store that sold gallon jugs of human saliva, but the health department shut them down.
Until several decades ago, the physical sciences were considered to have had their origins in the 17th century—mechanics beginning with men like Galileo Galilei and magnetism with men like the Elizabethan physician and scientist William Gilbert. Historians of science, however, have traced many of the 17th century's concepts of mechanics back into the Middle Ages. Here, Gilbert's explanation of the loadstone and its powers is compared with explanations to be found in the Middle Ages and earlier. From this comparison it appears that Gilbert can best be understood by considering him not so much a herald of the new science as a modifier of the old.
Until several years ago, I thought about nothing but work all day and night.
Until such difficulties are ironed out completely, there is always a chance of fighting breaking out at the slightest provocation.
Until that day we had spoken only through intermediaries.
Until that day, I had never eaten dog meat.
Until the 1970s, Australia had a white-only immigration policy.
Until the age of 21, children love their parents; at 25 they judge them, afterwards they forgive them.
Until the annulment, they were still married.
Until the bug is resolved, I advise you to downgrade your video card drivers.
Until the day I become unwell, me lying down during the day is in your dreams.
Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.
Until the end of the week the temperature is expected to rise.
Until the end of the week.
Until the morning, the camp of the enemy army was surrounded.
Until the teacher appeared, the children were running amok in the classroom.
Until the twentieth century, most paintings were representational. This means that artists “represented” their subjects in a way that was realistic and recognizable.
Until then, Tom had never seen Mary in jeans.
Until then, electricity and magnetism had been thought of as unrelated phenomena.
Until then, everything had seemed clear.
Until then, the Kenyan team aims to be the fastest on the continent. In mid-November they compete against top teams from South Africa, Rwanda and Ethiopia in the Tour of Rwanda, Africa’s biggest race.
Until then, we are postponing the execution.
Until then.
Until there is justification or evidence, we do not know if it is true what he says.
Until they came back, she had been busy.
Until they figure out whether eggs are good or bad, I'm staying vegan. But I'll also stay vegan after that.
Until today, I was treated like an idiot.
Until today, we could do anything we wanted to do.
Until tomorrow.
Until we get the new oven, we're making do with an electric hotplate.
Until we know the building blocks of human intelligence, we cannot create artificial intelligence.
Until we know the constituent elements of human intelligence, we cannot create artificial intelligence.
Until we meet again, Bob and Nora.
Until we meet again, good courage.
Until we meet again.
Until what age do you want to live to?
Until what time are you open?
Until what time can I call you on the phone?
Until what time does your pharmacy stay open?
Until what time is the shopping center open?
Until what time is this store open? I don't know. I'll look it up.
Until when are you planning to live here?
Until when are you staying?
Until when are you working?
Until when does Tom plan to sleep, I wonder?
Until when shall you tell us off?
Until when will it last?
Until when will you be home?
Until when will you be in Japan?
Until when will you be in South Korea?
Until when will you stay in Japan?
Until when?
Until yesterday, I had known nothing about it.
Until yesterday, I had never heard Tom play the cello.
Until yesterday, I had never heard Tom speak French.
Until yesterday, I had never seen Tom dance.
Until yesterday, I'd never sung a song in French.
Until you admit that you were wrong, I'm not going to talk to you.
Until you admit that you were wrong, I’m not going to talk to you.
Until you ask him, Tom won't do that.
Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.
Until you told me, I had no idea.
Until you're eighteen, we're responsible for you.
Until you've had sunrises and sunsets on the water, or been caught in a bad storm, or pulled a bag of fish aboard the boat and gone out expecting to have a terrible day and had a wonderful one (or vice versa), you just can't appreciate just how fundamental it is to be able to go out and say 'I know or I believe I am good enough to be able to earn for myself and my family.'
Untreated sewage would pollute the rivers.
Ununbium is the chemical element with symbol Uub and atomic number 112.
Unused gondolas line the banks of its empty canals.
Unusually low temperatures account for the poor rice crop this year.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest.
Unwed couples deserve visitation rights just as much as married ones do.
Unwittingly he told her all that she wanted to know.
Unwittingly, he told her exactly what she wanted to know.
Unwrap it carefully.
Unwrap it.
Unwritten rules present a barrier to neurodivergent people.
Unzip the outfit carefully if the baby is squirming.
Up against the wall!
Up ahead is the nexus between our two universes.
Up and at 'em, chonky girl!
Up and up rose the balloon, until it was seen no more.
Up close, it is made up of individual sounds and instruments, but when you step back and listen to the composition, all these elements artfully come together.
Up close, you can see she's not so young anymore.
Up flew the bright sparks in myriads as the logs were stirred, and the deep red blaze sent forth a rich glow, that penetrated into the furthest corner of the room, and cast its cheerful tint on every face.
Up here you don't see a single human being. The loneliness is terrible.
Up here, I have to rant and rave and keep you people going, or else you’re going to fall asleep on me, right?
Up in the mountains, Ziri didn't have anything.
Up jumped the three big dogs.
Up on a hilltop overlooking vast green countryside and countless rolling hills, 28-year-old Suleyman Aronge sways from side to side beating a traditional Burundian drum. He and about 20 others are wearing tunics colored red, green and white — the colors of Burundi's flag.
Up or down?
Up periscope!
Up rose my sire, submissive to the sign, / and briefly to the Gods addressed his prayer, / and bowed adoring to the star divine.
Up the four walls grew a red rose, a yellow rose, a woodbine, and a clematis; and they all met together at the top, and fought and scratched for the possession of the top of the chimney, from which there was the finest view; so foolish are these vegetables.
Up the street.
Up till now America has called itself the world's police and continued suppression relying on military force.
Up till now America has called itself the world’s police and continued suppression relying on military force.
Up till now the United States has called itself the world's police and continues suppression relying on military force.
Up to 10,000 tourists are believed to be stranded in Nepal after the government ordered the suspension of all road and air travel.
Up to 10,000 tourists were stranded in Nepal as result of shutdown.
Up to 15 minutes.
Up to 20% of the world's seafood is caught illegally.
Up to 60% of Imogen of the Internet's nonverbal social cues are snarky hashtags.
Up to 60% of Imogen of the Internet’s nonverbal social cues are snarky hashtags.
Up to 75 percent of the mass of the atmosphere is in the troposphere.
Up to 85 percent of the jobs that today's college students will have in 11 years haven't been invented yet.
Up to how much?
Up to last week, I hadn't received a reply.
Up to last week, I hadn’t received a reply.
Up to last week, Tom had never been on a plane.
Up to my ears in debt.
Up to now I've never been abroad.
Up to now I've spoken a lot about words, but said nothing of literature.
Up to now I’ve never been abroad.
Up to now Stephen’s inclination towards Leonard had been vague, nebulous; but now that theory showed a way to its utilisation it forthwith began to become, first definite, then concrete, then substantial.
Up to now he had made nine humanoid robots but they were all demonstration models.
Up to now they have worked very hard.
Up to now we've been taking a casual relaxed attitude toward our relationship but I want to start looking at us more critically.
Up to now we’ve been taking a casual relaxed attitude toward our relationship but I want to start looking at us more critically.
Up to now, I have never met him.
Up to now, I've met him only once.
Up to now, I've never been successful with languages with more than four cases.
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?
Up to now, only five guests have arrived.
Up to now, only two people have reached the summit of that mountain.
Up to now, we've always had luck with youth hostels.
Up to now, we've never had this problem.
Up to now, your conduct has always been commendable.
Up to seven people can go in my minivan.
Up to that point, every attempt had resulted in a fiasco.
Up to that time he had been staying with his uncle.
Up to that time, we were watching TV.
Up to the present we have enjoyed our trip very much.
Up to then there had been no official announcement or confirmation.
Up to this point I have presented an overview of the growth of political unrest in the period.
Up to what age did you believe in Father Christmas?
Up to what age do you want to live to?
Up to what volume of Naruto comics do you own?
Up to you whether or not you believe me.
Up to thirty people will be allowed to do that.
Up until 1960, Congress continuously ordered changes in the design of the flag. Stars and stripes were added whenever a new state joined the union.
Up until now everything was predictable.
Up until now, languages with more than four cases have only caused me frustration.
Up until now, they've been good neighbors.
Up until now, they’ve been good neighbors.
Up until the 1970s, these first Americans had a name: the Clovis peoples. They get their name from an ancient settlement discovered near Clovis, New Mexico, dated to over 11,000 years ago.
Up until the time Tom arrived, everybody was having fun.
Up until the time Tom arrived, everyone was having fun.
Up until three days ago, I'd never even heard of Tom Jackson.
Up with your hands.
Up your game.
Up yours!
Up yours. You're a total loser.
Up!
Upbringing is what remains when one has forgotten everything one has learned.
Update me if anything happens.
Update my software.
Update the app.
Update your software.
Update your system.
Updates are ready to install.
Upholstery fabric is thicker and better suited for regular wear.
Upkeep on castles costs a lot.
Uploading is the opposite of downloading.
Upon a pear tree grows a pear.
Upon arrival, the firefighters discovered the house in flames.
Upon arriving at the airport, I called her.
Upon arriving at the airport, he made a phone call to his wife.
Upon arriving at the airport, he made a phonecall to his wife.
Upon arriving at the airport, he said, "I'm glad I could come back."
Upon arriving at the airport, he said, "I’m glad I could come back."
Upon arriving at the beach, we saw a snake.
Upon arriving home, he immediately set about preparing a meal.
Upon arriving, take the spiral staircase.
Upon coming home, I found my sisters cooking.
Upon entering a flower, an insect such as a honey bee, brushes against the pollen on the outside of the anther and carries it to the stigma.
Upon entering the building, John realized he had left his Bible on the moon.
Upon entering the hotel, Janos immediately recognized me.
Upon entering the restaurant, there were few customers, and the food was served immediately.
Upon entering the room, he noticed that a candle burned on the desk. He remembered that the candle had not been there before.
Upon entering the room, she fell down.
Upon entering, she realized her mistake.
Upon every altar throughout the land fragrant oil was burnt in costly silver lamps.
Upon explaining plosives to his class, the linguistics teacher instantly became covered in spit.
Upon finding out about the others' success, she turned green with envy.
Upon finding out about the others’ success, she turned green with envy.
Upon finding the news true, she couldn't help but cry for joy.
Upon finding the news true, she couldn’t help but cry for joy.
Upon further consideration, we are looking for more qualified applicants.
Upon getting home, I went straight to bed.
Upon hearing it all, he cried.
Upon hearing that news, Tom suffered a fatal heart attack.
Upon hearing that, Ziri burst into tears.
Upon hearing the news, she broke down crying.
Upon hearing the news, she burst out crying.
Upon hearing the remark, she snorted with laughter.
Upon hearing this news, I was left frozen, not knowing what to do.
Upon his return he found her weaving a chaplet of violets.
Upon inquiring, I learned that she was out.
Upon learning that Bill had contacted anthrax, the doctor immediately administered him Levofloxacin.
Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty.
Upon my word I will do it.
Upon our meeting today, he asked about my wife's health.
Upon our meeting today, she asked about my wife's health.
Upon purchase of this subscription plan, you will be provided with a set-top box at no extra cost.
Upon reaching level 20, Mary improved her Strength stat and learnt two new spells.
Upon reaching the forest, Janos sprinted ahead like an animal.
Upon receiving your Certificate of Eligibility, please come to the Japanese Embassy in London.
Upon receiving your Certificate of Eligiblity, please come to the Japanese Embassy in London.
Upon receiving your letter, I sat down to answer it.
Upon returning home, he found a letter in the mailbox.
Upon returning to the bungalow, Alberto showered and got ready for dinner.
Upon review it looks like I was overcharged for this.
Upon review of the facts, we have concluded that you were correct.
Upon seeing her, he turned red.
Upon seeing how ridiculous he looked, everyone could not help but laughing.
Upon seeing that, he stood up.
Upon seeing the enormous spider, Anna panicked and called for help.
Upon seeing the snake under my feet, José whispered, "Don't move."
Upon seeing what was happening, we decided to leave.
Upon the day appointed for their execution she cut off her hair and dressed herself as if going to a fete.
Upon whom are these decisions incumbent?
Uppsala is a small town in Sweden.
Uprose the image of my father dear, / as there I see the monarch, bathed in blood, / like him in prowess and in age his peer. / Uprose Creusa, desolate and drear, / Iulus' peril, and a plundered home.
Ups and downs must be expected; but even in the face of catastrophic loss and sorrow, I like to think that at bottom I can't not be all right: I read the lines as they were written.
Upstairs are the bedrooms and guest rooms.
Upstairs is open until one.
Upstairs the Swede was closing his bag. His back was half-turned toward the door, and hearing a noise there, he turned and jumped up, uttering a loud cry. Scully’s face was frightening in the light of the small lamp he carried. This yellow shine, streaming upward, left his eyes in deep shadows. He looked like a murderer.
Upstairs there were four made beds, but on three nobody ever slept.
Upsy-daisy! Up you go.
Uranium and plutonium are radioactive.
Uranium has to be enriched before it can be used in nuclear weapons.
Uranium is used in the production of nuclear power.
Uranus and Neptune are similar.
Uranus and Neptune are very similar in composition.
Uranus has 27 known moons.
Uranus has 27 known natural satellites.
Uranus has 27 named moons. Some of these moons are less than 100 kilometers wide and black as coal.
Uranus has eleven known rings, which contain dark, boulder-sized particles.
Uranus hasn't been adequately probed.
Uranus is a gas giant, too.
Uranus is a large, plain, blue-green planet which can only be seen from the Earth with the unaided eye on a clear, dark night.
Uranus is a meme.
Uranus is a planet.
Uranus is a strange planet.
Uranus is an ice giant.
Uranus is big.
Uranus is considered by poets to be the oldest of the gods.
Uranus is covered in blue clouds made of methane.
Uranus is full of methane.
Uranus is gigantic.
Uranus is huge.
Uranus is large.
Uranus is one of the smaller gas giants in our solar system, but it is still large enough to hold 64 planets the size of Earth.
Uranus is similar to Neptune.
Uranus is so big that 63 Earths could fit inside it.
Uranus is so far from the Sun that it receives only 0.3% of the sunlight that the Earth does.
Uranus is sometimes visible to the naked eye, but is very dim.
Uranus is the butt of a lot of jokes in English.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the Sun.
Uranus is the seventh planet from the sun.
Uranus is the size of a planet.
Uranus is ugly.
Uranus is unique in our solar system because it is tilted 98 degrees. When viewed from Earth, it appears to rotate on its side!
Uranus is unremarkable.
Uranus isn't a planet.
Uranus isn't very pretty.
Uranus looks amazing in infrared!
Uranus looks weird.
Uranus rotates on its side.
Uranus should be visible later.
Uranus spins sideways.
Uranus tilts over so far on its axis that it rotates on its side. Because of this, its poles are sometimes pointed almost directly at the Sun.
Uranus tilts over so far on its axis that it rotates on its side. Because of this, its poles are sometimes pointed almost directly at the Sun. Uranus' atmosphere is made up of hydrogen, helium, and methane. The temperature in the upper atmosphere is very cold. The cold methane gas is what gives Uranus its blue-green color. The rapid rotation of Uranus causes winds up to 600 kilometers per hour to blow in its atmosphere. Uranus has eleven known rings which contain dark, boulder-sized particles. Uranus has 27 named moons. Some of these moons are less than 100 kilometers wide and black as coal.
Uranus' atmosphere is made up of hydrogen, helium, and methane.
Uranus' magnetic field axis points 60 degrees away from its spin axis.
Uranus, meaning 'sky', is the king who first ruled the whole world.
Uranus, meaning ’sky’, is the king who first ruled the whole world.
Uranus’ magnetic field and rotation axis are out of alignment by 59 degrees, unlike Earth’s, whose magnetic field and rotation axis are nearly aligned.
Urbain Jean Joseph Le Verrier was born in 1811 at Saint-Lô, France.
Urban air makes you free.
Urban beekeeping is fashionable.
Urban beekeeping is trendy.
Urban culture appears to be attractive to the younger generation.
Urban farming still has a long way to go to produce the environmental and health benefits claimed by supporters.
Urban foresting was a shared hobby of theirs.
Urban gardener Jo Bartikoski picks dill from her garden patch at the Dundee community garden in Omaha, Nebraska.
Urban renewal is another way of saying gentrification.
Urban sprawl and chaos create many planning problems.
Urban sprawl is environmentally damaging.
Urban sprawl is said to be a major contributor to global warming.
Urbanization is encroaching on rural life.
Urdu and Hindi are the same language.
Urdu and Punjabi are her native languages, but she speaks several others very well, including Tamil, Pashto, and Cantonese.
Urdu is her mother tongue.
Urdu is his mother tongue.
Urdu is my mother tongue.
Urdu is our mother tongue.
Urethritis is inflammation of the urethra.
Urgency is the insistent immediate future, the future in the process of making itself the present.
Urgent action is needed.
Urgent business discouraged him from going on a picnic.
Urgent business has called him away.
Urgent business kept him from coming.
Urgent business kept him from going to the concert.
Urgent business kept me from coming soon.
Urgent business kept me from coming sooner.
Urgent business kept me from going shopping with you.
Urgent business prevented him from coming.
Urgent business prevented him from going.
Urgent veterinary intervention is required in this case.
Urgh... annoying!
Uri Avnery founded the Gush Shalom movement in 1993.
Uri Avnery visited Yassir Arafat for the first time in 1982.
Urinals are generally white.
Urinating in public areas is forbidden.
Urine diluted in water 1:10 is an excellent fertilizer.
Ursa Major is a constellation in the northern sky.
Ursa Major looks like a dipper.
Ursa Major looks like a plough.
Ursa Minor is a constellation in the northern hemisphere.
Ursula Le Guin's Earthsea franchise is very stimulating. As a Filipino, I am from an archipelagic country, and I can relate to the islander culture and supposedly brown people of magical Earthsea. Publishers market this franchise as sci-fi, but it seems also fantasy—maybe "science fantasy" as some call it.
Ursula and Chelsea are battling over the boy they both have a crush on. Judging from the blood and teeth everywhere, this seems to be more of a matter of power than love.
Ursula von der Leyen and European Parliament developed a peace plan between Russia and Ukraine.
Ursula von der Leyen earns 30,000 euros per month.
Ursula von der Leyen is blackmailing Italian voters.
Ursula von der Leyen is the peak of corruption.
Ursula's outburst was rather unbusinesslike.
Ursula’s outburst was rather unbusinesslike.
Ursule asked for a pay raise of 5 dollars and 65 cents an hour yesterday.
Uruguay goalkeeper Fernando Muslera stopped a swerving shot by Bastian Schweinsteiger, but Mueller was there to collect the rebound and knock the ball home.
Uruguay was champion of the first edition of the World Cup.
Uruguay's political and labor conditions are among the freest on the continent.
Urumqi is even colder than Kashgar.
Us people are very good at twisting the facts to match our conclusions as soon as we come to them.
Us procrastinators will take over the world…tomorrow. Or maybe next Friday.
Usability testing should include feedback from users with disabilities.
Usage 1. think yourself as the owner of the company mentioned. 2. determine the message about the company is positive, negative or ineffective (neutral) and mark. 3. if you are not sure or the status is uncertain mark neutral.
Usain Bolt is still the fastest man in the world.
Usain Bolt is still the world's fastest man.
Usain Bolt is the fastest man in the world.
Use Berber whenever you can.
Use Berber.
Use Facebook.
Use GNU/Linux.
Use Google.
Use Instagram.
Use Skype.
Use Tatoeba.
Use Twitter.
Use Wikipedia.
Use Yahoo.
Use YouTube.
Use a bookmark.
Use a breath mint.
Use a brief expression of condolence, such as: "On this sad occasion we grieve with you".
Use a broom or a vacuum to keep the kitchen floor free of debris.
Use a calculator.
Use a clean cloth or sponge to scrub away any food residue.
Use a coaster to prevent water rings on the table.
Use a coaster to protect the table from heat.
Use a coaster to protect the table.
Use a comb to comb your pet.
Use a cutting board to avoid scratches on the countertop.
Use a designated space or drawer to store utensils in an organized manner.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
Use a face mask if you have cough.
Use a fertilizer once a year after blooming.
Use a flashlight to see where you're going.
Use a foam roller for muscle recovery and relaxation.
Use a forward slash in the URL, not a backward slash.
Use a gentle cleanser suitable for your stove's surface.
Use a gentle detergent to wash the apron to maintain its quality.
Use a gentle detergent when washing kitchen towels to maintain their quality.
Use a gentle scrubber or sponge to clean utensils, avoiding abrasive materials.
Use a glue stick.
Use a grenade to blow open the two vault doors.
Use a large script!
Use a marker on the case label, not the disc.
Use a microwave-safe lid or plate.
Use a mild abrasive cleaner to remove stains from the sink.
Use a password to protect your laptop from unauthorized access.
Use a pencil to write the first draft.
Use a plastic scraper or credit card to gently lift away sticky spots on hard surfaces.
Use a proper language.
Use a rake and rake up the leaves in the yard.
Use a regular towel.
Use a safety razor to scrape the resin on the windshield.
Use a scalpel, not a hatchet.
Use a separate cutting board for meat to prevent cross-contamination.
Use a separate sponge or cloth for cleaning the cutting boards.
Use a sharp knife to slice tomatoes.
Use a sink strainer to catch debris and prevent blockages.
Use a spanner to tighten the nuts.
Use a spellchecker.
Use a sponge or dishcloth to scrub the dishes thoroughly.
Use a spotter for heavy lifting exercises.
Use a sprayer.
Use a stability ball for core exercises.
Use a step stool if necessary to reach high shelves safely.
Use a step stool if necessary to reach higher shelves safely.
Use a sterilized needle to remove a splinter.
Use a stopwatch or timer for interval training.
Use a stovetop cleaner or a mixture of baking soda and water for stubborn stains.
Use a strainer to drain the pasta.
Use a timer to avoid burning your food.
Use a trash can with a secure lid to keep pets from rummaging through the garbage.
Use a vinegar and baking soda mixture to freshen up the sink's drain.
Use a waffle weave towel.
Use a wok.
Use accredited materials only.
Use acrylic for crafts.
Use acrylic paint.
Use adverbs.
Use all four fingers when jabbing someone in the eyes.
Use all your strength.
Use an adapter for safety.
Use an adaptive approach.
Use an alcohol-based sanitizer.
Use an oven-safe cleaner or a mixture of baking soda and water for tough stains.
Use antivirus software to protect your computer from viruses.
Use any name you like.
Use anything you have at hand.
Use backup token.
Use both hands.
Use both your hands otherwise you won't be able to do that fast enough.
Use both your hands.
Use bullet points.
Use butter moderately.
Use by 20 November.
Use cannabis daily.
Use carbon paper to trace your pattern onto the cloth.
Use cash.
Use caution.
Use clear containers or labels to keep items on the shelves clearly identified.
Use clear containers to store items like spices and grains for easy identification.
Use clear containers to store leftovers for easy identification in the refrigerator.
Use clear containers to store leftovers for easy identification.
Use coasters for drinks to prevent water rings.
Use deadly force if necessary.
Use dental floss after each meal.
Use deodorant.
Use doormats at entryways to minimize dirt being brought inside.
Use empty liquor boxes to box up your books. They won't be too heavy that way.
Use environmentally safe cleansers and garden products.
Use equal parts butter and oil.
Use exclamation marks sparingly.
Use gloves so you don't leave fingerprints.
Use hand sanitizer.
Use hot, soapy water and a scrub brush to clean the cutting board thoroughly.
Use hyperlinks to cross reference.
Use insect repellent to avoid bug bites.
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
Use it as a body cream when you get out of the shower.
Use it as you like.
Use it carefully.
Use it or lose it!
Use it or lose it.
Use it wisely.
Use it with caution.
Use just a simple detergent to wash your towels.
Use kitchen scissors to remove the skin from the chicken.
Use large font!
Use lemon juice instead of vinegar.
Use lemon to disinfect.
Use less detergent to wash your towels.
Use light bulbs that don't contain mercury.
Use logic.
Use macros to plan your daily nutritional needs.
Use makes mastery.
Use mild soap, avoiding harsh chemicals.
Use mouthwash.
Use my key.
Use my phone.
Use my place.
Use new technologies when applicable.
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
Use of deadly force has been authorized.
Use of public transport has increased by fifty per cent.
Use of such divisive language tends to polarize the public.
Use old tech.
Use one towel per person.
Use online resources and educational websites to enhance your understanding.
Use only as directed.
Use only as originally intended.
Use only in case of emergency.
Use oven mitts when cleaning or reaching into the hot oven.
Use pictures!
Use positive thinking, and stop doubting your own intelligence.
Use private messages to discuss things unrelated to the sentence.
Use proper equipment for safety.
Use protection.
Use protective equipment.
Use punctuation.
Use resistance bands for added challenge.
Use resistance bands for effective home workouts.
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
Use sharp shears for clean cuts.
Use shelf liners to protect and maintain the cleanliness of the shelves.
Use simple language in a gentle, neutral and clear tone.
Use simple sentences.
Use small words, please.
Use storage boxes to keep small items organized.
Use sunscreen to protect your skin from the sun.
Use that strategy.
Use that time to learn something new and valuable.
Use that!
Use the Berber language.
Use the Force, Saeb!
Use the HDMI adapter.
Use the International Language (Esperanto).
Use the Internet to learn Berber.
Use the Russian dictionary.
Use the apparatus only with the cart, tripod, bracket or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the apparatus.
Use the blue one.
Use the chance to thank her.
Use the correct size of pots and pans on the stove.
Use the correct utensils for each dish.
Use the crosswalk when crossing the street.
Use the debugger to step through the code line by line until you find out which one is producing unexpected results.
Use the device until it warns you to charge the battery and then charge it for 5 hours to reach the maximum capacity.
Use the dustbin.
Use the exclamation mark sparingly.
Use the exclamation point sparingly.
Use the fork.
Use the front door.
Use the fruit picker to reach high apples on the tree.
Use the hang to hang the coat.
Use the highest heat settings only when you're ironing fabrics made of natural fibers like cotton or linen.
Use the juice in the frying pan to make the sauce.
Use the language you know, and translate what you wish.
Use the manual override.
Use the map to start a fire.
Use the napkin.
Use the opportunity to thank her.
Use the opportunity!
Use the other toilet.
Use the paintbrush to add more details to the artwork.
Use the planks of the raft to increase the fire.
Use the power of the subconscious.
Use the proper cleaning supplies for different surfaces.
Use the railing.
Use the small one.
Use the stairs instead of the elevator for short distances.
Use the sticky tape to put the poster up.
Use the techniques you learnt.
Use the telephone.
Use the toilet, not the floor.
Use the tools found at your left.
Use the trash bin.
Use the treadmill with a speed that suits you!
Use the video to declare your love!
Use the vocabulary you already know.
Use the words that you already know.
Use them all.
Use them whenever you want.
Use them wherever you want.
Use them wisely.
Use them.
Use these light bulbs and save electricity.
Use these techniques.
Use these wires.
Use this against Ziri.
Use this as a model.
Use this browser from here on. It will protect you from phishing attempts.
Use this bucket to bail out the boat.
Use this comment as a dislike button.
Use this form for entering backup tokens for logging in.
Use this function to calculate square roots.
Use this hand towel to dry your hands.
Use this if you're in danger.
Use this key as a last resort.
Use this one.
Use this pen to fill out the form.
Use this to fan yourself.
Use this tool.
Use this towel to dry your hair.
Use this wrench to tighten that bolt.
Use this!
Use this.
Use those tools.
Use toilet paper to clean yourself.
Use toilet paper, not your hand.
Use what is at hand and do not look for another.
Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are.
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
Use whatever means necessary to stop Tom from doing that.
Use whatever you wish.
Use words that precisely describe something.
Use your Berber.
Use your French whenever you have a chance to.
Use your Yubikey device.
Use your active listening skills to understand others.
Use your assertiveness to express your needs effectively.
Use your best judgment.
Use your blinker when changing lanes.
Use your blinker when making a turn.
Use your brain and you're bound to find the solution.
Use your brain!
Use your brain.
Use your charm.
Use your common sense in that kind of a situation.
Use your common sense.
Use your creativity to decorate your living space.
Use your creativity to solve problems.
Use your critical thinking skills to analyze situations.
Use your empathy to understand others' perspectives.
Use your feet.
Use your female intuition and read his mind.
Use your feminine intuition and read his mind!
Use your fist.
Use your gun.
Use your hands to cover your mouth when you cough.
Use your head for a change.
Use your head to save your heels.
Use your head!
Use your head.
Use your imagination to visualize success.
Use your imagination.
Use your instinct!
Use your instinct.
Use your instincts.
Use your intellect.
Use your intuition to make informed decisions.
Use your key.
Use your loaf!
Use your manners and say "please" and "thank you."
Use your method!
Use your negotiation skills to reach a compromise.
Use your noggin.
Use your other hand, too.
Use your own judgment.
Use your own money.
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson.
Use your phone in designated areas only.
Use your phone.
Use your power.
Use your problem-solving skills to find solutions.
Use your problem-solving skills to overcome challenges.
Use your problem-solving skills to overcome obstacles.
Use your resourcefulness to find creative solutions.
Use your scarf.
Use your seatbelt when driving or riding in a car.
Use your self-confidence, but never show it off!
Use your self-discipline to stay focused on your goals.
Use your sense of humor to lighten the mood.
Use your smartphone responsibly and mindfully.
Use your squad to flank their position here.
Use your strength.
Use your strengths to contribute to a team project.
Use your teeth.
Use your time efficiently to accomplish more.
Use your time wisely and avoid procrastination.
Use your time wisely.
Use your turn signal when changing lanes.
Use your turn signals while driving.
Use your voice to make noise and reduce your speed when your field of view is limited to avoid surprising wildlife, particularly bears; topography, vegetation, and many blind corners will limit your ability to see nearby wildlife.
Use your weapons.
Used car salesmen are a disreputable bunch.
Used cars are cheaper and often as good as new cars.
Used napkins can be a breeding ground for bacteria, so handle them with care.
Used napkins should not be used to clean up spills; they belong in the trash.
Used paper napkins can often be composted, so check your local guidelines.
Usefulness must be combined with pleasantness.
Usefulness, whatever form it may take, is the price we should pay for the air we breathe and the food we eat and the privilege of being alive.
Useless sentences don't get translated because no one understands them, or simply because everyone finds them stupid, so they don't want to waste their time on stupid useless things and useless stupidities.
User-friendly software is important for my needs.
Users begin to feel hemmed in by the closed platforms.
Users can delete sentences their own sentences, but only if they have no translations.
Users can delete their own sentences, but only if they have not already been translated.
Users feel hemmed in by the closed platforms.
Users of Tatoeba shouldn't feel alone and desperate.
Users often forget their passwords.
Users on the website constantly belittle and insult Antonio, making him the target of relentless bullying.
Users park at their own risk. No responsibility will be accepted for any loss, damage or theft.
Users record as little as one or two seconds of a mosquito sound with the Abuzz app on their cellphone. The app compares this recording against a database and decides which species of mosquito it is most likely to be.
Users validate the accuracy of donated clips, checking that the speaker read the sentence correctly.
Using Coordinated Universal Time to talk about time zones makes things more clear.
Using English to communicate between Japanese and Chinese is not only ridiculous and ineffective but can prove very hazardous.
Using English with him, I feel that we are both at different levels, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Using Esperanto for international communication is the solution for preserving linguistic diversity.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a lingual point of view.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Using Esperanto with him, I sense that we both are at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Using Excel is not easy.
Using French to speak of philosophy will make me go crazy.
Using Linux in your target language is a great way to learn new vocabulary and gain practical experience.
Using NASA's Chandra X-ray telescope, which is able see through the shroud of dust and gas near black holes, astronomers have developed two theories.
Using Sami's own blood, Layla wrote the word dog on the wall.
Using Tatoeba you can learn languages.
Using Tatoeba, one learns foreign languages.
Using Tatoeba, you learn languages.
Using a VPN — Virtual Private Network — with your smartphone adds one more layer of security to protect your privacy online.
Using a camera appeases the anxiety which the work driven feel about not working when they are on vacation and supposed to be having fun. They have something to do that is like a friendly imitation of work: they can take pictures.
Using a compass, he drew a circle.
Using a compass, he outlined a circle.
Using a computer can save you time.
Using a computer can save your time.
Using a condom is preventive medicine.
Using a doubled-up cushion in place of a pillow I lie down on the hard wooden floor with nothing but a carpet spread over it.
Using a dryer or dehumidifier makes the process of drying clothes indoors more efficient.
Using a flashlight, the policeman signaled the car to stop.
Using a flock of Northern Bald Ibises, Portugal and his team attached small devices to the back of each bird — a GPS navigation device and an accelerometer, to track wing movements.
Using a funnel to pour gasoline or oil will be more effective.
Using a knowledge of complex analysis to calculate real quantities in the context of fluid mechanics amazes me.
Using a laser beam will help researchers identify minerals that are beyond the reach of the rover's robotic arm or in areas too steep for the rover to go.
Using a limited number of existing logograms from natural languages, you can create a new language, complemented by a set of phonograms.
Using a pencil, she quickly wrote the message in large capital letters on a scrap of paper torn from the notebook.
Using a programmable thermostat, you can adjust the times you turn on the heating or air-conditioning according to a pre-set schedule.
Using a remote-controlled drone, we were able to inspect the roof of our house for damage.
Using a sextant, the sun and a watch to guide him, Amundsen made the 3,000-kilometer round-trip journey from a basecamp in Antarctica in 99 days.
Using a special instrument called a spectrometer, observations of Eris show it has frozen methane on its surface.
Using a straw is not prudent.
Using a tissue shows good manners, unlike picking your nose.
Using a trap, they caught the fox.
Using advanced ground-penetrating radar, archaeologists believe they've found the Beagle under more than three meters of mud in a river estuary near a long-abandoned dock in Essex, England.
Using an eight-ton trebuchet, Tom launched Mary's bundt cake over the walls of the besieged city.
Using antiseptics like chlorine and broad-spectrum antibiotics, scientists have been working to halt the spread of the disease.
Using cash makes you think money is truly substantial.
Using cash means liberty.
Using cutting-edge machines that can detect the chemical composition in grains of soil as small as a speck of dust, the two Goddard labs will study how the building blocks of life evolved in our solar system and how the Moon’s surface chemistry was shaped over eons by radiation from space and from the Sun.
Using data from the known cases of MERS, the researchers found that, on average, someone with the disease is likeliest to infect at most, only one other person. SARS patients were likely to infect three others. That level of contagiousness made it a pandemic.
Using electric cars is environmentally friendly, but accumulator production is especially harmful to the environment.
Using examples speeds up language acquisition.
Using high heat settings while ironing synthetic fabrics will melt the synthetic fibers and cause visible permanent damage, which often looks like a shiny area where the too-hot iron had the longest contact with the fabric.
Using his leg, Ziri nudged Rima to wake up.
Using his uncanny powers of deduction and the latest in high-tech gadgetry, Agent 86 never seems to get it quite right.
Using hydrogen for energy storage is like trying to run a marathon in flip-flops. You'll get somewhere, but that's probably the emergency room.
Using infrared cameras, the researchers tracked blinks and eye movements.
Using infrared lasers, LCRD will send data to Earth from geosynchronous orbit at 1.2 gigabits-per-second (Gbps). At this speed and distance, you could download a movie in under a minute.
Using jargon is always a good choice.
Using lipstick, Christina wrote her telephone number for Peter on his packet of heart tablets.
Using muddy colors for this design is not a good idea.
Using my telescope, I can see Jupiter and six of its moons.
Using only "Tom" and "Mike" in many sentences is very strange.
Using only a teaspoon, Tom dug the tunnel that he used to escape from prison.
Using re-engineered viruses to fight cancer, also known as oncolytic virotherapy, is nothing new, dating back to the 1950s, according to the Mayo Clinic.
Using salient exemplars, demagogues are able to spread the false impression that minority groups are more dangerous than they are.
Using simple crayons, just like those used by any child, Maria was able to create breathtaking pictures.
Using slang words is always a good choice.
Using sleight of hand, he pulled a rabbit out of his hat.
Using tear gas against foreign combatants is a war crime.
Using telescopes located in New Zealand and Tasmania, the research team took advantage of an astronomical phenomenon that’s known as gravitational microlensing.
Using the Hooker Telescope — the largest telescope of its day — at Mt. Wilson Observatory in California, astronomer Edwin Hubble found that some nebulae, such as the Andromeda nebula, were separate galaxies like our own Milky Way galaxy.
Using the algebraic notation system, each square on the board is identified by a letter and a number. The letters – from “a” to “h”, left to right of white's player – correspond to the vertical lines (columns). The numbers – from 1 to 8, also from the position of white – correspond to the horizontal lines (rows). For example, a checker on c5 is in the encounter of the 3rd column with the 5th row.
Using the approach of deconstruction, the very idea of deconstruction itself must also be deconstructed, and continuously takes on a new meaning.
Using the hoover would just be a waste of electricity.
Using the horn at night should be avoided. At night, flash the headlights instead.
Using the names "Tom" and "Mary" in many English sentences to facilitate translating into Japanese is very strange.
Using the pedestrian bridge is a hassle.
Using the rudder and the jib with the wind behind it we backed up, turning the bow to the direction we wanted to go.
Using the space agency's X-ray telescope, the researchers saw two arcs of gas with a thin layer of relatively cool hydrogen gas.
Using the stage name Clara C, the Korean-American indie pop artist hears from fans from around the world.
Using the taps is worth it and releasing the vents is not.
Using the vacuum cleaner would just be a waste of electricity.
Using these observations, astronomers aim to shine a light on several cosmic mysteries, providing a window onto the universe’s distant past and hazy present.
Using this book doesn't work at all.
Using this device it's possible to turn ocean water into freshwater.
Using this mod can get you banned from online play. Use it at our own risk!
Using this new battery-pack, should in theory, supercharge your device.
Using tiny electro-cardiogram systems, the scientists showed that being carried about led to an immediate slowing of the infant's heart rate.
Using words, one can fight precisely.
Using your own language makes you uncomfortable.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
Usually I don't buy anything on the Internet.
Usually I don't know what I want.
Usually I don't pay attention to people like him.
Usually I don't sleep a wink at night.
Usually I drink two cups of coffee with lunch.
Usually I get up at six, but today I got up at eight.
Usually I go to bed after midnight.
Usually I go to school on foot.
Usually I have a shift with a longer break.
Usually I put a bit of juice in the blender with the banana to get a puree easier.
Usually I wake up early.
Usually I'm competing with the girl next to me, in my head. Now, there's no one to hold me accountable.
Usually I'm punctual.
Usually Mary can get whatever she wants.
Usually Mary gets whatever she wants.
Usually Tom and Mary can get whatever they want.
Usually Tom and Mary get whatever they want.
Usually Tom can get whatever he wants.
Usually Tom gets whatever he wants.
Usually Tom uses a fleshlight for self-satisfaction.
Usually anger makes me cry and crying makes me feel good.
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones or switch them to manner mode.
Usually children do not like gilo.
Usually found in or near kelp forests, sea otters dine on invertebrates such as snails, crabs, octopuses, urchins, and abalone.
Usually he put the umbrella near the door.
Usually it's my wife who fucks me, not the other way around.
Usually it's not me that does this.
Usually liquid and gas medicines are used to anaesthetize patients.
Usually meetings are held in the afternoon.
Usually my father gets home at six.
Usually newspapers and magazines have many opinions.
Usually only one eye is affected.
Usually she takes a shower in the morning.
Usually that works.
Usually the behaviors deemed normal aren't the problem, only the fact that they are deemed normal and all of society is judged by adherence or non-adherence to them.
Usually the id and name attributes have the same value applied. (N.B. Not because it matters if they differ but just as a matter of convenience.)
Usually they are all brought about by one’s own misdeeds and nothing more. For me, however, this is not the case; I am a man of great feeling, who values his word, and is straightforward and unrestrained, but these qualities have become the causes of problems for me.
Usually they're very flakey.
Usually we're not very busy on Mondays.
Usually what Tom says can be trusted.
Usually when Tom and Mary go out for dinner together, they split the bill.
Usually while walking I listen to music.
Usually, Americans prefer big cars.
Usually, Greek tragedies don't end well.
Usually, I don't take an afternoon nap.
Usually, I don't write songs like that.
Usually, I stay home all weekend.
Usually, I'll be gone before the morning light.
Usually, Michael just wears a blue shirt.
Usually, Pollock would simply name his paintings with a number and a date. He did not want the titles to explain to viewers what to see when they looked at his work.
Usually, Rodrigo rides the elevator by himself.
Usually, Tom doesn't stay long.
Usually, Tom is right.
Usually, Tom wasn't scared of dogs.
Usually, Tom will eat lunch at the school cafeteria.
Usually, a pot has two handles.
Usually, consumers would take quantity over quality.
Usually, inheritance laws are complex.
Usually, meteoroids burn up in the atmosphere and never reach the ground. A meteorite is the chunk of material that does reach the ground.
Usually, seagulls form long-lasting couples.
Usually, she leaves at five.
Usually, that's exactly what happens.
Usually, the Esperanto Academy officializes words after Esperantists start using them.
Usually, the creator of an online community is also its admin.
Usually, the second generation has never been to India.
Usually, the whole process takes about forty minutes.
Usually, they did not stay long.
Usually, things don't work like that.
Usually, we do this alone.
Usually, we shake hands when we meet someone for the first time.
Usually, when I watch movies, I eat popcorn and drink cola. But, next time, I'm going to eat candy.
Usually, when I'm hungry, I like to eat salad.
Utah has some beautiful national parks.
Utah is the land of Mormons.
Uteral implants for trans women will one day be possible and accessible.
Uterine prolapse is when the uterus drops towards or through the vaginal opening as a consequence of weak supporting ligaments.
Uther Pendragon was the father of King Arthur.
Utilitarian philosophers have tried to justify some messed-up things.
Utilities are extra.
Utility companies supply electricity.
Utility payments are higher in the winter.
Utilizing an ephemeris, an astronomer can calculate lunar phases and the times of rising and setting of the sun and of the moon all around the world and for any day of the year.
Utilizing infinite scrolling on your website is a sign of either ignorance or sociopathy.
Utopia today means a realisable impossibility.
Utter vapor, said Kohelet. Utter vapor, all is vapor.
Uttering harmful words only leads to your own downfall!
Utterly different from Tom was his friend John, who was kind and benevolent.
Utterson cared a lot about Jekyll.
Utterson wanted to protect Jekyll from Hyde.
Uyghur is a Turkic language.
Uyghur is closely related to Uzbek.
Uyghur traditional costumes are among the most beautiful in the world.
Uyghurs comprise the majority in Kashgar.
Uyghurs look different to the Chinese.
Uzbekistan is called "O'zbekiston" in Uzbek.
Uzun illərdir ki, Azərbaycan dövləti Xocalı faciəsi ilə bağlı həqiqətlərin beynəlxalq ictimaiyyətin diqqətinə çatdırılması, onun soyqırımı kimi tanıdılması istiqamətində sistemli iş aparır.
VAR is ruining football.
VB6 killed my sister.
VHC was among the most undervalued stocks forecasted.
VHS tape collector Heath Holland has a blog dedicated to the culture of the 1990s.
VIP Turkey Airport Transfer is developed.
VISUACT supports flexibly the varied environments and needs of our customers and offers a variety of operational procedures.
VOA's Carol Pearson reports, a new study finds that young teens who begin using e-cigarettes are more likely to transition to real cigarettes and other smokeable tobacco products.
VOA's Carolyn Presutti shows us the massive police presence to keep protesters and counterprotesters apart.
VOA's Deborah Block takes us to a neighborhood in a Maryland suburb where about 1,000 blossoming trees put on quite a show.
VOA’s Julie Taboh spoke with experts in the fashion industry about current sales trend.
VOA’s Julie Taboh traveled to the fast-developing coastal city to see how students and faculty at this unique college meet a growing and urgent need.
VR blocks out the physical world and transports the user to a simulated world.
VR might be the future, but right now, it's far too expensive.
VR porn is a lot more immersive than regular porn.
Vacation in the coastal rain forests of North America offers the author a chance to decompress and enjoy the sights, sounds, tastes, smells and textures of nature that have been absent from his life for the past year.
Vacation is over today.
Vacation is over.
Vacation is too short.
Vacation's already over.
Vacation? What's that?
Vacationers were evacuated after a wildfire tore through a pine wood near the coastal city of Pescara.
Vacationing in a less than perfect place can be more relaxing.
Vacationing in the rural town of Ibaan, Batangas, Philippines, during Halloween season in the 1970s, we children looked at Halloween paraphernalia from abroad, but we did not really celebrate Halloween. At All Saints' Day and All Souls' Day, we visited graves in the cemetery.
Vacations are being canceled.
Vacations are fun!
Vacations are fun.
Vacations are good for people who get bored during the year.
Vacations are good for people who get tired during the year.
Vacation’s already over.
Vaccinated or not vaccinated, that is the question.
Vaccinated or not, you can be certain you won't be able to enter without a mask.
Vaccinated or unvaccinated, that is the question here.
Vaccination is good for children!
Vaccination is highly recommended for travelers to India.
Vaccination programs against some of the world’s deadliest diseases have saved tens of millions of lives over the past twenty years, according to a new study.
Vaccination works.
Vaccinations help prevent childhood diseases.
Vaccine makers are already adapting their shots to the new strains, just in case.
Vaccine studies usually test vaccines on pregnant women and children last.
Vaccines against swine and avian flu can be made more effective by the addition of a helper serum known as an adjuvant.
Vaccines are distributed proportionally to the population of each region.
Vaccines are produced using chicken eggs.
Vaccines are safe and they save lives.
Vaccines can provide some protection during flu season.
Vaccines deliver antibodies that fight disease.
Vaccines don't cause autism, but autism also isn't a bad thing.
Vaccines don't cause autism.
Vaccines mimic an infection, which causes the body's immune system to mount a defense.
Vaccines typically take years of painstaking research to develop.
Vaccines work by mimicking what happens in the body during infection without making patients sick.
Vaclav is a Czech boy's name meaning "wreath of glory".
Vaclav moved to New York this year hoping to get a job. He wants to be a computer programmer.
Vacuum packaging consists of rigid or flexible containers from which substantially all air has been removed before sealing. Carbon dioxide or nitrogen may be introduced into the container. This process prolongs shelf life, preserves the flavors and retards bacterial growth.
Vacuum the carpet to keep it clean.
Vaduz is the capital of Liechtenstein.
Vaduz is the capital of the Principality of Liechtenstein.
Vagabonds are some of the most itinerant people out there.
Vaginismus is a double-edged sword.
Vair, who was to be revered as a Sufi saint, was noticed in a bazaar because of his deferential bearing by a stranger, who, taking him for a slave, approached and asked, "Are you looking for your master?"
Valencia is a much fitter candidate for student body president than her competitors.
Valencia is famous for its unusual architecture.
Valencia is the third largest city in Spain and is also known for being the birthplace of paella.
Valentina Tereshkova made 48 orbits of Earth. She spent almost three days in space.
Valentina Tereshkova never made a second trip into space. She became an important member of the Communist Party and a representative of the Soviet government.
Valentina Tereshkova piloted Vostok 6 and became the first woman in space.
Valentina Tereshkova was honored with the title of Hero of the Soviet Union.
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman in space.
Valentina became interested in parachute jumping when she was young.
Valentina started school in 1945 when she was eight years old. She left school to begin working in a textile plant in 1953.
Valentina's mother worked in a textile plant.
Valentine climbed a high tree to look around.
Valentine is done.
Valentine was born in Havre in 1911.
Valentine's Day can go fuck itself!
Valentine's Day falls on Monday this year.
Valentine's Day is a time for love.
Valentine's Day is being celebrated all over the world, where everyone is expressing love to their partner.
Valentine's Day is celebrated all around the world.
Valentine's Day is celebrated in February.
Valentine's Day is close, and I still don't know what to give to her.
Valentine's Day is coming up.
Valentine's Day is next week.
Valentine's Day is on February fourteenth, but I don't have a valentine.
Valentine's Day is on Sunday this year.
Valeria's book is on that old and terrible blue table.
Valerian was the first Roman Emperor to be captured as a prisoner of war.
Valeria’s book is on that old and terrible blue table.
Valerie Boned, the secretary-general of Enterprises de Voyage, an advocacy group representing travel agencies in France, told VOA the U.S. move was a disaster.
Valid all day, in all zones.
Valid concerns have been raised about how these factors and constraints may be eroding the genetic integrity and the wild character of bison that, for millennia, were shaped into resilient animals by the hands of natural selection and wide-ranging movements across large landscapes that allowed for natural dispersal and intermixing of herds.
Valid until March 31, 1997.
Validate your card so as to not get fined.
Validating an angry client's feelings is an effective way of defusing the situation.
Valletta is the capital of Malta.
Valmiki was a legendary Indian poet who authored the Ramayana.
Valor doesn't go well with faintheartedness.
Valorie is making "galletas", Spanish for cookies.
Valuable time has been lost.
Valuable trees are being damaged by too many leaf-eating koalas.
Valuation is not always objective.
Value Village locations across Canada are closing out of concern for the coronavirus pandemic.
Value no longer remains for her now.
Value your energy.
Values can't be changed overnight.
Values can’t be changed overnight.
Values melt like snow in the sun!
Valuing each other is what truly matters.
Vampire Knight is a beautiful Japanese anime about a boarding school of elite vampires.
Vampire bats are the only mammals that are hematophagous, meaning that they subsist entirely on the blood of other animals.
Vampire that I am, I have stayed up way too late again.
Vampires are allergic to sunlight.
Vampires are not eternal.
Vampires burn in the sun.
Vampires cannot cross the threshold of a house without having been invited.
Vampires change shape.
Vampires don't like sunlight.
Vampires don't reflect in a mirror.
Vampires drink blood.
Vampires like darkness.
Vampires live forever, unless they're killed.
Vampires live forever.
Vampires live in perpetuity.
Vampires must drink blood to survive.
Van Bavel taught the class from inside the elevator.
Van Buren rejected the offer.
Van Gogh suffered from mental illness.
Van Gogh was poor and led a turbulent life.
Van Kerkhove, an American, said she has worked for the WHO for more than 10 years and has never been prouder of the work it has done.
Van der Leyen has to right to speak on behalf of the EU regarding this issue.
Vancouver played host again this summer to its 22nd International Jazz Festival. During the 10-day event at the end of June, a wide spectrum of music enlivened the city.
Vandalism is a significant problem in this part of the city.
Vandalism is on the rise.
Vandalism isn't violence.
Vandalism started to become a problem.
Vandals defaced the building.
Vandals established colonies and kingdoms in the Iberian Peninsula and North Africa.
Vandals wreaked havoc in the abandoned house.
Vane and vain are homophones.
Vanessa loves to knit hats, scarves, and mittens in rainbow colors.
Vanessa loves to read romance and adventure books. She started reading when she was young and it became a lifelong passion.
Vanessa's calling you.
Vanguard 1 was the first spacecraft to use solar cells. It's the oldest artificial satellite still in orbit around Earth.
Vanilla is a spice extracted from the fruit of an orchid.
Vanilla is my favorite flavor of Fruit Chews.
Vanilla is my favorite flavor of ice cream.
Vanillin is often used in baking.
Vanita put his limp cock in her mouth.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.
Vanity is the mirror of the fools.
Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.
Vanity of vanities, and everything is vanity.
Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
Vanuatu is in Oceania.
Vanuatu, a remote chain of more than 80 islands in the Pacific, is one of the few countries in the world where the coronavirus has not spread.
Vanunu became a thorn in Israel's side.
Vanya is an even bigger pedant than I am.
Vanya is even more of a stickler than I am.
Vanya is even more pedantic than I am.
Vaping is a popular way to consume tobacco and marijuana.
Vaping isn't as harmful as smoking, but it's still addictive and unwise to do.
Vaping kills.
Vaporise the solvent from the liquid. What's left is the perfume component and a lump of vegetable wax.
Vaporise the solvent from the liquid. What’s left is the perfume component and a lump of vegetable wax.
Vaporization is the transition of a liquid from a liquid to a gaseous state.
Vapour ascends from water. From it is formed a cloud, and mist near the Earth.
Vaquero is a Spanish word for cowboys who work with "vacas" or cows.
Variability is one of the virtues of a woman. It avoids the crude requirement of polygamy. So long as you have one good wife you are sure to have a spiritual harem.
Variable names in C are case sensitive.
Variations in thought inspire creativity and innovation.
Varied perspectives enrich our experiences.
Variegated leaves fluctuate between green and white, or green and yellow, and display these colors in nearly all possible patterns.
Variety delights.
Variety in opinions fosters growth.
Variety is the mother of enjoyment.
Variety is the spice of life.
Various cultural festivals are organized in Kabylie.
Various cultures interpret relationships in unique ways.
Various cupolas of the cathedral partially collapsed due to the earthquake.
Various efforts were made to resurrect Latin.
Various factors can influence sperm count and quality.
Various international organizations provide relief to the Sahrawi refugees.
Various issues may lead to disputes among individuals.
Various kinds of flowers will be blooming soon.
Various kinds of tea are sold here.
Various methods are possible.
Various reports went abroad on this mysterious affair, many of them very inaccurate, though they could hardly be said to be exaggerated.
Various sizes are available.
Various suggestions have emerged at the meeting of the Election System Reform Commission, including making local government elections non-partisan, holding local government elections before the national parliamentary elections, holding all local government elections on the same day, and holding all elections, including the presidential election, by direct vote.
Various tunnels have been proposed.
Various types of philosophy originated in Greece.
Various types of tea are sold here.
Various types of tumors exist, both benign and malignant.
Varun's group frequently went scavenging in the factory ruins.
Vary your cardio exercises to keep it interesting.
Vasile fixed the clock.
Vasile revealed to me that he wanted to sell the house.
Vasilissa put the doll back into her pocket, crossed herself and started out into the dark, wild forest.
Vasilissa put the skull on the end of a stick and darted away through the forest, running as fast as she could, finding her path by the skull's glowing eyes which went out only when morning came.
Vasilissa rose and went at once to the Palace, and as soon as the Tsar saw her, he fell in love with her with all his soul.
Vasilissa turned into a white swan and flew away through the window.
Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village.
Vasilissa washed her face, dressed her hair, put on her best gown and sat down at the window to see what would happen.
Vaslav Nijinsky was a Russian dancer.
Vasquez, a high school sophomore, came from one of the 18 countries that participated in this year's Model U.N. conference.
Vassili dared not disobey. He said good-bye to his young wife, who cried bitterly at parting, hung a bag of biscuits over his shoulders, and set out.
Vassili led a good and happy life with his dear wife, and his kind mother-in-law lived with them. He helped the poor and fed and clothed the hungry and naked and all Mark's riches became his.
Vassily brought his watch to the watchmaker.
Vast segments of Morocco's workforce could lose their jobs in the future.
Vasya and Yasha are second cousins.
Vasya is a fighter by nature.
Vasya was killed by a bayonet.
Vatican City State has existed since 1929. Prior to that date we cannot talk about the Vatican as the papal states.
Vatican City is the capital of Vatican City.
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world.
Vatican City with its 0.44 km² is the world's smallest state.
Vatican City with its 0.44 kmÂ² is the world’s smallest state.
Vatnik denotes a dedicated jingoistic follower of propaganda from the Russian government.
Veal is cruel.
Veber's new movie, "Le Dîner de Cons", like his famous film "La Cage aux Folles", is very amusing.
Vectors need not correspond to a physical quantity; anything can be a vector space as long as vector addition and scalar multiplication is defined.
Vedanta teaches that consciousness is singular, all happenings are played out in one universal consciousness and there is no multiplicity of selves.
Vega, one of the brightest stars in the northern sky, is in the constellation Lyra.
Vegan food tastes delicious with nutritional yeast.
Vegan-friendly restaurants are restaurants with vegan options.
Veganism counts as an alternative life style, doesn't it?
Veganism is a way of living that seeks to exclude, as far as possible and practicable, all forms of exploitation of, and cruelty to, animals for food, clothing and any other purpose.
Veganism is an alternative lifestyle.
Veganism is cheaper than smoking.
Veganism is not a fashion.
Veganism is true peace.
Vegans are people who avoid products from animal sources or products tested on animals in an effort to avoid harming animals. Freegans take this a step further by recognizing that in a complex, industrial, mass-production economy driven by profit, abuses of humans, animals, and the earth abound at all levels of production (from acquisition to raw materials to production to transportation) and in just about every product we buy.
Vegans do not use animal products, or by-products, in their everyday lives.
Vegans don't eat any animal products.
Vegans drink water destroying the habitat of fish.
Vegans poop a lot.
Vegans smell better.
Vegans usually get plenty of protein.
Vegemite is a popular Australian foodstuff.
Vegemite is a yeast extract.
Vegemite is awesome.
Vegetable prices fluctuate according to the season.
Vegetables and fruits are an important part of a healthy diet.
Vegetables are getting more expensive.
Vegetables are growing on this field.
Vegetables are healthy.
Vegetables can't talk.
Vegetables got more expensive.
Vegetables have gone up in price.
Vegetables have gotten expensive.
Vegetables love the sun.
Vegetables slowly lean towards the light.
Vegetarian food is good for your health.
Vegetarians are some of the healthiest people in the world.
Vegetarians can eat couscous without meat.
Vegetarians don't eat meat, but they eat red apples.
Vegetarians don't eat meat.
Vegetarians eat vegetables.
Vegetarians shouldn't eat strawberries.
Vegetation is green because of the chlorophyll.
Vegetation lowers crime.
Vegetation needs to flourish in these arid regions of Algeria.
Veggie burgers are a plant-based option.
Vehicle registrations are on the rise.
Vehicle registrations have gone up.
Vehicle-to-vehicle, or V2V, is a short-range communication technology that enables vehicles to exchange vital information 10 times per second, about location, speed, acceleration and braking.
Vehicles approaching pass each other on the right.
Veiled at her shrines in Phrygian hood we stand, / and chief to Juno, mindful of the seer, / burnt-offerings pay, as pious rites demand.
Velar consonants are articulated with the back part of the tongue against the soft palate, the back part of the roof of the mouth.
Velvet and muslin are two very different types of fabric.
Velvet fabric is often seen as a sign of luxury.
Velvet pants are out of style.
Velvet season is coming to an end.
Velvet trousers are out of style.
Velvet worms get their name thanks to their soft, velvety skin.
Venal offices were government positions sold by the French state during the Ancien Régime.
Vending machines sell cigarettes not just to adults, but to children.
Vendors at the busy Croix-des-Bossales market in downtown Port-au-Prince have not heard much about the coronavirus pandemic that is currently sweeping the world.
Vendors wrapped items in banana leaves and water hyacinth strings.
Venessa Strauss is a veterinary nurse. She rescues emaciated chicks that have been abandoned by their parents on the breeding islands offshore.
Venetians were woken up at dawn Friday to the wailing of flood sirens and the lapping of water as the already-deluged Italian city was struck by a new tidal surge, further damaging ancient monuments, palaces and churches and striking fear into residents.
Veneto has a rich artistic and cultural tradition, with numerous museums and works of art.
Venezuela and Brazil each have a state with the name Amazonas.
Venezuela and its citizens are poor.
Venezuela asked oil-producing countries to cut oil production to force prices up.
Venezuela has not been able to live up to its full potential.
Venezuela is also under US embargo.
Venezuela is crippled by its economic crisis.
Venezuela is my second homeland.
Venezuela is on the brink of famine.
Venezuela is the country of my dreams.
Venezuela is wealthy on paper.
Venezuela stands with Palestine.
Venezuela's economy is a catastrophe.
Venezuela, once the most prosperous economy in Latin America thanks to its vast oil reserves, is now suffering one of the largest economic crises in the world.
Venezuelans speak with a very musical cadence.
Vengeance breeds more vengeance.
Vengeance has a strictly hedonistic end.
Vengeance is an acknowledgement of suffering.
Vengefully, she tore up the letter and threw the pieces into the flames.
Venice carnival events have been cut short for the first time ever.
Venice has been feeling the effects of global warming, with more frequent events of high tides and rising water levels in recent months.
Venice has suffered the worst flooding in 53 years.
Venice is a beautiful city.
Venice is a city for passions: it's a city for honeymoons or for breakups.
Venice is a city on water.
Venice is a romantic city.
Venice is one of Europe's most romantic cities.
Venice is one of the world's most romantic cities.
Venice now has fewer than 60,000 residents.
Venice was a wealthy and powerful city.
Venice was built on top of a lagoon.
Venice was formally known as the Most Serene Republic of Venice.
Venice, Italy is one of the wonders of the world.
Venomous snakes don't live in our place.
Vent your anger on someone else, will you?
Ventilation systems would need to be overhauled to “minimize recirculating air.”
Ventilators move air in and out of a patient's lungs.
Venting rarely improves my mood and often makes it worse.
Venturing along the last path available to them, they discovered a hidden beach.
Venturing outside your comfort zone can be revitalizing.
Venules and arterioles are small diameter blood vessels that connect capillaries to veins and arteries.
Venus VII was a spaceship that managed to land on the surface of Venus.
Venus and Earth are almost the same size.
Venus and Earth are roughly the same size.
Venus and Jupiter are in conjunction.
Venus and Mars are the neighbors of the Earth.
Venus and Mars do not have magnetospheres at all.
Venus and Mercury are inner planets.
Venus can't be inhabited.
Venus can't sustain life.
Venus does not have any naturally occurring satellites.
Venus doesn't have a moon.
Venus doesn’t have any moons.
Venus gets so hot during the day that it could melt a lead cannonball. The temperature rises to 484 degrees Celsius on the side facing the Sun.
Venus has a hostile environment.
Venus has a retrograde rotation which means it rotates on its axis in the opposite direction from the Earth's rotation. This causes the Sun to rise in the west and move eastward across the sky.
Venus has a thick atmosphere.
Venus has clouds of sulfuric acid.
Venus has continuous showers of sulfuric acid rain. However, the acid rain evaporates before it reaches Venus's surface because of the planet's super-hot temperatures.
Venus has no moons.
Venus has thick clouds that trap heat, making it the hottest planet.
Venus has very thick, rapidly spinning clouds which cover its surface.
Venus is Earth's twin by size, but its dense atmosphere is made up mostly of carbon dioxide, which helps keep the planet sizzling hot. Venus, therefore, is not hospitable for life.
Venus is a hot planet.
Venus is a planet.
Venus is a rocky planet.
Venus is a symbol of femininity and elegance.
Venus is about the same size as Earth.
Venus is also known as the Morning Star.
Venus is called the Evening Star. It is called this because it looks so bright to us from Earth.
Venus is close to the Sun.
Venus is different in many ways from Earth. Venus has a harsh environment, is very hot, and has a poisonous atmosphere with acid clouds.
Venus is far too hot for exploration.
Venus is immensely hot.
Venus is like Hell. The oven-like surface temperature hovers over 450 degrees Celsius.
Venus is only slightly smaller than the Earth and Mars is bigger than half of Earth.
Venus is referred to as the Evening Star because it is the brightest planet that can be viewed from Earth. Its thick cloud cover is an excellent reflector of the Sun's light.
Venus is similar in size to Earth. Earth is just a little bit bigger.
Venus is so hot and dry.
Venus is the closest planet to Earth.
Venus is the hottest planet in our solar system.
Venus is the hottest planet in the solar system.
Venus is the second planet from the Sun.
Venus is the second planet from the sun.
Venus is unusual because it rotates in a direction opposite that of all of the other planets.
Venus is unusual because it spins the opposite direction as Earth and most other planets.
Venus is very hot.
Venus is way too hot to explore.
Venus once had oceans.
Venus received an apple as the prize of beauty; and the same prize I now give to you. You are both possessed of the same beauty, and your judges are of equal standing; for Paris was a shepherd and I am a goatherd.
Venus revolves around the Sun in a circular orbit once every 225 Earth days.
Venus rotates in the opposite direction from most other planets in our Solar System.
Venus rotates in the opposite direction to most planets in the solar system.
Venus rotates slowly on its axis in a clockwise direction, which is referred to as a "retrograde" rotation because it is the opposite of the seven other planets.
Venus was once the twin of Earth.
Venus was the first planet outside of Earth to ever be reached by a space probe.
Venus' air pressure is very high.
Venus' atmospheric pressure is very high.
Venus' dense atmosphere is composed of carbon dioxide and sulfuric acid which acts as a greenhouse and traps the heat.
Venus's average surface temperature is a scorching 462 C, which is hot enough to melt lead.
Venus's average surface temperature is a scorching 860 degrees Fahrenheit, which is hot enough to melt lead.
Venus's diameter is 95% that of Earth.
Vera can't sleep.
Vera had to disassociate herself from her former best friends, who got into drugs.
Vera has to work hard for the exam. I don't. For me it comes naturally.
Vera has to work hard for the exam. I don't. With me, it comes automatically.
Vera has to work hard for the exam. I don't. With me, it comes by itself.
Vera has to work hard for the exam. I don't. With me, it comes naturally.
Vera is going with her friend to Lisbon for a few days.
Vera is learning Klingon in her spare time.
Vera is travelling with her friend to Lisbon for a few days.
Vera lives on the same street as you.
Vera looked down on Sergey because he was cheating on his wife.
Verdi wrote thirty operas.
Verdun had withstood a siege of ten weeks.
Verga is a famous writer.
Verification is the process of establishing that information is truthful and accurate.
Verification is the responsibility of both news organizations and journalists. But a literate news consumer also checks often for updates or for corrections in stories because he realizes that sometimes – even journalists make mistakes.
Verification of the data is a two-step process.
Verify the institution's accreditation validity.
Verify your email address.
Verily I say unto thee, lay thine eyes upon the field in which my fucks are grown. Behold that it is barren.
Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Verily, a noob was pwn'd and he was pwn'd hard.
Verily, a noob was pwn’d and he was pwn’d hard.
Verlaine's poem says, "Tears fall in my heart, as rain falls on the city."
Vermicomposting is a method of decomposing organic waste using worms.
Vermilion is made from cinnabar, which is toxic.
Vermilion is one the signifiers of Chinese culture.
Vermont is located on the border with Canada.
Verne's novels tackled scientific concepts, social issues and philosophical themes.
Vernon makes around three thousand pennies.
Versailles is in France, genius!
Version 1.5.0 of the software has just been released.
Vertebrates typically have teeth.
Vertical farms could reduce water usage.
Vertical mixing is constrained due to the separation from the mixed layer by depth.
Vertigo generally isn't a good thing.
Vertigo is a feeling of spatial disorientation.
Vertigo is a sense of disorientation in space.
Very Moe!
Very beautiful. Thank you very much!
Very delicious!
Very early on he became fascinated. Later he realized how fake she was.
Very expensive.
Very fat people waddle when they walk, though few of them realize it.
Very few actors have succeeded in two different TV series.
Very few children draw as well as Tom can.
Very few countries could cease trading with China.
Very few fat men have long noses.
Very few foreign tourists visit Algeria every year.
Very few men, I admit you, commit great crimes, but that is not always because they are too good for it; it is sometimes only because the fatal occasion does not arise for them and sometimes because the men themselves are not equal to the occasion.
Very few nations maintain diplomatic relations with Taiwan.
Very few of us look at someone's behavior and think, "That person was born to behave like that".
Very few oilfields are being discovered in Algeria.
Very few passengers survived the accident.
Very few people actually do that anymore.
Very few people actually do that.
Very few people aren't afraid of death.
Very few people around here speak French.
Very few people came to the meeting.
Very few people can actually do that.
Very few people can do this.
Very few people can drive every type of truck.
Very few people do this.
Very few people even noticed it.
Very few people go to church around here.
Very few people have been invited to celebrate the anniversary of the couple.
Very few people have given their citizens hope for a better future and captured the world's attention.
Very few people knew of the existence of this law.
Very few people know how to do that.
Very few people know it.
Very few people know what their blood group is.
Very few people live in southern Algeria where it's dry.
Very few people live to be 100.
Very few people speak French around here.
Very few people still speak Berber in this region.
Very few people would agree with that statement.
Very few people would disagree with that statement.
Very few places on our earth remain undisturbed by civilization.
Very few soldiers of the special forces get married.
Very few species of spiders in my country are actually dangerous.
Very few students were there.
Very few were there.
Very frequently, a woman earns less than a man for exactly the same work.
Very funny! You are a funny person — right.
Very funny! You are indeed a funny person.
Very funny.
Very good advice. I would consider it if it weren't yours.
Very good job! Congratulations!
Very good sir, and you?
Very good!
Very good! You did an excellent job.
Very good, but you're capable of doing better.
Very good, thank you.
Very good.
Very good. How are you?
Very good. Thank you.
Very happy to meet you.
Very happy to see you.
Very high demands are placed on the fitting accuracy of the tubing. The error tolerance is normally in the range of one to a few millimeters.
Very interesting!
Very interesting.
Very large windows assure abundant natural daylight.
Very likely.
Very little has been written about mutual intelligibility between different Berber dialects.
Very little has been written about this Berber dialect.
Very little has changed since 2004.
Very little is known about her.
Very little is known about that.
Very little is known about the Coahuiltecans and the name of the group is a generalization.
Very little is known about the deep sea.
Very little is known about them.
Very little is known about this dangerous phenomenon.
Very little is needed to make a happy life.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself; in your way of thinking.
Very little was achieved.
Very little work got done today.
Very low oxygen levels result in impaired judgment and ability to concentrate, lack of night vision acuity, shortness of breath, nausea, and fatigue.
Very many of my sentences are still untranslated into other languages.
Very many of my sentences are still without a translation into another language.
Very many people know him.
Very many religions promise life after death.
Very nice work.
Very nice!
Very noisy, this boy.
Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene.
Very often, Tom doesn't do what he's told to do.
Very often, a sentence will be grammatically correct yet still sound stilted to native speakers.
Very quietly, Donald went upstairs.
Very regrettably, 1,900 square meters of land become desert every second.
Very romantic!
Very serious and substantive discussions were held between Armenia and Azerbaijan on important aspects of the peace agenda - border delimitation, opening and development of the Zangezur corridor, initialing of the peace treaty, and other issues.
Very shameful!
Very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough—as most wrong theories are!
Very simply, because you are missing the point.
Very small amounts of mass may be converted into a very large amount of energy and vice versa.
Very soon Mary would walk through the door. We could hardly wait!
Very soon they were married.
Very soon we will usher in a new year.
Very strange.
Very tall people can often be ungainly.
Very tall, with the proportions of a young goddess, her uncovered golden head gleaming in the sunlight.
Very well done, Jamal.
Very well done, guys.
Very well played!
Very well then!
Very well!
Very well, sir, thank you.
Very well, thank you for your courtesy.
Very well, thank you.
Very well, thank you. How is your health?
Very well, we'll make allowance in your case.
Very well, we'll make an exception in your case.
Very well, who are you?
Very well. And you?
Very well. Thank you.
Very young children don't know many words.
Very!
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the Buddha.
Vesta was the goddess of the hearth and home.
Vestal virgins had to make sure that the sacred fire of Vesta was never extinguished.
Vesuvius and Etna are the two most well-known volcanoes in Italy.
Veteran Spanish golfer Sergio Garcia finally captured his first major title in a sudden death playoff over Britain's Justin Rose.
Veterans need more jobs.
Veterinary surgeons treat animals.
Vets give treatment to animals.
Vets treat animals.
Vex not too far the lion, chained though he be.
Vi alportu donacon al ili.
Viagra was originally developed to treat chest pains from heart disease.
Viagra's impacts on erectile dysfunction were an unexpected — and lucrative — surprise.
Viana is a Brazilian municipality with an estimate population of 65000.
Vibeke comes from Trondheim.
Vibeke is a beautiful girl from Norway.
Vice President Roosevelt hurried to Buffalo.
Vice President Slumber Tsogwane said that, based on the government's response to the coronavirus outbreak and the current trajectory of the disease, the administration decided to open the economy albeit incrementally, while observing the disease patterns.
Vicente is from Chile. He is Chilean.
Viceroy Jackson rules the territory on behalf of King Thomas.
Vicodin, Oxycontin and their cousins quickly became popular, providing a euphoric effect while they dulled pain.
Victims have the right to be compensated for their damages.
Victims of crimes of war and crimes against humanity deserve recognition and reparation.
Victims of the hurricane received financial aid from the government.
Victims often struggle to voice their experiences.
Victor Hugo is a very famous French writer.
Victor Hugo's house is in Vosges Square in Paris.
Victor's editor insisted that he cut out the prologue from his novel draft.
Victoria Ruffo is a goddess!
Victoria died in 1901.
Victoria is the capital of the Seychelles.
Victoria played the piano beautifully.
Victorian hosts entertained in a gloomy drawing room crowded with elaborately patterned wooden chairs, thick carpets, massive mirrors rimmed with gold, sparkling silver cutlery and polished ebony tables.
Victorian ladies were expected to excel at needlework, and everybody read a lot.
Victory Holdsworth says the secretariat has put together a team to review the petition.
Victory and defeat aren't solely decided by the size of your army.
Victory and defeat aren’t solely decided by the size of your army.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
Victory belongs to the most tenacious.
Victory in the competition was no consolation to her.
Victory is bitter.
Victory is for the believers.
Victory is not assured.
Victory is not everything and defeat is not the end of everything.
Victory is on our side.
Victory is ours.
Victory is possible, though unlikely.
Victory is possible.
Victory is so close, I can almost taste it.
Victory is the end of strategy.
Victory is the goal of strategy.
Victory is unlikely but not impossible.
Victory is unlikely, but possible.
Victory may seem impossible, but actually it is not.
Victory seemed impossible, but actually it was not.
Victory seemed within easy reach.
Victory to Bhavani!
Victory to India!
Victory to India, victory to Maharashtra!
Victory to Maharashtra!
Victory to Pakistan.
Victory will be ours.
Victory won't be achieved easily.
Victory, or death!
Vicuñas are the wild ancestors of domesticated alpacas.
Video calls allow friends to see each other despite the distance.
Video calls replace real-life meetings.
Video dates, texting or chat rooms may be options for you.
Video games are bad for you.
Video games are for children.
Video games can be lifesaving for people who have severe disabilities or suffer from uncontrollable symptoms.
Video games ruined my life, at least I still have two lives left.
Video sites like YouTube are chock-full of clickbait titles such as "FATHER MARRIES DAUGHTER!?" or "MOST TERRIFYING GAME EVER!?".
Videoconferencing platform Zoom experienced worldwide outages Monday morning, coinciding with the first day of remote classes for many schools and universities.
Videos of Israeli police beating Muslim worshippers inside the al-Alqsa Mosque are widely circulating on social media.
Videos often include popular songs from well-known artists.
Videos posted online have shown just how vile some of the abuse of emergency workers has been in Australia during the COVID-19 crisis.
Videos shot by a variety of broadcasting companies recorded riot police bludgeoning protesters with truncheons and shocking them with stun guns.
Vienna is Austria's capital.
Vienna is a beautiful city.
Vienna is a township in Ohio.
Vienna is in Austria.
Vienna is in the east of Austria.
Vienna is the capital of Austria.
Vienna lies not in the centre of Austria, but at the country's periphery.
Vienna was the heart of the Austro-Hungarian empire.
Vientiane is the capital of Laos.
Vietnam cannot compete with China.
Vietnam counts itself among the top five countries in the world that would be devastated if global warming gets even more severe, especially with its 3,000 kilometers of coast along the South China Sea. As it works to implement an action plan under the Paris Climate Change Accord, the country is looking for ways to mitigate the environmental toll of the fast-growing construction industry, which consumes a lot of sand for cement, electricity, and other building supplies. The construction and industrial sectors expanded 8.8 percent in 2018 versus the year earlier, higher than the overall economy’s expansion of 7 percent, according to data from the property developer Jones Lang Lasalle Vietnam.
Vietnam has a communist government.
Vietnam is chairing the 10-member country Association of Southeast Asian Nations through 2020, a once-per-decade opportunity for each bloc member.
Vietnam is getting seriously frightened by the expansionism of China.
Vietnam used to be a French colony.
Vietnam was once a French colony.
Vietnam's currency is the đồng. Its symbol is "₫".
Vietnam's public debt to GDP ratio is nearing the government-mandated ceiling of 65%.
Vietnamese citizens are increasingly replacing their fruit with juice, not realizing that all the added sugar contained in juices could outweigh health benefits.
Vietnamese is a difficult but beautiful language.
Vietnamese is a tonal language.
Vietnamese is a very concise language.
Vietnamese is not a hard language to learn.
Vietnamese is not a very easy language.
Vietnamese is really hard to learn.
Vietnamese is the third most spoken language in Texas.
Vietnamese is very easy to learn.
Vietnam’s cuisine is becoming a popular cultural trend in the U.S. as a growing number of Americans acquire a taste for the savory beef soup called pho. The slow-cooked dish might follow the path of Italian pizza, Mexican salsa and Japanese sushi — to be enjoyed across America. As VOA’s Jim Randle reports, President Obama’s planned visit to this former wartime enemy is bringing new attention to all things Vietnamese.
Vietnam’s currency is the Ä‘á»“ng. Its symbol is "â‚«".
View on site.
View.
Viewed as Science, Civics is that branch of Sociology which deals with Cities—their origin and distribution; their development and structure; their functioning, internal and external, material and psychological; their evolution, individual and associated.
Viewed from a distance, everything is beautiful.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
Viewer discretion is advised.
Viewers of TV hospital shows have seen patients wheeled into an emergency room on a stretcher with a paramedic squeezing a bag attached to their faces. That's a bag-valve mask.
Viewers of feature movies on videocassette are long familiar with an FBI warning against unauthorized copying. That warning is being updated and made available for DVDs, music, software and computer games. Many Internet downloads will now also include a version, complete with the FBI seal. The text warns that it is illegal to reproduce or distribute copyrighted material, and infringements are punishable by five years in prison and a fine of $250,000.
Viewing things from another angle is acceptable.
Vigilante violence against those of a different political persuasion is counterproductive.
Vigorous exercise makes you sweat.
Vika lent me a hundred rubles.
Viking Lander 1 was the first U.S. spacecraft to successfully touch down on any planet other than Earth.
Viking helmets with horns aren't in style in Scandinavia anymore.
Viking ships — in copies, naturally — are seen in Roskilde Harbor at the bottom of Roskilde Fjord, Denmark.
Vikings 1 and 2 became the first space probes to successfully land on the surface of Mars.
Vikings 1 and 2 were launched in 1976, the year in which the United States celebrated its bicentennial.
Vikings didn't really wear horned helmets.
Viktor Yanukovich was the president of Ukraine.
Viktor Yanukovych was ousted in 2014.
Vilbert was an itinerant quack-doctor, well known to the rustic population, and absolutely unknown to anybody else, as he, indeed, took care to be, to avoid inconvenient investigations.
Villa Park was dazzling in the bright spring sunshine.
Village chiefs are trying to change that by urging people to take the jab from mobile vaccination clinics.
Village children are taught to work from an early age.
Villagers leave her offerings of fruits and herbs.
Villagers receive care from doctors at the hospital through videoconferencing.
Villagers were going to celebrate the wine festival.
Vilnius is Lithuania's capital.
Vilnius is the capital of Lithuania.
Vincent is making siopao in the kitchen.
Vincent van Gogh killed himself in 1890.
Vincent van Gogh sold only one painting during his lifetime.
Vincent van Gogh was a Dutch painter.
Vincentka is a popular Czech mineral water.
Vincento likes root beer with a hamburger.
Vine leaves in the sun take on colours that change from yellow to all shades red, brown and orange, finally reaching violet.
Vine snakes cast a wary eye in your direction.
Vinegar has a sharp taste.
Vinegar is a good cleaner.
Vinegar is a good descaler and germicide.
Vinegar is a good disinfectant.
Vinegar is an acid.
Vines like the Sun.
Vineyards flourished on the sunny adret slopes.
Vineyards surround the village.
Vinson, who watched the last Purple Martin fledgling leave its nest this week, says naturalists like herself have an important role to play.
Vinyl records are covered in grooves.
Vinyl records are popular with fans of all ages.
Vinyl records have started to become popular again.
Violas are string instruments.
Violating these rules will lead to a perma-ban.
Violators will be fined.
Violators will be ticketed.
Violence against anyone is unacceptable.
Violence against those who think differently won't fix problems.
Violence against women is one of the most frequent violations of human rights worldwide.
Violence and terrorism are now absent in Algeria.
Violence at school is blamed on immigrants.
Violence begets violence.
Violence begins where patience ends.
Violence breeds more violence.
Violence does not pay, and never will.
Violence doesn't solve anything.
Violence erupted all over the city because of the food shortages.
Violence has increased in recent years.
Violence in the name of religion isn't specific to Islam.
Violence increased soon afterward.
Violence is a weak force.
Violence is all around us these days.
Violence is an absence of love.
Violence is everywhere.
Violence is his solution to everything.
Violence is never acceptable.
Violence is never an answer. It's a question and the answer is yes.
Violence is never the answer.
Violence is not the answer.
Violence is on the rise.
Violence is still high in this area of Morocco.
Violence is the cancer of our society.
Violence is the last refuge of incompetence.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Violence is the only answer.
Violence is the only language they understand.
Violence is the only thing that will get through to them.
Violence is the only thing they understand.
Violence isn't Tom's only concern.
Violence isn't common in Algeria.
Violence isn't necessarily the best thing, but sometimes it's a solution.
Violence isn't the answer.
Violence leads to more violence.
Violence makes life in Algeria not worth living.
Violence must be eradicated.
Violence of any kind has no place in Canada.
Violence only begets more violence.
Violence solves everything connected to our existence.
Violence will not be tolerated.
Violent clashes broke out between the protesters and the police.
Violent clashes broke out in Mariupol.
Violent clashes took place between the Serbs and ethnic Albanians.
Violent crime spread into the suburbs.
Violent criminals were often bullies in childhood.
Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims.
Violent fires soon burn out themselves.
Violent movies have always been part of Yanni's life.
Violent words, no matter what their origin or motivation, can lead only to violent deeds.
Violet danced ballet.
Violet light has a shorter wavelength than red light.
Violet wrote a letter once a month.
Violet, her son and her husband have between twenty and thirty sidewalk items decorating their house.
Violets and lavenders do not need much sunlight; they grow better in the shade.
Violets and lilies of the valley do not need much sunlight; they grow well in the shade.
Violets are flowers.
Violin, piano and harp are musical instruments.
Vipers everywhere!
Viral diseases are very hard to treat, because there are no effective drugs against viruses.
Virgilius was fond of books, and pored over them all day long.
Virgilius went to court, and demanded justice from the emperor against the men who had robbed him.
Virgin Mary appeared to Tom in a dream.
Virginia Raggi, who was first elected in 2016, is Rome's first female mayor.
Virginia is one of the latest states to tackle the affordable housing crisis by considering zoning rules to allow denser — and, potentially, more affordable — housing, in any area now zoned for single-family homes.
Virginia resident Andrea Diaz, who grew up in Peru, came up with an unusual way to keep everyone entertained.
Virginia rode about the lanes on her pony, accompanied by the young Duke of Cheshire.
Virginia this year became the eighth state, and the first in the South, to require all electricity to come from renewable sources by 2050. Houston joined more than 160 cities committing to renewable energy. Ridesharing company Lyft said all vehicles in its service would be electric by 2030.
Virginia's eyes grew dim with tears, and she hid her face in her hands.
Virginia, a wife should have no secrets from her husband.
Virginity is lost in intercourse.
Virologists believe COVID originated from a meat market in Wuhan, China.
Virtual currencies are forms of money that are not overseen by governments but are exchanged digitally and controlled by their developers.
Virtual memory is a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels.
Virtual reality blocks out the physical world and transports the user to a simulated world.
Virtual reality is the future.
Virtual visitors can also view hundreds of photos and videos on the museum’s Facebook page, and there’s storytime for kids, and art classes for people of all ages.
Virtually all of the Americans were in favor of the decision.
Virtually all sources of commercial peanut butter in the United States contain minute quantities of aflatoxin.
Virtually every city in the United States has been transformed by waves of immigrants over the past two centuries, but perhaps no other American metropolis represents its ethnic diversity as clearly as does Chicago. The Midwestern giant is a hodgepodge of ethnicity, where old, well-rooted communities thrive side-by-side with new immigrant neighborhoods.
Virtually everyone speaks Berber in Kabylie.
Virtually everyone speaks Tamazight in Kabylie.
Virtually no employers provided their workers with sick days, paid vacation days or health benefits.
Virtually nobody knows that.
Virtually nobody knows this.
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude.
Virtually nothing is known about the capacities of the Algerian army.
Virtually the entire population is infected with one of eight herpes viruses.
Virtue and vice.
Virtue can only flourish amongst equals.
Virtue cannot be squeamish.
Virtue consists, not in abstaining from vice, but in not desiring it.
Virtue does not seek worldly pleasures.
Virtue is a thing that may be taught.
Virtue is insufficient temptation.
Virtue is its own reward.
Virtue is such a thing that even if men were ignorant of it, it would still be worthy of praise for its loveliness.
Virtue renders life happy.
Virtue strives for the stars, fear for death.
Virtue without gold is better than gold without honour.
Virtue, for some, is fearing justice. For many, it's weakness. And for others, calculation.
Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul.
Virtues and girls are most beautiful before knowing that they are beautiful.
Virtues are the vices of the majority.
Virtues should be sisters, the same way vices are brothers.
Virtues! Who knows what virtues are? Not you. Not I. Not anyone.
Virtuosity requires years of daily practice from childhood.
Virtuous people are scarce.
Viruses are much smaller than bacteria.
Viruses jump from host to host.
Viruses spread more easily when the air is dry, as it generally is in winter.
Viruses typically ride on aerosolized droplets, meaning the stuff that comes out of your nose and mouth when you cough and sneeze.
Viruses will exist as long as man.
Visibility and cloud clearance requirements vary depending on airspace class.
Visibility is important for the safety of cyclists and pedestrians.
Visibility was abysmal.
Visibility was close to nothing.
Visibility was less than three metres.
Visibility was severely restricted in the heavy fog.
Visibility wasn't good because of the snow.
Visible from space, the Great Barrier Reef is the largest structure on Earth made by living organisms.
Visible light is the narrow band that human eyes are adapted to see.
Vision is indispensable to a statesman.
Vision is the art of seeing the invisible.
Visions are the archive of the future.
Visions of terror, both in sleep and in waking reveries, recalled to her the form of the furious animal.
Visit "nubo.re", a new website for Esperantists.
Visit Algeria first.
Visit Algeria if you can.
Visit Canada!
Visit Ighzer Amuqran.
Visit me again soon!
Visit me whenever you want.
Visit my Facebook profile.
Visit my webpage and find out more about me.
Visit our help center.
Visit our mosque.
Visit our new place!
Visit our roof terrace with its view across the whole city.
Visit our website for additional information.
Visit our website for more details.
Visit our website to find out more.
Visit our website to learn more.
Visit our website to see the complete list.
Visit the Luxembourg Gardens!
Visit the archaeological remains of the ancient Roman city of Tarraco and let the magic envelope you that is deposited in each of the stones that has been discovered.
Visit the market only when necessary.
Visit us again soon.
Visit us as often as you like.
Visit us online.
Visit us please!
Visit us tomorrow.
Visit us when you be free.
Visit us.
Visit your local mosque.
Visit your neighbourhood.
Visiting Algiers is, for me, a boyhood fantasy coming true.
Visiting Australia was a good experience for me.
Visiting Iraq these days would be unwise.
Visiting Tom was a good idea.
Visiting Tom was a lot of fun.
Visiting Tom was a mistake.
Visiting Victoria, BC, my cousins, uncle, aunt, and I lodged in an ancient bed and breakfast owned by a Chinese family. The floors, walls, and ceilings were brown hardwood.
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
Visiting different countries is interesting.
Visiting different places is interesting.
Visiting hours are almost over.
Visiting hours don't start until eleven.
Visiting one of Shanghai's recently developed parks and green spaces is also exciting!
Visiting people is nicer than being visited.
Visiting the local gun shop was her next step.
Visiting the slave castles in Ghana and seeing the Door of No Return was a surreal experience.
Visiting your country has been a dream I have had for a long time.
Visiting your grave reminds me of the strength and wisdom you instilled in me.
Visitors and guests are welcome.
Visitors are asked not to touch the exhibits.
Visitors are requested not to touch the exhibits.
Visitors are requested not to touch the items on display.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
Visitors are welcome.
Visitors can enjoy wildflowers and roses — the rose is the national flower — along with beautiful stonework, fountains and pools. One area of the National Garden presents plants that attract butterflies. Another has plants native to the mid-Atlantic area.
Visitors can explore the collection indoors, in the glass-and-stone building called the Conservatory, and also outdoors. Next to the Conservatory is the National Garden, which opened in two thousand six.
Visitors can go on guided walks or explore the park themselves using the well-marked paths.
Visitors can see original monster movie posters and props donated by Universal, including the ball and chain that shackled Frankenstein’s reanimated corpse in the 1931 movie.
Visitors can use a newly constructed wooden walkway to admire the tunnels and chambers under the arena that were used by wild animals and human performers before they joined the action in front of large audiences.
Visitors from across the world gathered Thursday in Aswan, Egypt, for a rare glimpse of a unique event that still amazes the world — when the sun rays go inside the corridor of the Abu Simbel temples and perpendicular on the faces of Ramses II, his wife, Queen Nefertari and the god Amun on the back wall.
Visitors from all four corners of the earth gathered on the square in front of the famous building.
Visitors from around the world gathered to count down the final seconds to the New Year.
Visitors from around the world were gathering on the square in front of the famous building.
Visitors get a feel for the colonial lifestyle by watching the costumed interpreters practice ancient crafts, such as blacksmithing and brickmaking, in much the same way they were practiced in 1700s America. People can stop by the apothecary to find out which medicines were used in colonial times or they can check out the milliner for fashionable accessories of the day.
Visitors have limited access to the museum while restoration work is in progress.
Visitors have to wear appropriate shoes, i.e., safety shoes.
Visitors may not feed the animals.
Visitors must not feed the animals.
Visitors often freely roamed the White House grounds.
Visitors shouldn't feed the animals.
Visitors to New York's American Museum of Natural History are not likely to forget their first encounter with the giant blue whale suspended from the ceiling of the Museum's Hall of Ocean Life. But the beloved, 30-meter long icon was anatomically incorrect until a recently-completed renovation to the model, part of the entire Hall's refurbishment, put things right. The renovated exhibition hall, like the whale, better depicts the undersea world, and better reflects the Museum's dedication to conservation.
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
Visitors to that town increase in number year by year.
Visitors to the California city of San Diego can enter a world of elephants, jaguars, camels and other modern animals whose distant cousins lived in North America. The San Diego Zoo's "Elephant Odyssey" is a new exhibit that shows the links between ancient and modern wildlife.
Visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today.
Visitors to the zoo are not allowed to feed the animals.
Visitors usually stay in the lower part of my house.
Visitors were few at the museum.
Visits are by appointment only.
Visual artist Ricardo Santos Hernandez uses art as a form of activism to raise awareness about the plight of Central American and Mexican migrants and U.S. immigration policy.
Visual learners are often helped by visual representations in their own notes.
Visualization, a favorite tool of the psychologist, cannot solve all problems, but many so-called positive thinkers seem to think that it can.
Visualize your entire body.
Visualize your goals to stay motivated.
Visualize yourself on a tropical beach.
Visually inspect and carefully check the product and packaging before use.
Viswanathan (Vishy) Anand (Chennai, December 11, 1969) is an Indian Grand Master. He was named "Indian Sportsman of the Millennium" and got 11 million children in his state, Tamil Nadhu, to study chess at school.
Viswanathan Anand, also known as Vishy Anand, became the first Indian Grand Master in 1988, when he was 18 years old. He is the strongest non-Russian chess player since Bobby Fischer.
Vitamin C is also known as ascorbic acid.
Vitamin C won't suppress freckle formation.
Vitamins are absent from his diet.
Vito and Pino are sons of Salvatore, and they are always fighting.
Vito is a bicycle thief.
Vitya is looking at the map of Russia on the wall.
Viva Maduro!
Viva Maduro.
Viva Ukraine!
Vivaldi wrote a lot of music for the bassoon.
Vive la France!
Vivian Ward turns the tables on some Rodeo Drive saleswomen in the movie "Pretty Woman."
Viviana has important issues to discuss.
Viviparous animals give birth to their young while the oviparous lay eggs.
Vivisection is a shame.
Vivisection is largely forbidden in Europe and Italy.
Vlad is a good lad.
Vladimier can no longer upload on this channel.
Vladimir Nabokov was a Russian-American writer.
Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel agreed to continue consultations both in the bilateral format (through the two nations' Foreign Ministries) and multilaterally to promote the stabilization of the situation in Ukraine.
Vladimir Putin has a macho man persona.
Vladimir Putin hopes to remain President of Russia until 2034.
Vladimir Putin is a judo champion.
Vladimir Putin is my friend.
Vladimir Putin is the current president of Russia.
Vladimir Putin is undethronable.
Vladimir Putin publicly displays his affection for wild animals.
Vladimir Putin said he had not been misquoted but mistranslated when he had characterized an American presidential nominee as “flamboyant.” A British newspaper had incorrectly translated that word as “brilliant”, and that report misled the candidate into assuming the Russian president had meant brilliant in an intellectual sense — a mistake the paper later corrected.
Vladimir Putin said that in the event of an escalation of violence against the Russian-speaking population in Crimea and the eastern regions of Ukraine, Russia could not hold back and would take the measures necessary within the framework of international law.
Vladimir Putin wants everyone to think he's a manly man.
Vladimir Putin was a KGB spy.
Vladimir Putin was born on October 7, 1952.
Vladimir Putin was filmed riding a horse shirtless.
Vladimir Putin will surely wear a suit and tie when he visits the White House.
Vladimir accidentally drops the shovel.
Vladimir accidentally fell and scraped Anna's arm with his pen.
Vladimir accidentally touched Anna's bag.
Vladimir acted like a child.
Vladimir acted like a complete moron in front of his ex.
Vladimir acted so rashly.
Vladimir admitted that he had actually saw the ghost himself.
Vladimir admitted the house was haunted.
Vladimir almost threw up from his stepmother's fake sweetness.
Vladimir almost wet his pants.
Vladimir always has hiccups.
Vladimir always loses track.
Vladimir and Anna are two stupid people who deserve each other.
Vladimir and Anna argued very single day.
Vladimir and Anna communicate via walkie-talkie.
Vladimir and Anna competed in math.
Vladimir and Anna jumped apart as Yuri walked in.
Vladimir and Anna kissed in public.
Vladimir and Anna lip-synced karaoke together.
Vladimir and Anna met every day.
Vladimir and Anna planned a vacation together.
Vladimir and Anna rode the Ferris wheel.
Vladimir and Anna spent the whole day together.
Vladimir and Anna still talk about that even though it's a touchy subject.
Vladimir and Anna was in the same class at school.
Vladimir and Anna watched a lovely sunset.
Vladimir and Anna were a passionate couple.
Vladimir and Anna were at least fourteen years apart.
Vladimir and Anna were completely in love.
Vladimir and Anna would fight often.
Vladimir and Martha have been feuding for so long.
Vladimir and his brother were cleaning up.
Vladimir and his little brother shared a bedroom.
Vladimir and his siblings agreed there was an intruder in the house.
Vladimir answered angrily.
Vladimir answered timidly.
Vladimir apologized for his intrusion.
Vladimir appeared in my dream.
Vladimir appeared with a red cloth and started to distract the bull away from Anna.
Vladimir arrived at a clearing.
Vladimir arrived at the new camp.
Vladimir asked Anna stupid questions.
Vladimir asked Anna to come with him to collect wood.
Vladimir asked Anna to leave his house.
Vladimir asked Anna to rub his feet.
Vladimir asked Martha some questions sympathetically.
Vladimir asked to be left alone.
Vladimir asked what happened.
Vladimir asks for so many things all the time.
Vladimir ate alone.
Vladimir attended a Yennayer party with us.
Vladimir avoids holding hands.
Vladimir barely passed school.
Vladimir became a famous singer.
Vladimir believes in social Darwinism.
Vladimir bent down and kissed Anna on the lips.
Vladimir blocked his ears with his fingers.
Vladimir blushed as Anna spoke.
Vladimir blushed with anger.
Vladimir booked it back to his cabin.
Vladimir bought Anna flowers.
Vladimir bought Skura a stunning white pony.
Vladimir bought more of Anna's work.
Vladimir bought the same clothes in a different color.
Vladimir bowed his head down and smiled.
Vladimir breathed very weakly.
Vladimir broke into Anna’s locker.
Vladimir broke into my house again.
Vladimir broke up with Anna on the phone.
Vladimir broke up with his girlfriend.
Vladimir brought his Ouija board.
Vladimir burnt the Ouija board.
Vladimir burnt the empty folder.
Vladimir called Anna's name from upstairs.
Vladimir called the cops and informed them of what was going on.
Vladimir called the cops on Anna.
Vladimir came across Anna sleeping on the floor in the living room.
Vladimir came and sat down on Anna's bed.
Vladimir came closer to me with his smelly breath.
Vladimir came five years after Anna.
Vladimir came in and asked if he could charge his phone.
Vladimir came out first.
Vladimir came out of the jungle.
Vladimir came outside and was immediately picked up by his mother.
Vladimir came rushing to us with a phone in hand.
Vladimir came to clean up the dining table.
Vladimir came to have a heart-to-heart conversation with Anna.
Vladimir came to live with us for some time.
Vladimir came to the village to watch us dance.
Vladimir can barely see anything in his rear-view mirror.
Vladimir can only do this in the afternoon.
Vladimir can't bear to touch mud.
Vladimir can't even draw a circle.
Vladimir carried a pistol under the seat of his car.
Vladimir carried the heavy log.
Vladimir caught Martha snooping around Yuri's stuff.
Vladimir changed drastically, not for the better.
Vladimir changed his clothes several times.
Vladimir cleaned the blood off his face.
Vladimir cleaned up after himself and made his bed.
Vladimir climbed all the way to the rooftop.
Vladimir climbed back into the room.
Vladimir climbed forty flights of stairs.
Vladimir climbed the stairs to Anna's room.
Vladimir closed the curtain.
Vladimir comforted the little girl and that melted my heart.
Vladimir commented on every picture of Martha.
Vladimir considers Darwinism as a religion.
Vladimir constantly scolded Martha.
Vladimir continued into the kitchen.
Vladimir continued to tend the cows.
Vladimir continued towards the stairs.
Vladimir could barely recognize his mother.
Vladimir could still feel something.
Vladimir couldn't control his tears as the little girl smiled at him.
Vladimir couldn't escape Anna's all-seeing eyes.
Vladimir couldn't get Anna out of his mind.
Vladimir couldn't make out what that food was.
Vladimir couldn't string two Berber words together.
Vladimir covered the hole.
Vladimir cracked the window open.
Vladimir crawled back to the house.
Vladimir crossed a frozen river.
Vladimir crossed the bridge in a truck.
Vladimir crushed the cockroach to death.
Vladimir curled up in bed.
Vladimir danced to the rhythm of the Latin music.
Vladimir decided not to sell the cows.
Vladimir decided to completely change his appearance.
Vladimir decided to leave the prom.
Vladimir decided to pack up and explore the area.
Vladimir decided to skip the rest of school that day.
Vladimir deemed Anna old enough to stay home alone.
Vladimir definitely felt uneasy.
Vladimir demanded more answers from Anna.
Vladimir deserves to go to the prison. Not Tom.
Vladimir destroyed Anna’s garden.
Vladimir destroyed the folder.
Vladimir did a U-turn on the road.
Vladimir did a few films in Algeria.
Vladimir didn't believe in anything paranormal.
Vladimir didn't care that much about looks.
Vladimir didn't drink the mock champagne entirely because he had diabetes.
Vladimir didn't encounter Anna on the way.
Vladimir didn't have time to eat.
Vladimir didn't really speak Berber all that well.
Vladimir didn't remember life after he was forty.
Vladimir didn't take the hint.
Vladimir didn't use the outhouse.
Vladimir didn't want Anna to end up in prison.
Vladimir didn't want his sister and Yuri to get closer.
Vladimir didn't want to be hit.
Vladimir didn't want to be tortured.
Vladimir didn't want to go there unannounced.
Vladimir discreetly handed Anna the letter.
Vladimir dismissed the noise as the wind.
Vladimir disregarded the warning lights and kept driving.
Vladimir doesn't need Yuri's protection.
Vladimir doesn't remember the exact question.
Vladimir doesn't respect Anna's boundaries.
Vladimir doesn't speak Berber very well.
Vladimir doesn’t like holding grudges.
Vladimir donated a kidney to Anna.
Vladimir dragged Anna across the floor by her feet.
Vladimir dragged the log across the field.
Vladimir drew Anna a bubble bath.
Vladimir drew an Algerian flag on Anna's cast.
Vladimir dropped out of school to become a herder.
Vladimir dropped the bottle and picked it up.
Vladimir dropped the bottle in the hallway.
Vladimir dropped the log.
Vladimir drove quickly to the office.
Vladimir dug the corpse up.
Vladimir eagerly studied for the Berber test.
Vladimir ended up doing illegal stuff.
Vladimir ended up moving out of that house when he was twenty-four.
Vladimir fainted from exhaustion.
Vladimir faked amnesia.
Vladimir faked his amnesia.
Vladimir farted and he stank the place up.
Vladimir fell and bruised his arm.
Vladimir fell asleep on the couch, resting his head on his dad's knees.
