A black cat cut across his path.
A black cat eats a white mouse.
A black cat is eating a white mouse.
A black cat ran between them.
A black cat saved my life.
A black coat is in fashion this winter.
A black coffin lay on the ground.
A black crocodile, troubling his rest, grabbed him suddenly by his rough and heavy foot.
A black darkness is an example of a pleonasm.
A black dog is lying under the table.
A black dog was standing behind Leonid.
A black figure was running straight at Gunter.
A black hole in the center of the M87 galaxy in the constellation Virgo, which is 50 million light-years away, has been calculated to have a mass equal to that of 3 billion Suns!
A black hole is an area of such immense gravity that nothing—not even light—can escape from it.
A black kite flew in and inspected the building being constructed near the park.
A black limo rounded the corner with a squeal of tires.
A black limousine went round the corner, tyres screeching.
A black panther can be a jaguar or a leopard, but in both cases it has a gene that makes it produce more melanin than other individuals of the species.
A black panther can be a jaguar or leopard, but in either case it has a gene that causes it to produce more melanin than other specimens.
A black race, they had thick lips, flattened noses and frizzy hair resembling, in these ways, the blacks now living on Earth.
A black shadow suddenly appeared and disappeared in the corner of the room.
A black stone captured a white stone and was left with only one liberty after the white stone was removed from the board. On the next move, if a white stone occupied that same spot, now empty, it would capture that black stone, but this was not allowed, because playing such a move would repeat the last position on the board.
A black suit would suit me very well.
A black toga trails over the marble hall.
A black vulture is hovering in the sky.
A blackberry picker picks 25 buckets a day.
A blackbird is nesting in the hedge.
A blackboard doesn't have to be black.
A blackboard had been covered with math equations, which the teacher was explaining, using a machete as a pointer. Above the blackboard was a motto, probably intended to be inspirational: "Studying and following Uncle Ho's words, our hearts are brighter!"
A blank CD costs less than one real.
A blank check? You only see those in movies.
A blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement.
A blast of cold air came through the door.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
A blender lets you mix different foods together.
A bletted medlar is really soft.
A bletted medlar is wrinkly.
A blind man asks only for one eye, but would rejoice if he got two.
A blind man can't play cards.
A blind man shouldn't play cards.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
A blind person’s hearing is often very acute.
A blister rose on one of her left fingers.
A blizzard is an example of extreme weather conditions.
A blizzard is approaching.
A blizzard is coming in from the east.
A blizzard of golfing magazines, golf equipment, golf clothing and jewelry, golf tournaments on TV—even a nationwide, twenty-four-hour golf channel on cable television—rode the golfing wave.
A block of flats is being built next door, which will ruin our view.
A blockade can be a legitimate tool in a democracy.
A blockade was imposed on the enclave.
A blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger where transactions are recorded, verified and become permanent and immutable.
A blockchain is a decentralized digital ledger.
A blockchain is a growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography.
A blonde girl is coming to meet him.
A blonde is speaking to her psychiatrist.
A blood clot in a deep vein of the leg, pelvis, and sometimes arm, is called deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
A blood clot is good when it occurs on the skin and bad when it occurs within the body.
A blood transfusion is necessary.
A blood vessel broke in my eye.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
A blood-pressure band, or tourniquet, is placed about the arm, and the pressure increased until the forearm becomes cyanosed and the radial pulse is almost obliterated.
A blood-stained knife had been found at the scene of the crime.
A bloodied knife was found at the crime scene.
A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to the establishment of a constitutional monarchy.
A bloodstained knife was recovered at the crime scene.
A bloodthirsty creature named Grendel ravages the great mead hall of King Hrothgar.
A bloody knife was discovered at the crime scene.
A bloody spectacle was expected, but the lions didn't attack Tom. However, when a soldier approached, they immediately fell upon him and devoured him.
A blow from a falling stone killed him.
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword.
A blue diamond, one of the rarest gems in the world, was sold for almost $8 million. That makes it the most expensive gemstone in the world, per carat, sold at an auction.
A blue elephant's ears are as big as the ones of a pink elephant.
A blue moon is the second full moon in the same month – something that happens only every 2½ or three years.
A blue substance was injected into Boldi's body.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are essential for all male workers.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are required for all male employees.
A blue suit, white shirt and red tie are required for all male workers.
A blue-green kite is flying above the forest.
A blush came over her face.
A blush still mantled on Lucy Ashton's beautiful cheek.
A boa is very dangerous, and an elephant is very bulky.
A boar is a wild pig.
A boat capsized.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
A boat takes me out on an excursion; I watch the city shrink in the distance.
A boat went straight into a rock.
A body can get used to anything, even to being hanged, as the Irishman said.
A body of researchers funded by Frito-Lay are attempting to compile a list of bite-size snack foods through which the body and blood of Christ can transubstantiate.
A body with negative buoyancy will sink in water.
A bodyguard is a person whose job it is to guard the body, and therefore the life, of another person.
A boil appeared on me.
A bold man has half the world.
A bold man owns half the world.
A bolt of lightning flashed within the eyes of the little man.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
A bolt of lightning shot out from the clouds.
A bomb always hits ground zero.
A bomb from the time of World War II has exploded at a building site in Germany, killing at least one person.
A bomb killed three people in Boston.
A bomb was all we needed.
A bomb went off.
A bone got stuck in my throat.
A bone says to a dog: be careful, I'm hard. The dog answers: it does not matter because I have nothing else to do.
A bone stuck in my throat.
A book I happened to come across at a secondhand bookstore has now become my favorite.
A book about dancing is lying on the desk.
A book about popular-song writing recommends clichés.
A book came for you in the mail today.
A book came for you in the post today.
A book can be compared to a friend.
A book can be exciting.
A book can be thrilling.
A book can change your life.
A book can excite.
A book descriptive of the wonders of nature.
A book dropped from the shelf.
A book fell from the shelf and landed squarely on its face.
A book has pages.
A book is a gift they can open again and again.
A book is a kind of friend.
A book is a wonderful gift.
A book is always an acceptable gift.
A book is lying on the desk.
A book is made of paper.
A book is on the table.
A book is only excusable so far as it teaches something.
A book is open on the desk.
A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic.
A book not worth reading is not worth buying in the first place.
A book such as this restores the hope that the spirit of humor has not wholly perished from the earth.
A book used to be worth its weight in silver, if not gold.
A book washed ashore.
A book which, above all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalogue of forbidden books.
A book which, more than all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalog of the forbidden books.
A book without a foreword is like a body without a soul.
A book without a preface is like a body without a soul.
A book without a prologue is like a body without a soul.
A book without preface is like a body without a soul.
A book worth reading is worth reading twice.
A book, a notebook, and a pen were lying on the table.
A book, if read through, may be said to be cheaper than anything else.
A book, like a landscape, is a state of consciousness varying with readers.
A bookkeeper computes all the company's income and expenses each week.
A bookkeeper computes all the company’s income and expenses each week.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
A bookstore in that location wouldn’t make enough money to survive.
A border war with Eritrea in the late 1990s ended with a peace treaty in December 2000.
A border war with Peru that flared in 1995 was resolved in 1999.
A bore is a person who talks when you wish him to listen.
A boss can never become a true friend.
A botfly is an insect.
A bottle of alcohol started moving on its own.
A bottle of beer isn't enough to quench your thirst.
A bottle of cold mineral water would do nicely now.
A bottle of red wine, please.
A bottle of rosÃ©, please.
A bottle of rosé, please.
A bottle of shampoo costs as much as a tube of toothpaste.
A bottle of the wine was left.
A bottle of water goes for 5 francs in Bastions Park!
A bottle of water, please.
A bottle of wine makes a great gift for Adriano.
A bottle of wine, please.
A bottle water and two cups, please.
A boulder landed closer to Ziri.
A bouncer opened the door.
A bouncer threw Tom out of the bar.
A bout lasts about five minutes.
A boutique-owner in Harare, Rachel Chikwewo, says overall Africa's first football World Cup is a source of gratification for the entire continent.
A bow is no use without arrows.
A bow is nothing without arrows.
A bow stretched too far will break.
A bow that is always extended does not resist, it breaks soon.
A bowl of breakfast cereal is an example of a heterogeneous mixture because it does not have a uniform, predictable composition throughout; for instance, one spoonful might be teeming with crunchy morsels, while the next may just have plain old milk.
A bowl of rice is about 180 grams.
A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew.
A bowl of rice weighs about 180 grams.
A box hit my left temple.
A box of supplies arrived every week.
A boxer and an actor are coming toward us.
A boxer regained his consciousness ten minutes after he was knocked-out.
A boy and a girl are sitting on the fence.
A boy and a girl came in. I spoke to the boy, who seemed to be older than the girl.
A boy asked Mary to dance.
A boy came running toward me.
A boy came running towards me.
A boy can dream, right?
A boy cannot be a girl and a girl cannot be a boy.
A boy having sold a cow at the fair at Hereford, was way-laid by a highwayman, who at a convenient place demanded the money; on this the boy took to his heels and ran away but being overtaken by the highwayman, who dismounted, he pulled the money out of his pocket and strewed it about, and while the highwayman was picking it up, the boy jumped upon the horse and rode home.
A boy in a cape, pretending to be Superman, jumped off a building last night.
A boy is a kid.
A boy is a male child.
A boy is an adolescent between 14 and 20, while a girl is an adolescent between 12 and 18.
A boy is asleep in bed.
A boy is running.
A boy is taking his sweet time pushing the cart toward the curb.
A boy is throwing a stone.
A boy is walking across the street.
A boy like Tom doesn't deserve a girl like Mary.
A boy made off with some money.
A boy named Tom called.
A boy named Tom came to see you.
A boy named Tom helped me.
A boy named Tom told me.
A boy named Tom was killed.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
A boy of seventeen is usually as tall as his father.
A boy on the bus gets up to offer his seat to an old woman.
A boy on the bus is getting up to offer an old woman his seat.
A boy on the bus is getting up to offer his seat to an old woman.
A boy on the bus stands up to offer his seat to an old woman.
A boy plays and falls down.
A boy ran off with some money.
A boy ran up to me.
A boy risked death to protest.
A boy runs.
A boy sat in a highchair and ate lunch.
A boy saw a dog. And then this child got happy because of the dog.
A boy should be circumcised to look like his father.
A boy sleeping in bed seems to be an angel.
A boy snatched my purse as he rode by on his bicycle.
A boy spoke to me.
A boy stood by to run errands for her.
A boy was beating the drum.
A boy was driving a flock of sheep.
A boy was giving out newspapers in the rain.
A boy was throwing stones at the dog.
A boy was walking with his hands in his pockets.
A boy who sees a squirrel without a place to hide from him who turns to run away decides to chase it.
A boy who, on his way from one classroom to another, from the dayroom to the cricket field, and the library to the chapel, has always before him the silent grey-brown witnesses of continuity and tradition, cannot help thinking often consciously, and unconsciously times without number: “all this was going on two hundred years ago and, without any very considerable alteration, it will be going on two hundred hence.”
A boy with a toy sword is leaning against the hundred-fold worship stone pillar.
A boy with a toy sword is leaning against the o-hyakudo-ishi, the stone of a hundredfold prayers.
A boy with a toy sword was playing by himself.
A boy your age ought to behave well.
A boy's appetite grows very fast.
A bracelet is a good gift for my sister.
A branch scratched me. It burns a little bit.
A brand name does not constitute a guarantee of quality.
A brand name does not guarantee quality.
A brand name is not synonymous with quality.
A brand new computer was waiting for John in the room.
A brand new telescope is being built here.
A brass band is marching along the street.
A brass band was playing at the celebration in the beer tent.
A brat who is afraid to be hurt isn't qualified to love someone.
A brave sailor drowned at sea.
A brawl broke out between Dan and a co-worker.
A brawl is breaking out in the stands.
A break from discussions will gives us time to gather more information.
A break in the dam almost caused a flood.
A breakdown in the negotiations will mean war.
A breech birth means that the baby is born buttocks or feet first.
A breeze began to blow.
A breeze is blowing.
A breeze of cold air was pouring in.
A breeze stirred the leaves.
A brewery we finance has made a new sweet sake and brought some to us asking us to try it.
A bricklayer uses bricks and cement.
A bride is a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
A bridge collapsed in Genoa, Italy, killing 39.
A bridge collapsed in Genoa, Italy.
A bridge crosses the river further to the north.
A bridge further north spans the river.
A bridge gives access to the island.
A bridge was built across the river.
A brief comment will be enough.
A brief explanation should be enough.
A brief explanation should be sufficient.
A brief history of the schools follows below.
A bright beautiful face glanced out at the window, and vanished--a light footstep was heard--and Mary came tripping forth to meet us.
A bright child is curious about life and reality.
A bright fire was glowing in the old-fashioned Waterloo stove.
A bright future was predicted for him.
A bright idea came to me.
A bright idea occurred to me.
A bright light came on.
A bright light flashed outside the camper window.
A bright light flashed.
A bright meteor lit up the sky above Tokyo.
A bright red ladybird landed on my fingertip.
A bright red ladybug landed on my fingertip.
A bright red pustule began forming on Haziq's nose during dinner.
A brightly coloured goldfinch was drinking water from the stream.
A brilliant career awaited her.
A brilliant career awaited him.
A brilliant future lay before him.
A brilliant future stretched out before him.
A brilliant, seductive chef turns to espionage in Napoleon-era France.
A broad river runs through the city.
A broken clock is right twice a day.
A broken jackscrew can bring down an entire plane.
A broken mirror brings bad luck.
A broken roof tile fell next to us.
A broken-down car was standing in the middle of the road.
A broken-down lorry is blocking traffic in both directions.
A brood mare is a female horse used for breeding.
A brook winds its way through the fields.
A brother and a sister played next to a well.
A brother is like a shoulder.
A brother's brother is a brother's brother's brother's brother to another brother's brother.
A brown dwarf is a celestial object, in which fusion occurs, but that is not massive enough to fuse hydrogen.
A browser ignores any indentations or blank lines in the source text.
A brutal man has half the world.
A bucket list is a list of things that people want to do before they die.
A bucket list is a list of things that you want to do before you die.
A bucket list is a list of things to do before you die.
A bucket list is a list of things you want to do before you die.
A bucket of water and a cloth, that's all that's needed here!
A bucket of water and a cloth, that's all you need here!
A budget deficit is developing in Algeria.
A budget deficit must be financed somehow.
A budget deficit will occur because of a revenue shortfall.
A budget is a plan or schedule adjusting expenses during a certain period to the estimated or fixed income for that period.
A budget is a statement of values.
A buffalo is akin to an ox.
A bug bit me.
A bug flew into the window.
A bug hit the window.
A bug on the Macintosh version of the Flash software allows malicious websites to covertly eavesdrop on visitors using their webcam and microphone.
A building collapsed due to a gas leak.
A building collapsed in Cairo.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colorless block of offices that takes its place, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
A building with high ceilings and huge rooms may be less practical than the colourless office block which replaces it, but it often fits in well with its surroundings.
A building, before it can be constructed, has to be visualized hundreds of times in the mind of an architect.
A bulbous man and a rail-thin man ate happily at a table in the corner, and you could tell they were a couple.
A bulbous man sat at a table in the corner.
A bull can pull a plow or a car. But today in many countries, you no longer need a bull to help pull something.
A bull giraffe is massively built.
A bull in shorts has escaped.
A bull is male and a cow is female.
A bull with short trousers has escaped accused of stealing.
A bull with short trousers has escaped.
A bull, a cow and a calf are grazing in the meadow.
A bull, stimulated either by the scarlet colour of Miss Ashton's mantle, or by one of those fits of capricious ferocity to which their dispositions are liable, detached himself suddenly from the group which was feeding at the upper extremity of a grassy glade, that seemed to lose itself among the crossing and entangled boughs. The animal approached the intruders on his pasture ground, at first slowly, pawing the ground with his hoof, bellowing from time to time, and tearing up the sand with his horns, as if to lash himself up to rage and violence.
A bulldozer lifts part of a statue of king Ramses II found in northern Cairo, Egypt.
A bulldozer was brought in to make the road flat.
A bulldozer was used to level the lane.
A bulldozer was used to level the way.
A bullet does not kill the same bird twice.
A bullet flew inside.
A bullet grazed Tom's head.
A bullet pierced the helmet.
A bullet went through Ziri's head.
A bullseye in a windshield is easy to fix.
A bullseye in a windshield is easy to repair.
A bullseye in a windshield is repairable.
A bullseye in your windshield isn't a big deal.
A bullseye in your windshield isn't a huge deal.
A bully gave Tom a swirly.
A bully used a lighter to burn his hair.
A bum is someone who doesn't pretend to work.
A bumblebee flew in.
A bumblebee flew out the window.
A bumblebee stung me on my knuckle.
A bunch for rich kids walked by Ziri’s table.
A bunch of black monsters came rushing at Boldi.
A bunch of children ran after the rabbit.
A bunch of grapes can weigh up to two kilograms.
A bunch of kids came storming into the house.
A bunch of nonsense!
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A bunch of people thrust their way toward the rear exit.
A bunch of people told me not to eat there.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
A bunch of police cars came to Bruno's house.
A bunch of policemen arrived and surrounded those guys.
A bunch of sick sociopaths tried to destroy our work on this website.
A bunch of sociopaths tried to steal my work on this website.
A bunch of specialists were here yesterday.
A bunch of things come in one hand; another, in another hand.
A bunch of weirdos arrived at the door.
A bunker won't protect you from viruses.
A burden is light on another's shoulders.
A burden that one loves is only half as heavy.
A burglar broke in while he was asleep.
A burglar broke in.
A burglar broke into Sami's home.
A burglar broke into Sami's store.
A burglar broke into Tom's home last Monday night.
A burglar broke into Tom's house last night.
A burglar broke into his house.
A burglar broke into my apartment yesterday.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
A burglar broke into our house last night.
A burglar broke into the bank last night.
A burglar broke into the convenience store last month, but I heard the police caught him yesterday.
A burglar broke into the house.
A burglar broke into the shop last night.
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.
A burglar broke into your house while you were away on vacation.
A burglar killed Bill.
A burglar killed Tom.
A burglar made away with my wife's diamond ring.
A burglar made away with my wife’s diamond ring.
A buried treasure was found inside the ancient tomb.
A burning meteoroid produces a meteor.
A burnt child dreads fire.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
A burnt child fears the fire.
A burrito can be customized.
A burrito is a handheld meal.
A bus almost hit me.
A bus blocked the road.
A bus carrying journalists was attacked in Rio as it passed near the "City of God" favela.
A bus comes every 30 minutes.
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
A bus got in the way.
A bus is arriving.
A bus is coming.
A bus is parked on our street.
A bus leaves every 20 minutes.
A bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
A bus pulled up in front of the hotel.
A bus stop is a place where a bus lets passengers in and out.
A bus transported us from the airport to the city.
A bus was blocking the bridge.
A business cycle is a recurring succession of periods of prosperity and periods of depression.
A business is not a charity.
A business isn't a charity.
A businessman is working out some figures with a calculator.
A businessman who reads Business Week is lost to fame. One who reads Proust is marked for greatness.
A businesswoman by day, Natasja leads a nightlife unfit for print.
A busker plays to lunchtime shoppers outside a Thai restaurant.
A busser is a person who clears tables in a restaurant.
A bust of Aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway.
A butane cylinder weighs 35 kg.
A butcher deals in meat.
A butler opened the door for John.
A butter churn is just one type of wooden tub which the Scots refer to as a sae.
A butterfly cannot turn into a lion.
A butterfly flaps its wings in Brazil, the weather changes in Japan.
A butterfly has settled on the flower.
A butterfly is a mature caterpillar.
A butterfly is settled on the flower.
A butterfly!
A butterfly's wing contains many details.
A butterfly: a thought that flies.
A butterfly’s wing contains many details.
A button came off my coat.
A button came off my shirt.
A button came off when I was playing baseball.
A button fell off my coat.
A button from his overcoat fell off.
A button has come off my coat.
A button has come off my raincoat.
A button has come off my shirt.
A button has come off the coat.
A button is missing.
A button on your shirt is falling off.
A button's fallen off the jacket.
A buyers' market is a market in which goods are plentiful, buyers have a wide range of choices, and prices are low.
A buyers’ market is a market in which goods are plentiful, buyers have a wide range of choices, and prices are low.
A buzzard is circling overhead.
A by-election will be held in this constituency in a month's time.
A bypass allows more blood to flow to the heart.
A bystander captured it on video.
A bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone.
A byte was originally the number of bits required to represent a single character of text.
A cab crashed into a train this Wednesday.
A cab is waiting.
A cabbage is a familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head.
A cabinet is a cupboard used for displaying things.
A cable car is a type of vehicle.
A cacophony is a mix of loud sounds.
A cacophony is a mixture of grating noises.
A cafe overlooks the mill pond.
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.
A caged bird represents a suppression of some urge or drive.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
A cake was frosted.
A calamity was avoided by sheer luck.
A calculative person, aren't they.
A calculator is more efficient than an abacus.
A calculator may be used during the test.
A calendar is available.
A caliper is an instrument for measuring thickness and internal or external diameters inaccessible to a scale or a ruler.
A call for help rang through the night.
A call vibrates in stray wind.
A calm mind enhances your natural glow.
A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor.
A camel can drink up to one hundred liters of water.
A camel can store a large amount of fat in the hump on its back.
A camel can store a large amount of water in the hump on its back.
A camel doesn't make fun of another's hump.
A camel is a gentle and pleasant tame beast whereof there are plenty in Africa especially in the Deserts of Libya, Numidia and Barbary by which Africans estimate their own wealth.
A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
A camel is tall, but a giraffe is taller.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
A camel spider won't kill you if it bites you.
A camera suddenly flashed.
A camera trap enables us to look at wildlife without them knowing about it.
A camouflage ski mask covered Ziri's face.
A campaign is underway throughout the company to achieve economy in the use of copying paper.
A campfire is burning.
A campfire will keep you warm.
A camping trip would be a great break from the hustle and bustle of the city.
A can of beer tastes better after a day of hard work.
A can of beer tastes better after a hard day's work.
A canal flowed between two rows of houses.
A canary in a coal mine served as an early warning system for carbon monoxide or other toxic gasses.
A canary is a small bird and people sometimes keep it as a pet.
A canary is a small bird, and people sometimes keep it as a pet.
A candle lighted the room.
A candle lit the room.
A candle sat in the middle of the basement.
A candle was burning in the candlestick.
A candle without a wick is no candle at all.
A candlelit dinner.
A candy cane can easily be made into a weapon.
A canine unit was used to search for Miroslav.
A canny one, I do contend, simply tips their glass on end.
A capacitor allows current to flow through empty space.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
A cappella concerts are being held on campuses around the country, and many are sold out, packed tighter than sporting events.
A captain controls his ship and its crew.
A captain is above a sergeant.
A captain is in charge of his ship and its crew.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones' locker with his ship.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones's locker with his ship.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones’ locker with his ship.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones’s locker with his ship.
A captive bolt pistol is typically used to stun cattle before slaughter.
A capturing stone may have no liberty until the stones it captures are removed.
A car accident is not fun.
A car almost hit Tom.
A car appeared out of nowhere.
A car arrived.
A car blocked Fadil's fall and survived.
A car came close to hitting Tom.
A car came hurtling towards us.
A car cut in.
A car drew up at the main gate.
A car drew up in front of my house.
A car drove over a puddle and splashed us all.
A car drove past.
A car drove up to the van.
A car has a steering wheel.
A car has one steering wheel.
A car hit Tom and he died.
A car hit Tom in the crosswalk.
A car hit Tom while he was crossing the street.
A car hit Tom.
A car hit her.
A car hit him.
A car hit one of Tom's dogs.
A car hit them.
A car in itself is neither good nor bad; it depends on the driver.
A car in the parking lot is on fire.
A car is a handy thing to own.
A car is a machine for turning fuel into obesity.
A car is a means of locomotion.
A car is a means of transportation.
A car is a means of travel.
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.
A car is a vehicle.
A car is convenient, to be sure, but, after all, it will prove expensive.
A car is faster than a bicycle.
A car is following us.
A car is going down the road.
A car is in the street.
A car is leaving the parking lot.
A car is not something I must have.
A car is on the street.
A car is outside.
A car licence can be held from age 18.
A car lying on its side blocked the passage.
A car must be regularly serviced.
A car nearly hit Tom.
A car passed by at top speed.
A car passed by in the dark.
A car passed me.
A car pulled in nearly in front of us.
A car ran him over.
A car ran over him.
A car sprayed dirty water on my pants.
A car stopped at the entrance.
A car stopped in front of Gabor, at the wheel of which was Olivia.
A car stopped in front of me.
A car stopped outside the main entrance.
A car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you.
A car was blocking the gateway.
A car was chasing Edmundo’s Ford Focus.
A car was coming in this direction.
A car was coming through the window.
A car went by at terrific speed.
A car went by.
A car went over a puddle and splashed all of us.
A car whizzed around the corner.
A car with a dented fender drove by.
A car with a dented fender drove past.
A car with a dented wing drove by.
A car with a lone driver passed by.
A car without its lights on was following Lukas.
A car's coming.
A car, a bicycle, an airplane, a boat, and a train are all means of transportation.
A car, an airplane, and a computer are all machines.
A car, you say! He can't even afford to buy a sack of onions.
A caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert.
A carbon footprint is the amount of carbon dioxide pollution that we produce as a result of our activities. Some people try to reduce their carbon footprint because they are concerned about climate change.
A carcase is not a box for a motorized vehicle.
A carcass has been found in the urban park.
A card deck consists of four suits: diamonds, hearts, clubs and spades.
A card was attached to the gift.
A careful analysis of the process of observation in atomic physics has shown that the subatomic particles have no meaning as isolated entities, but can only be understood as interconnections between the preparation of an experiment and the subsequent measurement.
A careful observation will show you the difference.
A careful reader will note that the moral of Animal Farm isn't that communism is bad, but that if the workers get complacent, it could end up just becoming another form of capitalism.
A careful reader would have noticed the mistake.
A careless driver crashed into our car.
A careless driver hit our car.
A careless man often makes mistakes.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
A caress, a word, an image, each life experience leaves a mark on the brain.
A cargo ship lost power and crashed into the Baltimore Bridge.
A cargo vessel, bound for Athens, sank in the Mediterranean without a trace.
A caricature has just one meaning.
A carpenter is someone who works with wood.
A carriage was waiting to convey her home.
A carrot is a healthy snack.
A carry-on bag is essential for travel.
A cart with four horses is not able to overtake the human tongue.
A cartoon depiction of a sad frog that has become a popular Internet "meme" is now considered a hate symbol.
A case in West Virginia established that acquittal discharges a person from guilt, a pardon only from punishment.
A case of pneumonia at a hospital in Bergamo province in late February was not recognized as coronavirus at the time.
A cast of the world’s largest dinosaur, the titanosaur, found in Argentina, soon will cast its gaze over future visitors to the main hall of the Field museum.
A castle once stood on this spot. However, it was burnt out in a fire and had to be torn down.
A castle stands a little way up the hill.
A casual remark can hurt someone.
A cat abhors a vacuum.
A cat always lands on its feet, even if upside down when dropped.
A cat always lands on its feet.
A cat and a dog are playing.
A cat appeared from behind the curtain.
A cat appeared from under the desk.
A cat applies saliva to its paws to groom its face.
A cat ate my mouse.
A cat came into the veranda.
A cat came onto the balcony.
A cat came out from under the car.
A cat came out from under the desk.
A cat came out of the basket.
A cat can carry up to four pounds of spy equipment.
A cat can carry up to two kilograms of spy equipment.
A cat can see in the dark.
A cat can see much better at night.
A cat contrasts with a dog well.
A cat dashed out of the room.
A cat doesn't accept a master.
A cat entered through the veranda.
A cat got in through the open window.
A cat got out from under the car.
A cat has a tail and four legs.
A cat has been on the table.
A cat has nine lives.
A cat has no morals.
A cat has seven lives.
A cat has two ears.
A cat in gloves catches no mice.
A cat is a delight.
A cat is a miniature lion that loves mice, hates dogs and tolerates humans.
A cat is an unfaithful servant which we only keep by necessity.
A cat is asleep on a chair.
A cat is asleep on the chair.
A cat is eating a mouse near the bed.
A cat is like a human being.
A cat is lying in the sun.
A cat is lying on the sofa.
A cat is meowing on the roof.
A cat is not a human being!
A cat is not a person!
A cat is not a person.
A cat is not human.
A cat is on the roof.
A cat is on the table.
A cat is sitting on the chair.
A cat is sleeping on a chair.
A cat is sleeping on the chair.
A cat is sleeping over there.
A cat is walking on the roof.
A cat is wandering about on the roof.
A cat is wandering about the roof.
A cat is warming my feet.
A cat is warming my foot.
A cat jumped onto the chair and lay motionless.
A cat just came out of the basket.
A cat lay at full length on the roof.
A cat licks itself to keep its body cool.
A cat licks itself to lubricate its skin and fur.
A cat likes to sleep.
A cat lives in that shop.
A cat lives in the shop.
A cat may be compared to a small tiger, and a tiger may also be compared to a large cat.
A cat may look at a king.
A cat meowed outside the door.
A cat meows.
A cat ran across the street.
A cat ran after a mouse.
A cat ran onto the field during the baseball game.
A cat rids the house of mice.
A cat sat on the chair.
A cat sat on the table.
A cat saved her life.
A cat scratch is not a big deal.
A cat scratched me.
A cat skulked round the corner.
A cat sleeps on a chair.
A cat sleeps soundly.
A cat sleeps.
A cat snuck in there.
A cat uses its tongue to remove dead hair.
A cat was hiding in the bushes.
A cat was meowing under my window.
A cat was on the table.
A cat was sharpening its claws against a post.
A cat was sitting on the chair.
A cat was sleeping in the bass drum.
A cat was tearing at the door, and there was a sound of gnawing rats beneath the hearth-stone.
A cat wearing gloves won't catch any mice.
A cat whose whiskers are pulled back against their cheeks is ready to bite.
A cat will forget three years of kindness in three days, feed a dog for three days and he will remember it for three years.
A cat with gloves doesn't catch a mouse.
A cat woke me up.
A cat would have seen a bird.
A cat wrote this.
A cat's body is designed for hunting.
A cat's eyes are very sensitive to light.
A cat's purr is generated by the diaphragm.
A cat's tail and ears tell you a lot about what they are feeling and asking for.
A catamaran is unlikely to be capsized by wind, but a big enough rogue wave can do it.
A catapult is not as dangerous as a crossbow.
A catastrophe has been averted.
A catastrophe occurred there.
A catastrophic dam collapse in Laos has left hundreds missing and thousands homeless with at least several feared dead.
A category 5 hurricane can reach speeds of about 155 miles per hour.
A category 5 hurricane causes maximum damage.
A caterpillar becomes a butterfly.
A caterpillar can stay inside its crysalis all winter.
A cation is a positively charged ion, with more protons than electrons, while an anion is negatively charged, with more electrons than protons.
A cause of death wasn't given.
A causeway connecting a United States island to the mainland disappears beneath the sea several times a year, thereby cutting off the town from the mainland.
A ceasefire began a few hours later.
A ceasefire was declared.
A celebratory mood prevails in the united Germany.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A cell phone is as contaminated with bacteria as a toilet is.
A cell phone rang.
A cellar was dug on top of the hill and they slowly moved the house from the road to the hill.
A cenotaph is a monument erected to honor the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere.
A cenotaph is a monument erected to honour the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
A census was performed in 2005.
A centaur is a half-horse, half-human creature.
A centimeter is a unit of length.
A century ago, gypsum quarries sat here.
A century ago, spittoons were still used.
A century ago, this was just a small farm town.
A century is one hundred years.
A ceremony to honor the sacrifice of those who lost their lives in the D-Day landings in 1944 was held on Omaha Beach in Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer in France Saturday.
A ceremony will be held at sea for the families of the sailors who died.
A certain Englishman was there, who promised mountains of gold to the maid of Walsingham, if he touched land alive.
A certain amount of ambitiousness, before it reaches the malignant stage, can also be an engine for progress.
A certain bond was created between us.
A certain convocation of politic worms are e'en at him.
A certain crime is punishable if attempted but not punishable if committed. What is it?
A certain door-to-door salesman made a fool of a trusting old lady and went off with a lot of her money.
A certain girl was a prostitute but didn't want her grandma to know.
A certain girl was a prostitute but didn’t want her grandma to know.
A certain hallmark of wisdom is the cheerful benevolence it confers.
A certain humility is needed.
A certain man began to follow Mary.
A certain man called Tom used to see Christmas as a feast without the least sense to it.
A certain man of Bethlehem Judah went to live in the country of Moab with his wife and his two sons.
A certain man was going down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and he fell among robbers, who both stripped him and beat him, and departed, leaving him half dead. By chance a certain priest was going down that way. When he saw him, he passed by on the other side. In the same way a Levite also, when he came to the place, and saw him, passed by on the other side. But a certain Samaritan, as he travelled, came where he was. When he saw him, he was moved with compassion, came to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring on oil and wine. He set him on his own animal, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.
A certain movie was novelized - rather it was a scenario written for a movie that was expanded as a novel and localized to Japanese.
A certain problem may come about.
A certain problem may occur.
A certain someone is being awfully fragile today.
A cerulean sky and breezy warm weather was today, the 20th of July of 2025, here on Lulu Island. As usual, I walk to Tim Hortons café for summer drinks. At home, there is a Filipino dessert of sticky rice balls, jackfruit pieces, and tapioca pearls in coconut milk. Lunch was a curry rice dish much like Beef Rendang, but it wasn't. I walked my 72nd time this "Krismas" year to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church at St. Albans Road. On the way, in the immaculate garden of the Korean lady, was a hummingbird floating in the air. I delighted myself by whispering in Esperanto, "Kolibro!" (Hummingbird!). At the church lobby were two Kenyan ladies in beautiful colourful African gowns. I complimented: "Your clothing is really nice!" As I was sitting at the back of the near-empty nave, a Filipina worshipper approached and irksomely asked that I take off my green safari hat as a sign of respect. "Sorry!" I exclaimed. Later, at the front of the nave was an ongoing baptism of a Filipino baby boy named Mateo. Filipinos gathered around, there with the white minister and a Filipina nun. As I walked home, I said in Esperanto, "La loko estas magia!" (The place is magical!).
A chain fails at its weakest link.
A chain is always only as strong as its weakest link.
A chain is made up of many links.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
A chain of mountains protects the valley from northern winds.
A chain was wrapped around the dog's neck.
A chair is in front of the door.
A challenge is an opportunity in disguise.
A chambermaid holding a duster is waiting outside the door.
A champagne bottle was cracked over the bow during the event and state television showed tugboats pushing the vessel away from its berth.
A chance encounter changed Yanni's life for ever.
A chance like that will never come again.
A chance like this only comes along once in a blue moon.
A chance like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
A chance to do as we please, especially to do as little hard work as possible, is a secret desire of almost everybody.
A chandelier shaped like a basketball net, by American artist David Hammons, a slow-burning wax replica of a 16th century sculpture aimed to melt completely in six months, the works of Chinese-born painter Xinyi Cheng and British artist Lynette Yiadom-Boakye — the Pinault Collection is an eclectic mix of contemporary art.
A chandelier was suspended from the ceiling.
A change could be coming.
A change from jute to hemp or flax in the manufacture of bagging (it would only be a return to these fibers), could it be brought about, would mean an advantage of at least three million dollars to our farmers.
A change in packaging is often accompanied by a reduction in its contents, while the price remains the same or even rises.
A change in routine can lead to new experiences.
A change is as good as a holiday.
A change is as good as a rest.
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
A change of air will do you good.
A change of opinions is almost unknown in an elderly military man.
A change of scenery would provide comfort.
A change of work is as good as a rest.
A chapel stands on the mountain.
A character can be a person or an animal.
A characteristic of the modern crime novel is that the detective has a private life.
A charcoal-grey car was waiting in the car park outside the gate.
A chattering bird builds no nest.
A chauffeur sat in front.
A cheap and widely available steroid drug has shown it can save the lives of the most seriously ill COVID-19 patients.
A cheap coat makes a cheap man.
A cheap drink makes you ill.
A cheap wooden box was set on a chair.
A cheating scandal threatens to blemish the university's reputation for excellence.
A check is a method of paying money to somebody.
A check is enclosed herewith.
A check is just a document.
A cheer went up from the audience.
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
A cheerful ray of sun draws shadows on the window sill of a private room prepared for the next terminally ill patient at upscale Wits Hospice in Houghton, Johannesburg.
A cheese sandwich, please.
A cheetah can run as fast as 70 miles per hour.
A cheetah in a hurry can reach a speed of 120 kph.
A cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants.
A cheetah is just a big cat.
A cheetah runs as fast as any animal.
A chemical analysis of 400 popular lipstick brands, conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, has found that all the lipsticks contained lead, a toxic metal linked to severe health problems. The agency says the lead levels are so low that the products are safe, but health groups insist there is no safe level.
A chemical reaction is a chemical change in which reactants form one or more new products.
A chemical reaction takes place in one or more steps.
A chemical symbol is one- or two-letter representation of a chemical element (e.g., H, Al).
A cherry tree grows in a garden.
A cherry tree was growing in the garden.
A chess board has 64 squares of equal size in an 8x8 grid.
A chessboard has sixty-four squares.
A chick hatched yesterday.
A chick is capable of what it was taught in the nest.
A chick is the offspring of a rooster and a hen.
A chick was sitting on Tom's head.
A chick will soon hatch from the egg.
A chicken egg consists of a shell, a white and a yolk.
A chicken hatches an egg and a chick emerges.
A chicken is not a bird, and a misogynist is not a person.
A chicken is not a bird, and a woman is not a person.
A chief inspector with local police said they have cordoned off the area and a full investigation is underway.
A child born into the bottom 20% of the income scale has a less than 1-in-20 shot of making it to the top if they do not go to college. Earning a college degree changes those odds to closer to 1-in-5.
A child called for help.
A child can play in various ways of his own choosing.
A child clung to her knees.
A child could not have understood the situation.
A child develops rapidly between the ages of 13 and 16.
A child fell into the enclosure of 17-year-old Harambe, an endangered western lowland gorilla, on Saturday.
A child first learns to speak before they can write.
A child has a higher temperature than an adult does.
A child has twenty milk teeth.
A child is a little human.
A child is afraid of the dark.
A child is crawling at home.
A child is crying somewhere.
A child is going to a school.
A child is missing.
A child is never too warmly dressed.
A child is not a mature person.
A child is not a vessel for filling, but a fire to light.
A child is not the property of his parents.
A child is playing harp.
A child is safer with a drag queen than with a priest.
A child is sleeping in the bed.
A child is spoiled by too much attention.
A child is the fruit of love.
A child is the young of a human.
A child is very sensitive to its mother's love.
A child is very sensitive to its mother’s love.
A child isn't an adult.
A child made our home happier, the love stronger, the patience greater, the hand calmer, the nights shorter, the days longer and the future brighter.
A child needs a father.
A child needs a mother.
A child needs his dad.
A child needs his father.
A child needs his mother.
A child needs love.
A child not wanting to go to school can be a sign that it's being bullied.
A child of just five was hit by a bicycle.
A child on your back may guide you across a ford.
A child should honor and respect his parents at every age.
A child should not get more spending money than is necessary.
A child should pay honor and respect to his parents at every age.
A child that is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth.
A child today would not do that.
A child was born to them.
A child was injured.
A child was run over here last night.
A child was washed away by the wave!
A child who has first learned to talk will badger his parents with "whys" and "whats".
A child who has just learned to talk will badger his parents with "whys" and "whats".
A child who has lost both his parents is called an orphan.
A child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non-native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know.
A child who reads becomes an adult thinker.
A child who reads becomes an adult who thinks.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
A child will depend on the television.
A child's education is the charge of his parents.
A child's life will be saved thanks to your donation.
A child's mischief often causes a fire.
A child's self-concept is how the child characteristically sees or feels about himself or herself.
A child, at any age, should honor and respect his or her parents.
A childhood illness left her blind.
A childhood without books: that would not be a childhood. It would amount to being shut out from a delightful landscape where one could discover the rarest of all joys.
A child’s education is the charge of his parents.
A child’s first years offer a critically important window of opportunity to develop skills that determine their success.
A child’s mischief often causes a fire.
A chill came over me.
A chill ran down Tom's spine.
A chill ran down her body when she saw the soldier's wound.
A chill ran down his spine as he crossed the park.
A chill ran down his spine.
A chill ran down my spine when I heard Tom's voice.
A chill ran down my spine.
A chill went down Tom's spine.
A chilly autumn is on its way.
A chilly breeze cut through the air.
A chilly wind's blowing.
A chimney carries smoke from a fireplace to the outside.
A chimpanzee's arms are longer than its legs.
A chinch bug is climbing the window.
A chip off the old block.
A chipmunk is sitting in the tree eating a nut.
A chipmunk saved his life.
A chocolate is hidden behind each door of this Advent calendar.
A chouya for the brain, a little for the stomach.
A chromosome contains genes.
A church in Los Angeles has decided to press charges against a homeless man who stole a few cookies from the church's cookie jar.
A church is a place to pray.
A church is one type of place of worship. Synagogues and mosques are others.
A church spire could be seen in the distance.
A cigarette - on one side a flame, and on the other a fool.
A cigarette is on the ashtray.
A cinder-and-spatter cone is building at fissure 8 as the cone continues to feed a lava flow that reaches the ocean at Kapoho during ongoing eruptions of the Kilauea Volcano in Hawaii.
A cinema is being built in the city centre.
A cinema is being built in the town centre.
A circle has three hundred sixty degrees.
A circle is always round.
A circle of children, with their hands behind their backs, observed with a respectful curiosity.
A circus is a place where horses, ponies and elephants are permitted to see men, women and children acting the fool.
A circus is visiting the town.
A citation wasn't needed.
A city at night with neon signs in logograms and phonograms looks just marvellous.
A city council member is trying to expand the commission’s powers, but he said he would need to understand the details of what it means to defund the police.
A city in the Algerian Sahara Desert has reported temperatures of 51.3 degrees Celsius.
A civic organization that fights for the right to water says a low percentage of Zimbabweans has access to clean water.
A civil partnership is not the same as a marriage.
A civil war began in Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1992.
A civil war in Algeria could lead to a large regional chaos that would be seriously destabilizing for Europe.
A civil war in Algeria is bad for everyone.
A civil war in Algeria would have tremendous consequences for North Africa.
A civil war in Algeria... Do you have an idea of what this means?
A civilization advanced enough to have developed interstellar travel must be communist.
A claim is not proof!
A clairvoyant is a person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing that which is invisible to her patron — namely, that he is a blockhead.
A clan of fairies lives under there.
A clap of thunder sounded.
A clapperboard marks the beginning of each take.
A class reunion was organized to raise funds for our alma mater.
A classical ballet is being performed at the State Opera House.
A clause is composed of a subject and a predicate.
A claw hammer can be used to both drive nails into wood and extract them from it.
A clean and deserted road can be found at some distance ahead.
A clean and organized fridge not only keeps your food fresh but also makes meal preparation easier.
A clean and well-maintained dishwasher ensures that your dishes come out sparkling clean and extends the appliance's lifespan.
A clean and well-organized refrigerator keeps your food fresh and safe, making meal preparation more convenient.
A clean conscience indicates a bad memory.
A clean conscience is the best sleep medicine.
A clean conscience is the best sleeping pill.
A clean conscience is the sign of a poor memory.
A clean counter not only makes your kitchen more inviting but also promotes a healthier cooking environment.
A clean cutting board is essential for food safety, so please keep it spotless.
A clean fast is better than a dirty breakfast.
A clean life is good.
A clean mouth means fresh breath. Brush up!
A clean oven not only looks better but also helps prevent smoke and odors.
A clean river flows through our town, and we can see many carp swimming in it.
A clean room reduces the chances of tripping or stepping on something.
A clean shirt attracts the soup of the day.
A clean sink helps prevent unwanted odors.
A clean sink is not only more pleasant to use but also helps maintain a tidy kitchen.
A clean stove ensures safer and more efficient cooking.
A clear conscience creates harmony.
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow.
A clear conscience is the best pillow.
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
A clear countertop makes meal preparation much more pleasant.
A cleft lip or cleft palate is one of the most common birth defects worldwide.
A clenched fist may indicate stress.
A clerk at the feed store convinced him to try raising a cow.
A clerk in the office is only a pawn in the game of big business.
A clever husband reads his wife's thoughts, but doesn't try to understand them.
A clever man is always quick in the uptake.
A clever person finds the best education when traveling.
A clever person solves a problem, a wise person avoids it.
A clever rabbit has three burrows.
A clever salesman will always ask a matron if her mother is at home.
A clever student can answer such a question easily.
A clever student would not do such a thing.
A clipper ship running before the wind with all her canvas spread is a sight to behold.
A clock has two hands.
A clock must be above all correct.
A clock stopped.
A clocktower is full of an assortment of doodads and doohickies.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
A closed fist can indicate stress.
A closed mouth catches no flies.
A closed system is a thermodynamic system in which mass is conserved within the system, but energy can freely enter or exit.
A closet door was open.
A cloud drifted over the moon.
A cloud floated across the sky.
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky.
A cloud is a mass of vapor.
A cloud is an accumulation of water vapour in the sky.
A cloud is condensed steam.
A cloud is hiding the sun.
A cloud of dust and debris rose and lingered in the sky for a few minutes afterward.
A cloud of hornets set at the children.
A cloud passed across the moon.
A cloud passed over Tom's face.
A cloud passed the sun.
A clove cigarette miasma made navigating the pub like swimming underwater.
A clover patch sprang up where we buried Cookie.
A cloze exercise requires you to fill in a word missing from a sentence.
A club is not a precision instrument.
A clump of cells in a woman's uterus isn't entitled to separate legal protections from the rest of her body.
A clump of cells isn't a baby.
A cluster of sores decorated the skin.
A clutter-free counter makes the kitchen look more spacious.
A co-worker rarely becomes a true friend.
A co-worker told Ziri to calm down.
A coach is as good or as bad as his player. When the player loses, the coach is always to blame, and when the player wins, then the coach has done an excellent job. This applies to tennis as well as to soccer.
A coachman and two maids form the staff of servants.
A coal mine feeds the Naughton Power Plant just outside town.
A coast guard helicopter approached the ship.
A coastal road is to be built here.
A coat is an article of clothing.
A cobbler is also known as a shoemaker.
A cobbler should stick to his last.
A cobra bit Tom.
A cobra bit him.
A cochlear implant consists of a prosthesis in the internal ear which allows a deaf person to hear.
A cock is bold on his dunghill.
A cockroach has climbed up on me!
A cockroach landed on the Ouija board and we all started laughing.
A cockroach that glows in the dark, a black fungus that's ruining prehistoric cave art and a frog smaller than a child's fingernail. These are three in a top-ten list of newly discovered species for 2012.
A coconut fell on Tom's head.
A coconut is not a nut.
A coffee will cheer you up.
A coffee with sugar, please.
A coffee without sugar, please.
A coffin is a box in which a dead body is placed.
A coherent text "makes sense".
A coin dropped out of his pocket.
A coin of two and a half guilders was called a rijksdaalder.
A coin rolled under the desk.
A coin toss has decided the winner of a race for mayor in a small town in the Philippines, after both candidates received the same number of votes in Monday's election.
A coke, please.
A cold October wind is blowing in my face.
A cold bath refreshed him.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
A cold breeze blew in through the window.
A cold confined him to his house.
A cold dulled his taste.
A cold front is approaching the capital region.
A cold front is approaching the metropolitan region.
A cold front is heading our way from Iceland.
A cold front is heading towards us from Iceland.
A cold front swept over Europe.
A cold is an infection.
A cold kept him in bed.
A cold north wind is blowing.
A cold northerly wind is blowing.
A cold often leads to all kinds of disease.
A cold onshore wind is blowing.
A cold rain fell over the city.
A cold snap is coming to the capital.
A cold snap is expected this week.
A cold snap spread across Europe.
A cold snap threatens to wreak havoc on the nation's harvests, including that of legendary vineyards from northern Champagne to southwestern Bordeaux.
A cold spell gripped Europe.
A cold wave hit this district.
A cold wave is coming to the capital.
A cold wave of fear hit me like a brick.
A cold wave passed over Japan.
A cold wind blew across the open platform.
A cold wind blew in.
A cold wind blows.
A cold wind is blowing from the sea.
A cold wind is blowing.
A cold wind swept dry leaves across the paths.
A cold wind was blowing on his face.
A cold wind was blowing.
A collaboration with a French illustrator, the books are about daily life in the suburb: the loves, the heartaches, the ambitions and the setbacks.
A collar is part of a shirt, a jumper, a jacket or a coat which curves protectively round a person's neck.
A collar may come in many varieties, from button-down to clerical, and Mandarin to Masonic, but it is never a lapel.
A colleague has every advantage over me.
A colleague is coming to visit me.
A colleague kept me talking on Friday, which meant I missed the meeting.
A colleague of Tom's had an accident.
A collection of her verses has just been published.
A collection of thoughts should be like a drug store, where you can find remedies to any health problem.
A collocation consists of words that are often found together.
A colloquial term for an ocular prosthetic is a glass eye.
A colon is a punctuation mark.
A colorful balloon is floating in the sky.
A colorful bike share revolution is taking over on the streets, helping ease traffic snarl and keeping the air cleaner.
A colorful peacock feather caught my eye.
A colossal earthquake ripped through the city.
A colourful balloon is floating in the sky.
A column of white smoke rose into the sky.
A combination is a forced maneuver or maneuvers combined with a sacrifice as a result of which the active side gains an objective advantage.
A combination is a planned series of moves that are intended to force certain responses from the opponent, and lead them into an undesirable position.
A combination of parties formed the new government.
A combination of several mistakes led to the accident.
A combination of sixty hours of work and forty hours of class is stressful for anyone.
A comedian used Artificial Intelligence to generate a deepfake of former U.S. president Barack Obama.
A comet has a distinct center called a nucleus.
A comet vintage is a wine produced in a year in which there was a comet.
A comet vintage is a wine produced in a year in which there was a great comet.
A comma is a punctuation mark.
A comma is missing.
A comma is needed here.
A comma isn't necessary here.
A comma seems necessary to make it clearer.
A comment expects a comment.
A commercial airplane allegedly violated military airspace.
A commission!
A commitment to a life of movement and exercise may help us live not only longer, but also healthier.
A committee has been set up to investigate the problem.
A committee is a group of people who are incapable of doing anything individually, but who, collectively, can come together and decide that it's impossible to do anything.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
A committee of congressmen has arrived.
A committee of experts determines how to allocate the money.
A committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem.
A committee was constituted to investigate prices.
A common Western misconception is that "fat Buddha" statues depict Gautama Buddha.
A common complaint for busy, stressed out people is not being able to find the time and place to unwind.
A common man with uncommon desire to succeed. The ability to control my emotions and my actions, regardless of circumstance, sets me apart from others. Uncompromising integrity is my standard.
A common misconception about Christopher Columbus is that he once impressed a tribe of natives by predicting the lunar eclipse. The truth of the matter is that he CAUSED it.
A common occurrence in politics is to compare something bad with something worse, instead of accepting that both are bad and should be avoided.
A common side effect of amphetamines is severe diarrhea of the mouth.
A common swift can spend its first two or three years on the wing before breeding, and making its first ever landing.
A common theme underlies both perspectives.
A common union-busting technique is to give non-union employees a surprise raise that you withhold from union employees, even though you wouldn't have given the raises out if the union weren't there in the first place.
A common way to finance a budget deficit is to issue bonds.
A communist is a socialist without a sense of humor.
A company named Technoneeds is marketing 3D printers in Bangladesh.
A company of tourists visited our town.
A company that stifles innovation can't hope to grow very much.
A company that stifles innovation can’t hope to grow very much.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
A comparative analysis of the results would have to be conducted.
A comparison proves nothing.
A compass is an instrument that makes it possible to know a ship's route at any moment.
A competitor in training.
A complaint has been sent.
A complete intransitive verb takes neither complement nor object.
A complete poem is one where an emotion finds the thought and the thought finds the words.
A complex number is a number that can be expressed in the form "a + bi".
A complicated job like that can't be done in the blink of an eye.
A complication is the term for anything on the face of a clock that isn't strictly for telling time.
A compliment is worth a kiss.
A compliment is worth as much as the person who pronounces it.
A compound word consist of two smaller words.
A compound word is a word that is made by the combination of single words.
A compromise appears unlikely in the near future.
A compromise is a collision with the use of shock absorbers.
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake so that everybody thinks they got the biggest piece.
A compromise may be required.
A compromise seems unlikely in the near future.
A compromise was reached to placate both sides.
A compromise was reached.
A computer can calculate things really quickly.
A computer can calculate very rapidly.
A computer can perform millions of operations per second.
A computer can save time.
A computer does not think, in the strict sense of the word, but appears to think, with regard to the operations of a logical-mathematical nature of intelligence.
A computer game was given to me by my father.
A computer is a complex machine.
A computer is a crystal ball.
A computer is a modern device.
A computer is a type of modern tool.
A computer is a wonderful thing, if you know how to use it.
A computer is a wonderful thing.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
A computer is no more alive than a clock is.
A computer is often compared to a human brain.
A computer is to the brain like a bike is to the legs.
A computer program is a list of instructions that tell the computer what to do.
A computer spell checker could also eliminate most typing mistakes.
A computer virus has infected the Internet.
A computer's electronics are very complex.
A computer's hardware is like the body of a person
A computer’s electronics are very complex.
A conceivable, sophisticated future AI language generator could output a new language considering parameters like typology, phonology, morphology, lexicology, syntax, and semantics.
A concept is an idea that can be represented by words.
A concert is different than just going online to find music.
A concerted effort is required to eradicate malaria in the country.
A concierge ought to treat all guests carefully.
A concrete plan evolved after much discussion.
A concrete structure will usually be sturdier than a wooden one.
A conductor directs an orchestra.
A conductor is a specialist who needs twenty years of professional training.
A cone and a cylinder can be cut by the same ellipse.
A cone with two scoops, please.
A conference is the gossip of men.
A conference sponsored by the Cato Institute, a Washington-based research group supporting free market policies, Wednesday delivered a mixed appraisal of the new World Trade Organization after 10 years of its existence.
A confidence man can talk his way into a girl's trust with ease.
A confidence man can talk his way into a girl’s trust with ease.
A confidence man polishes his "hood winking" or "eye-washing" techniques before bilking a new victim.
A conflict is brewing.
A conflict of opinions arose over the matter.
A confusing style cannot be understood.
A conjunction is a word that connects a subordinate clause to a main clause.
A conjunction is a word which joins words, phrases, clauses and sentences together.
A conjunction is an invariable word that links two ideas.
A conlang is a language that is created by a group of people instead of developing through history.
A connection between microbial activity and the appearance of microtubules in basalt glass has been proposed in the past, but direct evidence for biological processes being in their formation is still lacking and non-biological origins are possible.
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
A conservationist with the Wildlife Trust of India said the elephant is seen as a wise, sagacious animal across the country's diverse cultures and communities.
A conservative estimate of the cost of relocating all your household items and your three dogs to Istanbul from Chicago is $10000.
A conservative is not always a reactionary.
A conservative tie is preferable to a loud one for a job interview.
A considerable amount of money was appropriated for the national defense.
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
A considerable number of students want to go to college.
A considerable sum of money was spent on the new bridge.
A consortium of astronomers said Thursday they had for the first time confirmed a prediction of Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity by observing the gravitational effects of a supermassive black hole on a star zipping by it.
A conspiracy theory is thinking that blames or explains an important event or set of circumstances on a secret plot that is usually masterminded by powerful people. Conspiracy thinking can also embrace the idea that a big secret is being kept from the public.
A constable was standing at the kitchen door.
A constellation is a group of stars.
A constellation shines.
A constellation typical of the northern sky is the Plough. Indeed, together with the Pole Star, which you can find with its help, it is represented on the flag of Alaska. A constellation just as characteristic, this time of the southern sky, is the Southern Cross, which features on the flag of New Zealand.
A construction based on lies eventually crumbles.
A construction worker died at the site.
A construction worker fell from the fourth floor.
A contagious disease descended on the town.
A contains B and B includes A.
A contaminated patient escaped.
A contented mind is a perpetual feast.
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
A contest with a large cash prize will be taking place in Algiers.
A continent is just a really big island.
A continuous stream of people were walking.
A contract is a legally binding agreement.
A contract was drawn up, stipulating that each party must pay a fee to the local government.
A contract with that company is worth next to nothing.
A contradiction has immediately appeared.
A convent is a place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness.
A convention was signed.
A convergent sequence is bounded.
A conversation at the neighbouring table grabbed my attention.
A conversation caught my attention.
A conversation with a blabbermouth is long and never-ending.
A convert to Judaism is called a "ger" or "gioret," meaning a "foreigner" who joins the Jewish people.
A convict has escaped from prison.
A cookie is under the table.
A cookie killed the mayor.
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.
A cool autumn is coming.
A cool breeze blew around Mary, waving her long hair as she sat in the meadow, lost in thought and gazing up at the night sky and the silver moonlit clouds passing over it.
A cool breeze blew in through the window.
A cool breeze was blowing.
A cool shower sometimes helps relieve the itchiness.
A cool sports car stopped by William's mansion.
A cool wind is blowing from the sea.
A cool wind is blowing.
A cool wind was blowing down over the long harvest fields from the rims of firry western hills and whistling through the poplars.
A cop came to William's apartment to arrest him.
A cop came towards us.
A cop car showed up a few minutes later.
A cop interrogated Ziri.
A cop is sworn to protect.
A cop killed Ziri.
A cop shot Tom's dog Cookie.
A cop shot Tom.
A cop was killed.
A copyright library is a library legally entitled to receive a free copy of every book published in the UK.
A cordial greeting to your family.
A cornered fox is more dangerous than a jackal.
A cornered rat will bite a cat.
A cornucopia is a horn-shaped basket filled with various kinds of fruits and vegetables.
A corona is an aura of plasma that surrounds the Sun and other stars.
A coronavirus vaccine is unlikely to be available for about a year.
A corpse was found at the bayou just yesterday.
A corpse was found in Tom's apartment.
A corpse was sitting in the wooden chair.
A corpulent man in his mid-forties entered the hall.
A correct answer is like an affectionate kiss.
A correspondence sprang up between us.
A correspondent must soon adjust himself to life abroad.
A corset, if one is worn, should not extend below the waist-line, and should have elastic side-lacing.
A cost-effective way to explore the Solar System was to send thousands of robotic probes to scour celestial bodies for data.
A costume jeweler usually does not work with precious metals or precious stones.
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
A couch potato is something that I don’t want to be.
A cougar attacked a man.
A cougar can kill an adult man.
A cougar is a cat that weighs 170 pounds.
A cougar is a cat that weighs no less than 170 pounds.
A cough and love can't be hidden.
A cough is one of lung cancer's first symptoms.
A councillor in this parish council was removed from the meeting by an intrusive clerk.
A counselor came to wake up for breakfast.
A count is a nobleman, a marquess too.
A counter-sniper team was positioned on a sloped roof.
A countless number of women and children were gathered round a huge fire, and some were seated on the ground, while others danced strange dances on the smooth grass.
A country cannot truly be considered free if it does not allow its citizens to own firearms.
A country collects taxes from its people.
A country is a dangerous machine.
A country is a gang's turf.
A country no longer needs politicians. An actor is also good. Anyway, the country is led by other ones.
A country ought to be loved by the citizens.
A country that doesn't recognize itself isn't a country.
A country that has today $2,000 per capita income per year can attain $6,000 per capita income per year in the long term if it improves its rule of law, control corruption and government effectiveness.
A country that ignores its own past, that knows absolutely nothing and does not care about knowing anything, won't live to see another day.
A country that ignores its past, that knows nothing and wants to know nothing about it, cannot have a future.
A country with no whorehouse is not a country.
A country without enough labour force cannot be self sufficient.
A coup attempt was made in July 2016 by a faction of the Turkish Armed Forces.
A coup is underway.
A couple accidentally discovered a treasure of 1400 gold coins in California.
A couple built a complex Rube Goldberg machine to reveal the gender of their coming baby.
A couple from Boston was also killed.
A couple in Boston adopted Tom when he was three years old.
A couple in Boston adopted Tom when he was three.
A couple more!
A couple of Christmases ago, we had snow, but usually we don't have snow until January.
A couple of animals played on the meadow.
A couple of boxes fell off that truck as it rounded the corner.
A couple of cats were meowing outside my window.
A couple of days passed by.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.
A couple of inmates attacked Elias.
A couple of months ago, they laid me off.
A couple of new guests entered the room.
A couple of security guards pulled Daniel and Donald apart.
A couple of sparrows are building a nest on the balcony of my house.
A couple of summers ago, Ziri was camping in that forest.
A couple of swallows are flying overhead.
A couple of these ought to put me to sleep.
A couple of weeks ago, I reduced my caffeine intake by more than half.
A couple of weeks' holiday at the seaside would do us good.
A couple of years ago, Seraphic Fire received a $25,000 grant and decided to tackle a big project: recording Claudio Monteverdi's Vespers of 1610, one of the greatest choral works of all time.
A couple of years ago, this book was exposed as a fraud.
A couple wanted to adopt David.
A couplet is a short poem consisting of two rhyming lines.
A coupon industry publication estimates that 89 percent of American households redeem coupons as a way to economize.
A coupon system would eventually enable poor people to purchase food in any store in the country, not just those in the government system.
A court date has been set for October 20th.
A court date hasn't been set yet.
A court date hasn't yet been set.
A court had earlier found her guilty of misusing foreign money meant for an aid organization.
A court ordered Yanni to pay 4000 dinars a month for spousal support.
A court without ladies is like a garden without flowers.
A cousin is my uncle's son.
A covetous man is good to none and worst to himself.
A cow cannot jump from the tree like a unicorn.
A cow chases away flies with its tail.
A cow doesn't drink milk but rather water.
A cow gives us milk.
A cow goes moo, a cat goes meow.
A cow has a long tail.
A cow is a useful animal.
A cow stung by a dunfly is not so distracted as she was.
A coward blames others for his mistakes, and you're no coward.
A coward dies a thousand deaths, a hero dies but one.
A coward dies a thousand times before his death. The valiant never taste of death but once.
A coward is someone who, in a perilous emergency, thinks with his legs.
A coward runs at the first sign of danger.
A cowboy is driving cattle to the pasture.
A coworker won a lottery prize and went on a trip.
A coyote got our chickens.
A coyote killed Tom's cat.
A cozy blanket on a chilly night is wonderful.
A crack appeared in our relationship.
A crack formed in the wall.
A crack in the windshield is a safety concern.
A cracked bell has a bad sound.
A cracked bell has an angry sound.
A cracker is much like a piece of bread, but bread is better than crackers for making sandwiches.
A crafting table is essential for getting almost anything you need.
A craftsman manually adds the finishing touches to each curve of a bullet train's lead car.
A crane is a big, beautiful bird.
A crane raises heavy construction materials.
A crate washed ashore.
A crawling beast was following Lukas.
A crayon isn't a pastille; don't eat it!
A crazy thing just happened to me.
A creaking door hangs long on its hinges.
A creaking door hangs longest.
A creaking gate hangs long.
A creature emerged from the dark.
A creature flew towards Lukas and bit him.
A creature grabbed Paul from behind.
A creature suddenly grabbed Paul.
A credential is something that’s proof of a claim you make about yourself or your skills.
A creepy cry that sounds like a human voice, velvet black wings, the image of tearing into dead flesh; crows are known across the world as an ill-omened bird that flies down with ill-luck.
A creole is a native spoken language.
A crescendo of fireworks at just after midnight Thursday marked the start of the Lunar New Year, the Year of the Rat in the Chinese zodiac.
A crew was sent to reactivate the Sun.
A crew was sent to restart the Sun.
A cricket and a centipede came out to search for food around midnight.
A crime has been committed.
A criminal has escaped from a local prison.
A criminal is someone who commits a crime.
A crisis can trigger a revolution in economic thinking.
A crisis in France could be bad for America.
A crisis in France could be bad for the United States.
A crisis is approaching.
A crisis is near.
A crisp wind blew up over the sand dunes from the sea.
A critic can not say why a thing is beautiful; he can only say that it is beautiful.
A critic is a hen that clucks while others are laying.
A critic is a hen who cackles when another lays an egg.
A critic is a person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him.
A critic once said that if you saw my ballet paintings, you didn't have to go to a live performance.
A critic once said that if you saw my ballet paintings, you didn’t have to go to a live performance.
A critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path.
A criticism of literary works this year is in the paper.
A crocodile ate Thomas.
A crocodile ate Tom.
A crocodile ate a dog.
A crocodile bit off his leg.
A crocodile has eaten Tom.
A crocodile isn't an alligator.
A crocodile tore off her arm.
A crocodile tore off her leg.
A crocodile tore off his arm.
A crocodile tore off his leg.
A crook doesn't believe in honest people.
A crooked foot is better off with a crooked shoe; a beggar's hand reaches only as far as the door.
A crossroads is a place where two streets cross.
A crossroads is where two roads meet in an X.
A crow cawed loudly.
A crow is as black as coal.
A crow was cawing loudly.
A crowd as big as that would leave tons of garbage on the stadium grounds.
A crowd began to gather, drawn in by her enthusiasm.
A crowd collected to watch the fight.
A crowd gathered around the street performer.
A crowd gathered around.
A crowd gathered at the scene of the crime.
A crowd gathered at the scene.
A crowd gathered of itself.
A crowd gathered on the street outside the bank.
A crowd gathered on this street.
A crowd gathered to see the fire.
A crowd of 500 filled the theater.
A crowd of onlookers had gathered.
A crowd of people gathered around the speaker.
A crowd of people gathered in the street.
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.
A crowd of people left the theatre.
A crowd of people of indeterminate size was protesting in the streets.
A crowd of people spilled out of the theatre.
A crowd of people stood around the fountain.
A crowd of people stood at the entrance to the cinema.
A crowd of people were present at a party.
A crowd of people were standing at the entrance to the theatre.
A crowd of people were standing outside waiting.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee's headquarters.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee’s headquarters.
A crowd quickly gathered round the fire engine.
A crowd soon gathered around Tom.
A crowd soon gathered around him.
A crowd soon gathered around the fire engine.
A crowd surrounded the storefront.
A crowd waited to see him.
A crowd was gathering around him.
A crucifix is a vital accessory when fighting a demon.
A cruel mental illness befell me, and convulsed my brain quite horribly.
A cruise ship crashed into a dock in Venice.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
A cry arose from the crowd.
A cry broke the silence.
A cry of rage rose from his throat.
A cry of surprise and horror was raised by all present.
A crying girl opened the door.
A crystal chandelier hangs in the hall.
A crystal chandelier was hanging over the table.
A cube has six sides.
A cubic meter corresponds to 1000 liters.
A cubical statue stands out majestically on the horizon.
A cuckold is a person who shares a bosom with at least one other person.
A cuckoo bee killed and replaced this hive's queen.
A cucumber is related to a watermelon.
A cult classic spaghetti western was playing at the cinema.
A cult classic spaghetti western was playing at the theater.
A cult member attempted to assassinate the queen with poisoned fruit.
A cultivar is a plant deliberately selected for its characteristics, such as color, crop yield or disease resistance.
A cultural heritage is handed down to posterity.
A cunt remains a cunt!
A cup of black tea, please.
A cup of coffee and a croissant, please.
A cup of coffee cleared my head.
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
A cup of coffee costs a krone.
A cup of coffee costs one crown.
A cup of coffee for Tom, please.
A cup of coffee for me, please.
A cup of coffee refreshed me.
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache.
A cup of coffee would be nice.
A cup of coffee would clear my brain.
A cup of coffee would help.
A cup of coffee, please.
A cup of green tea, please.
A cup of hot soup relaxed me.
A cup of hot tea on a cold winter day feels like a warm hug from the inside.
A cup of rice is about 180 ml.
A cup of strong coffee helps me wake up.
A cup of tea and a biscuit, please.
A cup of tea awaits me.
A cup of tea, please.
A curfew was imposed on the city.
A curfew was the last thing David needed.
A curious German word is "entfernen" (to put some distance between), because the prefix "ent-" means to take something away, in this case the distance, but taking away the distance would mean to bring it closer which is the exact opposite of what the word "entfernen" means.
A curious disease struck the town.
A currant is smaller than a strawberry.
A cursory check with music stores in Johannesburg revealed that many stock large selections of her CDs.
A cursory examination of his teeth indicated that he had gingivitis.
A curtain of mist blocked our view.
A custom developed in which they would kiss each other.
A customer came and so tea was brewed.
A customer got in.
A customer is having his shoes shined on a slapped-together stand.
A customer shouted at Ziri in front of everyone.
A customer wanted to know who the head honcho was.
A customer was giving Felix hard time.
A customs declaration is required.
A customs official asked me to open my suitcase.
A cutback in donations to the WFP means the U.N. agency can only offer assistance to about 600,000 people, those most in need of help.
A cute girl caught Tom's eye at the monster party and threw it back to him.
A cute girl caught Tom's eye at the party.
A cute girl caught Tom's eye.
A cute kitten can make a giggling mess even out of the most severe Ã¼bermensch.
A cute kitten can make a giggling mess even out of the most severe übermensch.
A cute little turtle was found on the beach.
A cute person will look cute no matter what they wear.
A cuttlefish has ten arms.
A cycling race will soon take place.
A cyclist hit his head against a lamppost.
A cyclist was hit by a lorry turning right and seriously injured.
A cynic is a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be.
A céntimo, a pfennig, and a kopeck are coins.
A dachshund is a dog from Germany with a very long body and short legs.
A daily trip to the market is a small but important social event.
A dairy cow is a useful animal.
A dam broke.
A damn mosquito bit me!
A damp, cold day affects a person's health.
A damp, cold day affects a person’s health.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
A dance will be held on Friday.
A dandelion is a weed, isn't it?
A danger foreseen is a danger avoided.
A dangerous animal was stalking Janos.
A dangerous criminal escaped from prison.
A dangerous criminal has escaped from the insane asylum.
A dangerous killer named Tom Jackson has escaped.
A dangerous predator has escaped.
A dark cloud appeared over our heads.
A dark cloud is approaching from the west.
A dark figure was following Ziri in the woods.
A dark figure was standing there.
A dark liquid was dripping onto the ground.
A dark look came over Tom's face.
A dark shadow passed behind Tom.
A dark, gloomy, ill-ventilated room brings depression of spirits, and will make the most elaborate meal unsatisfactory; while the plainest meal may seem almost a feast when served amid attractive surroundings.
A dash of vinegar is all the salad needs.
A data lake is a way to manage big data while avoiding information silos.
A database could include a way to put alternative translations in an order of usefulness, naturalness or on how well they match the meaning of the sentences they are attached to, or in some other useful order.
A date for Tom's trial hasn't been set yet.
A date for Tom's trial hasn't yet been set.
A date for the funeral has yet to be set.
A date hasn't been set yet.
A date hasn't been set.
A date is yet to be set for the appeal.
A date palm tree fell.
A date will soon be set for a hearing.
A daughter language descends from another language - for example, Hindi is a daughter language of Sanskrit.
A daughter of the first Earl of Gowrie was courted by a young gentleman much her inferior in rank and fortune.
A daughter-in-law is the wife of one's son.
A day away from this might be wonderful for you.
A day full of sunshine and a heart full of wishes...
A day has 86,400 seconds.
A day has twenty-four hours.
A day is a period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent. This period is divided into two parts, the day proper and the night, or day improper — the former devoted to sins of business, the latter consecrated to the other sort.
A day is split into the morning, pre-noon, noon, afternoon, evening and night.
A day of national mourning was declared in Turkey due to the death of the Iranian President.
A day on Venus is a little longer than a year on Venus.
A day on the road is good for you.
A day on the ski slopes sure beats being stuck in the office.
A day return to Brighton, please.
A day will be and food will be.
A day will dawn when you will laugh at your past efforts. What you realize on the day you laugh is also here and now.
A day without a vein of humour is an extremely sad day.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
A day without smiling is a day lost.
A day without you is like a summer without the sun.
A dead body was found in woods behind the school.
A dead bug is a good bug.
A dead deer being pecked by vultures, remains partly eaten by other animals, that sort of rotten meat is called 'carrion'.
A dead deer being pecked by vultures, remains partly eaten by other animals, that sort of rotten meat is called ’carrion’.
A dead dog was found in the barn.
A dead donkey fears no wolves.
A dead fox lay in the grass at the side of the road.
A dead fox lay on the verge.
A dead jackass is not afraid of wolves.
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
A dead rooster does not fear the fire.
A dead sheep does not fear the fire.
A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.
A deadline was included in the ultimatum.
A deafening silence filled the room.
A deafening wave of laughter came over me.
A deal has just been made.
A deal is a deal and I deleted my YouTube channel.
A deal is a deal, Ziri.
A deal is a deal.
A deal's a deal.
A death rattle marked the end of his suffering.
A debtor of my debtor is not a debtor of mine.
A debugger is a program which allows you to find errors in source code.
A decade is a span of ten years.
A decade is ten years.
A decade later and I still listen to this. I remember the times in which I used to watch this soap opera with my family and I heard this song daily. The passage of time is heartbreaking.
A decapitated body was on the coroner's table.
A decapitated planarian flatworm grows a new brain complete with all its old memories.
A deciduous forest is a forest whose trees drop leaves in the fall.
A decision had to be made.
A decision has been made.
A decision has been reached.
A decision has to be made by October 20th.
A decision has to be made by the 20th.
A decision has to be made by the twentieth.
A decision has to be made.
A decision needs to be made by October 20th.
A decision needs to be made by the 20th.
A decision needs to be made by the twentieth.
A decision needs to be made sooner or later.
A decision of capital importance was made at the nation's capital this morning.
A decision of capital importance was made at the nation’s capital this morning.
A decision on the matter is long overdue.
A decision will be even more difficult the longer you delay it.
A decision will definitely be made today.
A decision will eventually need to be made.
A decision will have to be made sooner or later.
A decision will have to be taken sooner or later.
A deck of cards contains four kings, four queens, and four jacks.
A deck of cards has four kings, four queens, and four jacks.
A deconstruction crew is removing all of the usable material from a two-story log cabin which is scheduled to be torn down.
A decorator crab attaches tiny animals to its back so it's practically invisible.
A deep and powerful male voice began chanting.
A deep grave had been dug in the corner of the churchyard, just under the old yew-tree.
A deep ravine separates the two blocks.
A deep rift opened up between them.
A deep sadness overcame me.
A deep sigh was Ethel's only response.
A deep voice kept telling Tobias: "This is your fault!"
A deer blocked the road.
A deer jumped out in front of Tom's car.
A deer ran for its life.
A deer sleeps on a hill in our yard every night.
A defect was found in the water-cooling circuit.
A deficit is when you have less than when you had nothing.
A definite advantage of automatic doors is that people can't spread their contagious diseases by touching door handles.
A definition is when you box in the wilderness of an idea with a wall of words.
A deformed-looking creature walking on two legs came out of the water.
A degree isn't the only route to success.
A delicate balance must be reached.
A delicate fragrance of jasmine is wafting in through the window.
A delicate scent of jasmine fills the air.
A delicate situation.
A delicatessen caught fire and burned down, leaving a heap of ashes.
A delivery guy brought John a new suit.
A delivery man is dropping off an arrangement of artificial flowers.
A deluxe edition of Beyonce's Grammy-winning album B'Day will be released on April 3.
A demagogue is a flatterer of the people.
A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury. After that, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing, always to be followed by a dictatorship, then a monarchy.
A democracy is a form of government in which the people often vote for someone different but seldom if ever get something different.
A democracy requires accountability, and accountability requires transparency.
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
A democrat is, at the end of the day, one who admits that an opponent can be right, and therefore lets them express themselves and allows for reflection upon their arguments. When parties or men feel sufficiently persuaded by their own arguments that they allow the silencing of those that contradict them by means of violence, that isn't democracy.
A democratic country is governed by a prime minister and his cabinet.
A democratic republic replaced the monarchy in 1946, and economic revival followed.
A democratic transition in Algeria is very difficult.
A democratic transition isn't going to be an easy thing in Algeria.
A demon attacked Yanni.
A demon has possessed Tom.
A demon is controlling Tom through a cursed sword.
A demonym is the name or term for the residents of a particular locality.
A demonym is typically - but not always - derived from a placename, though it is equally true that many countries are named for their inhabitants.
A denarius is a silver Roman coin worth 1/25th of a Roman aureus.
A dense fog suddenly covered the valley.
A dense hedge surrounded the garden.
A dentist finally came to clean Mennad's teeth.
A department store sells many things.
A departmental manager is always between a rock and a hard place.
A depleted bank account had caused me to postpone my holiday.
A deposit has been paid.
A description has not been set.
A design flaw made my computer crash.
A design shows the scene of a torture.
A desired result is achieved more efficiently when activities and related resources are managed as a process.
A desk stood in the centre, with a red leather swivel chair.
A desk stood in the centre, with a red leather swivel-chair.
A desperate attempt at robbery, culminating in the death of one man and the capture of the criminal, occurred this afternoon in the City.
A desperate wife has the capacity to do dangerous things.
A dessert table featured homemade treats and cookies.
A dessert without cheese is like a one-eyed pretty girl.
A destabilization of Algeria could affect Europe.
A detailed report will be sent you by next mail.
A detective arrived at the crime scene.
A detective arrived at the scene of the crime.
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.
A detective novel has more dialog than exposition.
A devalued currency makes Chinese exports cheaper and more affordable to consumers worldwide, while boosting the price of U.S. exports to China. For decades, the United States has consumed more foreign goods than it exports, incurring massive trade deficits. One of America's largest trade imbalances is with China.
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
A devastating potato blight and famine struck in Ireland in the 1840's.
A devastating typhoon has struck the Philippines.
A developed perception of linguistic beauty is still lacking in her.
A developing embryo connects to the placenta via the umbilical cord.
A development soon emerged that no one had taken into account.
A device implanted in the spinal cord, dubbed the Orgasmotron, allows female patients to experience orgasm with the flick of a remote control.
A devil fucked me.
A devil is a kind of small terrine.
A diabetic has too much sugar in his blood and in his urine.
A diagonal matrix is positive semidefinite if and only if all of its elements are nonnegative.
A diagram has value in explaining a text.
A dialect is a local idiom.
A dialect is a specific form of a language, spoken in a certain region.
A dialect is a type of idiom spoken in a certain region.
A dialogue is essentially a series of lines.
A dialogue requires four attentive ears.
A diametrically opposed kinship pattern is to be observed among certain South Sea Island communities.
A diamond is a gem.
A diamond is worth a lot of money!
A diamond that hasn't been cut doesn't shine.
A dichalcogenide is a chemical compound containing two chalcogen anions and at least one more electropositive element.
A dictatorship means muzzles all round and consequently stultification. Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one center of power.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one centre of power.
A dictionary defines words.
A dictionary explains words.
A dictionary is a reference book.
A dictionary is a reference work of words or terms which are listed in alphabetical order. The words and terms included in the dictionary are described in relation to their significance, definition, etymology, orthography and grammatical form.
A dictionary is an excellent reference book.
A dictionary is an important aid in language learning.
A dictionary is on the table.
A dictionary makes words comprehensible.
A dictionary that is compact and easy to carry around seems to be required.
A diet Coke in Ukraine costs â‚´2.
A diet Coke in Ukraine costs ₴2.
A diet rich in garlic, onions, shallots, leeks and scallions may cut the risk of prostate cancer. That is according to a new study by researchers at the U.S. National Cancer Institute.
A different pillow, please.
A difficult objective of Buddhistic philosophy is to liberate oneself from the undulations of emotions, which Buddhists perceive are primitive. An advanced entity liberates himself or herself from this imprisonment. One notes that Star Trek has incorporated such concepts in the fictional race of Vulcans.
A difficulty is a light. An insurmountable difficulty is a sun.
A difficulty of arranging their lips in this crude exposure to public scrutiny, an inability to balance their heads, and to dissociate self-consciousness from their features, was apparent in them, and showed that they were genuine country girls, unaccustomed to many eyes.
A digital signature file is the modern equivalent of the signet ring.
A diligent and vibrant, though exhausted, runner hurried to run in a wheelbarrow race that the tyrant's admirer wanted to kick off with a trumped-up excuse.
A diligent man will succeed in the long run.
A dim line of ancestors, in every variety of dress, from the Elizabethan knight to the buck of the Regency, stared down upon us and daunted us by their silent company.
A dim moonlight was coming through the window.
A dim set of lights turned on.
A dinner will be given next Saturday.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
A diplomat is a person who openly expresses what they don't think.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell and make you eagerly anticipate the trip.
A diplomatic crisis arose between the two nations.
A diplomatic passport was issued for him.
A dire tragedy has befallen me.
A disaster happened there.
A disaster is befalling the country.
A disaster is taking place in front of our eyes.
A disaster of apocalyptic proportions is unfolding and we're supposed to just sit and keep silent.
A disciple can be forgiven if he does not have great mental ability.
A disco ball was spinning under the ceiling.
A discovered attack is performed when an enemy piece is threatened after moving an intermediate piece.
A discreet homage to the accident victims was carried out yesterday.
A discussion began.
A discussion broke out.
A discussion of the proposal seems to be in order.
A disgusting foul smell accompanied the saliva.
A dish can be seasoned without becoming spicy.
A dish can be spicy without being hot.
A dishonest representation is necessary to lead people to certain conclusions.
A dishonor has appeared in the village.
A disinterested third party resolved the dispute.
A disjointed people will perish, while a united one will come out ahead.
A displacement reaction is a chemical reaction in which the cation or anion of one reactant is replaced by one from another reactant.
A display, aka monitor, is an appliance that displays video signal of still images and moving pictures produced by a computer or similar device.
A disproven principle. If A = B and B = C, then C = A. Is this true? Maybe. On Tatoeba C can be different from A.
A dispute arose between the Boeotians and the Athenians respecting the confines of their several territories; it was proposed to decide the difference by a single combat between Thymaetes and the King of the Boeotians.
A dissertation should be divided into paragraphs.
A distance-preserving diffeomorphism between two Riemannian manifolds is called an isometry.
A distant memory is all I have left of my grandparents.
A distinct idea is defined as one which contains nothing which is not clear.
A distracted driver crashed into our car.
A distracted driver hit our car.
A distracting feature at theatrical performances is the peanut cruncher.
A diversion is in effect around roadworks in the city centre.
A diving team went to retrieve the bodies of the crew members.
A divorce isn't a good thing.
A divorce means that Layla could get a half of everything.
A doctor can bury his mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
A doctor examined Mr. Brown.
A doctor in the United States: "I'm sorry to inform you that you're suffering from a terminal illness." - "Which one?" - "It's poverty."
A doctor is an expert in medicine.
A doctor is necessary.
A doctor is one who cures diseases.
A doctor looking to profit big would choose just about any other field of medicine besides gender-affirming care or abortion.
A doctor ought to examine that.
A doctor ought to have a look at that.
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding.
A doctor should examine that.
A doctor should have a look at that.
A doctor should never let a patient die.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president’s head.
A doctor visited a patient to give good news and bad news: "The bad news is: you won't live longer than the end of this day. And here comes the good news: I forgot to say that to you yesterday."
A doctor was called in right away.
A doctor was sent for at once.
A doctor was sent immediately.
A doctor was tending to Ziri’s injury.
A doctor who happened to be present at the scene of the accident performed first aid.
A doctor who happened to be present performed first aid at the scene of the accident.
A doctor who is not an artist is no doctor either.
A doctor will be here tomorrow.
A doctor working with indigenous communities has tested positive for the coronavirus.
A doctor would be of no use to Martino.
A doctor's duty is to save life and fight death.
A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
A doctor’s instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
A documentary film of the event was preserved.
A documentary has been made about Tom Jackson.
A documentary was made about Sami.
A doe is a female deer.
A dog attacked Tom.
A dog attacked my leg.
A dog barked at me on the street.
A dog barked at me.
A dog barked in the distance.
A dog barked.
A dog barks at strangers.
A dog barks; a man walks.
A dog bit Adam yesterday.
A dog bit Tom.
A dog bit her leg.
A dog bit her on the leg.
A dog bit her.
A dog bit his leg.
A dog bit me on the hand.
A dog bit me this morning.
A dog bit me.
A dog bit my leg.
A dog bite is more serious than a mosquito bite.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
A dog can see in the dark.
A dog can't climb up a wall.
A dog chased a cat.
A dog chases a cat, and the cat chases a mouse.
A dog controls its temperature by panting with its tongue out.
A dog could never be President of the United States. He would give away state secrets for back scratches.
A dog crossed the street.
A dog does not eat a dog.
A dog does not take money for his trot.
A dog dug up a dead body in the forest.
A dog eats an apple.
A dog followed me home.
A dog followed me to my house.
A dog followed me to my school.
A dog frightened me on the street.
A dog guards its personal space.
A dog guards the house.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
A dog has a very good sense of smell.
A dog has an acute sense of smell.
A dog has followed me home.
A dog has four legs.
A dog has four paws.
A dog has masters. A cat has servants.
A dog has masters; a cat has servants.
A dog is a clever animal.
A dog is a domesticated wolf.
A dog is a faithful animal, so it is said to be a friend of man.
A dog is a faithful animal.
A dog is a loyal animal.
A dog is a man's best friend.
A dog is a man’s best friend.
A dog is asleep on the veranda.
A dog is barking and a caravan is passing.
A dog is barking at strangers.
A dog is barking in the neighborhood.
A dog is barking nearby.
A dog is barking now.
A dog is barking.
A dog is distinct from a cat in physical characteristics.
A dog is faithful.
A dog is following us.
A dog is guarding the house.
A dog is happy that you're back. A cat is mad that you were gone.
A dog is in the sand that is blowing in the wind.
A dog is more loyal than a cat.
A dog is running in the park.
A dog is sensitive to smell.
A dog is sitting on the carpet.
A dog is sleeping on the porch.
A dog is sleeping on the veranda.
A dog is smarter than a human.
A dog is sometimes a dangerous animal.
A dog is standing at my car.
A dog is that animal which another dog will instinctively recognize as such.
A dog is the most devoted friend.
A dog jumped onto the chair and lay motionless for five minutes.
A dog meets a crocodile. The crocodile says to the dog "Hello, fleabag!" The dog responds "Hello, handbag!"
A dog needs food, water, and space in order to survive.
A dog puts its tail between its legs and cowers when it's frightened.
A dog ran about in the garden.
A dog ran after the cat.
A dog ran around in the garden.
A dog ran away.
A dog ran into Sami's room.
A dog ran into my room.
A dog ran.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
A dog runs faster than a human.
A dog runs into the butcher's shop and steals a large sausage.
A dog runs.
A dog saved their lives.
A dog seldom bites unless it is attacked.
A dog started barking at Boris.
A dog suddenly jumped at me.
A dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog.
A dog that barks all the time doesn’t make a good watch dog.
A dog that barks all the time isn't a good watchdog.
A dog that looks quiet bites surreptitiously.
A dog that was washed into the sea was able to swim back to land.
A dog was barking outside.
A dog was following Tom.
A dog was next to the open grave, howling.
A dog was run over by a car.
A dog was run over by a truck.
A dog was running about in the garden.
A dog was running after a cat.
A dog was running after the cat.
A dog was running round the garden.
A dog was running.
A dog went into the kitchen and stole an egg from the cook.
A dog who is a good barker is not a good dog.
A dog will always love you unconditionally.
A dog will bark at strangers.
A dog will love you forever if you give it a little food.
A dog will remember three days of kindness for three years, but a cat will forget three years of kindness in three days.
A dog's nose is very sensitive.
A dog's sense of hearing is hypersensitive.
A dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's.
A dog, it is said, is a man’s best friend. Put a dog and a kid and book together, and you have a struggling reader’s best friend.
A doghouse is a house for a dog.
A dog’s sense of smell is much keener than a human’s.
A dollar does not go very far these days.
A dollar fifty a pound ($1.50/lb). They're 2.3 Euros a kilo.
A dollar is a dollar.
A dollar is equal to a hundred cents.
A dollar is worth 110 yen.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal species.
A dolphin is a mammal.
A dolphin is no more a fish than a dog is.
A dolphin's brain looks more complex and bigger than a human's.
A dolphinarium is an aquarium for dolphins.
A donkey brays.
A donkey has a loud and unpleasant cry.
A donkey in a lion's skin exposes itself with its bray.
A donkey in a lion's skin reveals itself with its bray.
A donkey is a domesticated ass.
A donkey is gray.
A donkey kicked Tom.
A donkey killed Tom.
A donkey was galloping.
A donkey was jumping around.
A door ends up loosening, when it is left ajar for a long time.
A door must be either shut or open.
A door opened and shut. An instant later steps crept down the passage—steps which were meant to be silent, but which reverberated harshly through the empty house.
A door suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall at the end of the corridor, and a little, wizened man darted out of it, like a rabbit out of its burrow.
A door suddenly flew open out of what appeared to be solid wall at the end of the corridor.
A dot is a small spot.
A double blast of heavy snow and temperatures dropping to minus 22 degrees Celsius made the downhill race treacherous on Sunday, and only 46 of 87 skiers were able to finish the course.
A double checkmark indicates that the message has been read by the recipient.
A double espresso for here.
A double, please.
A double-decker bus overtook us.
A double-tap on the side of his nose was enough to remind Mary of their plan of action.
A doubt has occurred to me.
A dove is a symbol of peace.
A dove symbolizes peace.
A down payment has been made.
A downside to frequent flyer miles is that using them is complicated.
A dozen convicts, who descended with their pistols in search of him, found him with a match-box in his hand seated beside an open powder-barrel, which was one of a hundred carried on board, and swearing that he would blow all hands up if he were in any way molested.
A dozen frightened Mexicans pile out of the van.
A dozen is a set of twelve.
A dozen means twelve.
A dozen of Chinese policemen came to my store, they shouted: "Happy New Year!", and I had to give them a red envelope with money in it.
A dozen people gathered opposite the station.
A draft smacked the door to the room shut.
A dragon appears!
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
A dragon is a fictional animal.
A dragon lives inside the cavern.
A draw is held for those who have participated in our survey. Every month, thirty people will be chosen at random and presented with a gift voucher to the value of 10,000 Yen.
A draw is the most frequent result of closed matches, in which each player seeks, above all, to restrict the opponent's actions.
A draw yesterday, another draw today. Carlsen 1, Nepo 1. Will we have a winner tomorrow?
A drawing room is now called a living room.
A dreadful accident happened on the corner.
A dreadful cry echoed over the moor.
A dream come true!
A dream of mankind becomes reality.
A dream was taken away from me.
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn’t want to be too explicit.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
A dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions.
A drift of smoke rose from the chimney.
A drink never hurt anybody.
A driver blocked the intersection.
A driver is deeply attached to his old car.
A driver reached speeds in excess of 100 miles per hour while fleeing from police after they tried to make a traffic stop on the vehicle yesterday.
A driver was blocking the intersection.
A driver was sleeping in the car.
A driver's job is not as easy as it looks.
A driver’s job is not as easy as it looks.
A driving licence is a sine qua non here.
A driving licence is absolutely essential here.
A dromedary has one hump, but a bactrian camel has two humps.
A drop here and a drop there will empty the sea.
A drop in the bucket.
A drop of ink may make a million think.
A drop of luck helps more than a whole case of wisdom.
A drop of mustard fell and stained my tie during lunch.
A drop of oil often works wonders.
A drop of sweat dripped down from Ivan’s ear.
A drop of sweat ran down Tom's back.
A drop of sweat ran down Tom's face.
A drop of sweat ran down her brow.
A drop of sweat ran down his back.
A drop of sweat ran down his cheek.
A drop of sweat ran down his forehead.
A drop of sweat ran down his neck.
A drop of sweat ran down his nose.
A drop of sweat ran down his side.
A drop of sweat ran down his temple.
A drop of sweat ran down the side of his temple.
A drop, falling into water, makes a bubble; many bubbles make froth.
A drought in South Africa is emptying reservoirs and parching crops, raising fears of a failed corn harvest and skyrocketing prices of the country's staple food.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
A drug addict stole Tom's bike.
A drug like aspirin is said to have been used in ancient Greece. More than two-thousand-four-hundred years ago, Hippocrates told his patients to ease pain by chewing the outer covering of the willow tree. The covering, called bark, contains the chemical salicylic acid.
A drunk TV presenter vomited during a live broadcast.
A drunk and his money are soon parted.
A drunk and slutty bride was getting carried away on her hen night.
A drunk driver took down the sign.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
A drunk man fell down the stairs.
A drunk man followed me home and stood in front of my door, asking for oral sex.
A drunk man's talk is a sober man's thought.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
A drunk man's words are not always a sober man's thoughts.
A drunk mind speaks a sober heart.
A drunk robbed me.
A drunk went swimming and nearly drowned.
A drunkard is somebody you don't like and who drinks as much as you do.
A drunkard is somebody you don’t like and who drinks as much as you do.
A drunkard raped Laila.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
A dry leaf fell to the ground.
A dry morsel with a quiet house, is better than plenty of provision with grumbling.
A dry spell accounts for the poor crop.
A dual citizenship law was adopted in 2013, easing naturalization for non-citizen children.
A duck has a flat beak.
A duck has just given birth to twelve little ducklings.
A duck quacks.
A duck will preen its feathers many times over the course of the day.
A dull light shone through heavy mullioned windows.
A dumbbell should not be dropped on the floor.
A dump truck was coming down the highway.
A dung beetle was rolling a giant ball of poop.
A dust storm is coming.
A dusty toy train sits proudly on the shelf.
A dwarf married a big man.
A dwarf may stand on a mountain, but it will not make him tall.
A dye was injected into a vein of the patient's arm.
A dying old man is like a burning library.
A dynamometer is a device that measures an engine’s power and torque.
A equals B.
A ewe is pregnant for five months.
A face appeared at the window.
A face as ill as yours and it isn't important? If you change your mind, a trip to the hospital is the best option, alright?
A face covering is required.
A face that does not laugh is not welcome.
A face was slowly coming out of darkness.
A face with too much make up looks strange.
A face without freckles is like a sky without stars.
A facet of genius is the ability to provoke scandals.
A fact is, essentially, irrefutable.
A fact-based argument is better than a misleading image.
A fact-finding committee was set up to determine the cause of the incident.
A faction of the Turkish military attempted an anti-Erdogan coup.
A factory is going to be built here.
A factory is not suitable for a residential district.
A factory is to be built here.
A factory will be built here.
A faded map of the neighborhood shows his childhood adventures.
A failed omelet makes a pretty good scramble.
A faint crunching noise could be heard.
A faint heart never won a fair lady.
A faint light could be seen in the distance.
A faint smile twitched the owner's tawny mustache, chased away by a little cloud of anger, for in that land of many horse stealings to ask a man how he had come by his horse savoured of discourtesy.
A fair and just world requires us to challenge the practices that deny Russian citizens the opportunity to travel freely and experience the diversity of our global community.
A fair few pupils are absent today.
A fair society doesn't deny gay people what it gives to straight people.
A fairy is dancing on the lakeside.
A faithful friend is a soul in two bodies.
A fake bushy beard is an essential part of a Father Christmas costume.
A fake news story is a news story that is fabricated to intentionally deceive readers.
A falcon is a bird of prey.
A falcon is a predatory bird.
A fall from that height would be fatal.
A fall in the price of uranium, one of Niger's few exportable commodities, and a disastrous harvest have exacerbated the country's economic problems.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
A fall would be fatal.
A fallen fakir is in the mosque.
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water.
A fallen man is worthy of assistance.
A fallen rock barred his way.
A fallen tree blocked the path.
A fallen tree blocked the road.
A fallen tree blocked the way.
A fallen tree had blocked the road.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
A fallen tree was blocking the road.
A falling star is a meteorite.
A famed chess café in New York City called Chess Forum has survived the pandemic.
A familiar vehicle arrived.
A family is like branches on a tree. We all grow in different directions, yet our roots remain as one.
A family is the smallest unit of society.
A family lives in a big house.
A family of Jewish settlers moved into Ziri's house in the West Bank.
A family of bats was living in the attic.
A family of four lives in the flat across the way.
A family of four lives in the flat opposite.
A family of foxes lives in my grandparents' garden and my grandpa has cameras everywhere to film them, including at night when they are most active.
A family of gnomes lives in a small house under this tree.
A family of musicians, Lyravlos have recreated exact replicas of the ancient instruments from natural materials including animal shells, bones, hides and horns.
A family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine.
A family took a trip to the mountains.
A famous Japanese poet does not approve of any fixed doctrine in haiku.
A famous Porto brand name is Cockburn’s. Seriously?
A famous architect built this house.
A famous brand has opened a flagship store in my neighbourhood.
A famous pianist smiled.
A famous pop star uses Google Translate to create song lyrics.
A fan page is always public.
A fanatic threw a bomb at the king's coach.
A fanatic threw a bomb at the king’s coach.
A fantastic Norwegian fall is coming.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Smith.
A farewell party was held for the executive who was retiring.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Jones yesterday.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Smith.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr. Tanaka.
A farewell party was held in honor of the retiring executive.
A farm boy accidentally overturned his wagonload of wheat on the road.
A farm cat slept on the wooden fence in the rare October sunlight.
A farm often has cows and chickens.
A farm worker is working-class; the owner of a farm is not.
A farmer between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A farmer from a neighboring town came to Matthew seeking advice on how to care for his own sheep.
A farmer goes to heaven as soon as a nobleman.
A farmer in Ireland has found a ball of 2,000-year-old butter buried in a peat bog.
A farmers' market occurs on the first and third Wednesday of each month.
A farmers' market takes place on the first and third Wednesday of each month.
A fart can relax.
A fart is the tortured scream of a trapped turd.
A fascist coup attempt is underway in Brazil.
A fascist is one who supports a totalitarian political and social system.
A fashion model must have a good carriage.
A fast child may win the race, but even a slow child can compete.
A fast for the rich is a feast for the poor.
A fast walker can walk six kilometers in an hour.
A fat cash register attracts robbers.
A fat cat is slow.
A fat cat with a hat on, sat on a mat, dreaming to catch a rat or a bat.
A fat chance you have!
A fat guy with a mustache just walked in.
A fat guy with moustache just walked in.
A fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched the two of them with sleepy eyes.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched them with sleepy eyes.
A fat white cat sitting on the wall was watching the two of them with sleepy eyes.
A fat, naked, flying little child shot Mary to the heart with his arrow.
A fatal shooting during the production of a movie called “Rust” is raising questions about safety on movie sets.
A father and a king are very different. Our fathers begot us; but a king did not create us, but we him.
A father and a mother are parents.
A father and son represent two generations.
A father in quarantine on a Marine base in California was able to attend his daughter’s wedding hundreds of kilometers away in Arizona through a telepresence robot.
A father is sleeping.
A father of 10 children, Noor said his family will go hungry without the opium poppy crop.
A father provides for his family.
A father shouldn't shirk his responsibilities to his children.
A father shouldn’t shirk his responsibilities to his children.
A father who faked images depicting his son as a water polo star has been sentenced to four months in prison for using bribery to get his son into college.
A father worries about his family.
A father's work is never done.
A fault common to scientists is mistakenly believing that every problem has a technical solution.
A fault confessed is half redressed.
A fault confessed is half-redressed.
A faultless plan is stifling, isn't it?
A faultless plan is stifling, isn’t it.
A faulty washing machine flooded the whole kitchen.
A faulty washing machine has flooded the whole kitchen.
A favor costs nothing.
A favorable review of your play will appear in the next issue.
A favorite tool in dealing with blatant racism is blatant ableism.
A favourite haunt of mine during the day was the ruined cellar of the mansion that had burned down.
A fearful thought entered my mind.
A feast like this is fit for a king!
A feast to one is an affliction to another.
A feathered boa completed Olivia's outfit.
A feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving, the engine won't start.
A feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving, the engine won’t start.
A fed person doesn't know how hungry the hungry person is.
A federal appeals court on Friday rejected the Trump administration’s renewed bid to dismiss a lawsuit by young activists who say it is ignoring the perils of climate change.
A federal law passed in 2003 gives Mexicans the right to bilingual education.
A fee is a payment for a service.
A feeling came over him that he had seen this house before.
A feeling of electricity just ran through me.
A female bear could be very dangerous, especially when her cubs are around.
A female bear protects her cubs with her life.
A female beggar was begging with five or six children following along.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
A female giraffe gives birth by standing up.
A female giraffe is called a cow.
A female giraffe would do anything to protect its calf.
A female giraffe would never leave its calf alone.
A female hornbill lives in this cavity.
A female kangaroo carries her young in her pouch.
A female kangaroo carries its young in its pouch.
A female kangaroo carries its young in the pouch.
A female may act demur but she can be plotting your sudden death owing to your stupid obedience.
A female smile catches more than a net.
A female tortoise has a flat plastron.
A female troubadour is usually called a trobairitz.
A female voice greeted Damiano.
A female voice spoke into the phone.
A fence between makes love more keen.
A fence is a criminal who buys stolen goods and sells them to others.
A fence protects the garden.
A fence runs along the road.
A fence runs around the house.
A fence separates the garden from the lane.
A fence separates the garden from the path.
A fence surrounded the forest.
A fence surrounded the house.
A fence that can't hold water won't hold a goat.
A feral farm cat bit Tom's hand.
A ferret is a domesticated weasel.
A ferret saved her life.
A ferry carrying hundreds of high school students sank in South Korea.
A festival is about to take place.
A festival is held at the rice harvest.
A festive, jubilant crowd thronged Berlin’s historic Brandenburg Gate.
A fetal "heartbeat" is a more arbitrary standard than viability.
A fetus is a parasite, and if it weren't for the placenta protecting it, the mother's body would treat it as such.
A fetus is merely a part of the pregnant person's body until it is viable.
A fetus is not a baby.
A fetus is not a person.
A fetus isn't a baby and a five-week-old fetus doesn't have a heart.
A fetus isn't a person.
A fever has developed.
A fever would have done as well as a cross, if there was any occasion for either.
A few Bangladeshis are currently working in this laboratory.
A few Renaissance paintings adorn the walls of this room.
A few Roman words crept into British usage.
A few are against it.
A few belated snowflakes flitted past my window.
A few cars derailed.
A few cats have died in this house, and you might see their ghosts from time to time.
A few centuries ago, that coin was worth a lot here.
A few clouds can be seen in the sky.
A few clouds had built up towards evening.
A few customers buy the clothes.
A few customers have just walked into the store.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony left school, too.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony, too, graduated from school.
A few days after new moon, we see a thin crescent in the western evening sky. The crescent Moon waxes, or appears to grow fatter, each night.
A few days ago I had a conversation with one of my students in the United States.
A few days ago, buckwheat cost 18 rubles, but now it costs 21.
A few days ago, my girlfriend Sophie moved from Edmonton, Alberta to Victoria, British Columbia.
A few days ago, you didn't even want to talk to me.
A few days ago, you wanted to marry Fadil, and now you want another guy.
A few days have passed.
A few days later the wedding took place.
A few days later, Tom and Mary found new jobs.
A few days later, Tom found a new job.
A few days later, Tom found another job.
A few days later, Yanni rang back.
A few days later, Ziri moved out.
A few days later, he came.
A few days later, he got ill, then died.
A few days later, he was dead.
A few days later, we left Boston.
A few days passed, she learned what time they usually came home.
A few days went by.
A few days would have been excusable, but you are in arrears for 10 days.
A few days' rest will do you good.
A few days, and you'll be fine.
A few days, and you'll be well.
A few days’ rest will do you good.
A few drops are falling, it looks like it's going to rain.
A few events marked the transition into the 21st century.
A few expeditions visited the island in the late 19th century.
A few faint stars were gleaming in the violet sky.
A few firefighters suffered minor injuries.
A few flakes of snow were falling, and one of them, rather larger than the rest, alighted on the edge of one of the flower boxes.
A few fragments of dead leaves floated on the pond.
A few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue.
A few hours after the clouds cleared and the sun came out, and the desert smelled of ozone.
A few hours later, Tom and Mary were dead.
A few hours later, Tom was dead.
A few hours later, nature began calling and I needed to go to the bathroom.
A few hours nap will do you good.
A few hours rest will do you good.
A few hours' catnap will do you well.
A few important facts emerged after the investigation.
A few indistinct groans could be heard from the back seat.
A few items were stolen.
A few loose ends remain to be cleared up.
A few miles from the Tontlawald was a large village, where dwelt a peasant who had recently married a young wife.
A few minor mistakes apart, your writing is good.
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.
A few minutes ago, a good idea came to me.
A few minutes is all I ask.
A few minutes later I came to and I was on a backboard with a neckbrace on being taken down the mountain by ski patrol.
A few minutes later our driver pulled up at a neat little red-brick villa with overhanging eaves which stood by the road.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
A few minutes later, Tom came.
A few minutes later, Tom returned with a bottle of wine.
A few minutes later, the police arrived.
A few minutes later, the police came.
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.
A few minutes more, and I'll be ready.
A few minutes more, and I’ll be ready.
A few minutes of Stephen Fry will make any American apologize for his rhoticity.
A few minutes of waiting later, Ziri heard jackals howling in the distance.
A few minutes' walk brought him to the zoo.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the park.
A few minutes' walk brought me to the shore.
A few minutes' walk brought us to the park.
A few minutes’ walk brought him to the zoo.
A few minutes’ walk brought me to the park.
A few minutes’ walk brought me to the shore.
A few minutes’ walk brought us to the park.
A few moments later he reached the eastern suburbs.
A few moments later the postwoman knocked at the door, and handed in two letters.
A few moments later, all slept soundly.
A few months ago I received a call from Mr Lemond.
A few months ago, Tom couldn't walk. Now he's walking quite well.
A few months ago, a father shot and killed his two children.
A few months ago, a father shot his two children dead.
A few months later he left the rock band.
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic.
A few months later, I saw Tom again.
A few months later, Israel invaded Egypt.
A few months later, Tom relapsed.
A few more hours and we'll be done.
A few more months and my salary is going to double.
A few more people came from the same direction.
A few more, and it's done.
A few of Tom's friends are in prison.
A few of the balls are yellow.
A few of the neighbors came by to welcome us to the neighborhood.
A few of the passengers were seriously injured.
A few of these are Tom's.
A few of these are mine.
A few of us don't know what to do.
A few of us managed to survive.
A few of us survived.
A few old buildings need to be demolished.
A few other rangers came in.
A few palm trees provide shade on the beach.
A few passengers went on board the plane.
A few patches of woods surrounded the houses.
A few pears are in the box.
A few people (I'm not telling who) have not cleaned up the room.
A few people apparently drowned.
A few people at the party were Canadians.
A few people came to the lecture.
A few people clapped after his lecture.
A few people have helped us.
A few people have two cars.
A few people made that joke.
A few people mentioned they would like to attend some sessions later in the day on the Technical Session Agenda.
A few people were ice skating.
A few people were ice-skating.
A few people were killed in the car accident.
A few people were looking.
A few prods and he'll start talking, just watch.
A few remain.
A few rioters were seriously injured.
A few salvos were fired.
A few seconds ago I was in the open air and the bright daylight, and now my eyes refuse to serve me in this darkness.
A few seconds passed but it seemed we had been standing there for minutes.
A few sentences are too difficult for me.
A few sentences are too hard for me.
A few serious problems remain.
A few shops, an agency and a bank can be found around it.
A few stars are appearing in the night sky.
A few steps behind them came another group of people, illumined by a torch.
A few students in my class played hooky yesterday.
A few students played hooky.
A few students were late for school this morning.
A few students were left behind.
A few tables away, Etoi Grant-Davenport says she was hoping to be placed at a hospital in Los Angeles for her residency in pathology.
A few things are missing from the storage room.
A few things didn't quite meet Tom's expectations.
A few things were stolen.
A few times a week, Marney takes time to look for discarded items on the city's sidewalks to see if she can find a use for any of them.
A few trees fell down in our neighborhood during the storm last week.
A few victims of corruption gave personal accounts of bureaucrats who cheat the system to deprive people of property, money and rights.
A few week ago I bought a scanner.
A few weeks after that, Claudio quit.
A few weeks ago I had a conversation with one of my students in Brazil.
A few weeks ago, I could barely walk.
A few weeks ago, I could hardly walk.
A few weeks before Christmas, Tom broke his right leg and was taken to the hospital.
A few weeks later, Tom and Mary were dead.
A few weeks later, Tom was dead.
A few weeks later, a ship appeared on the horizon. It moved slowly, as if it were searching for its way in the mist.
A few weeks went by.
A few were drunk most of the time.
A few words may betray a man's true character.
A few words may betray a man’s true character.
A few words of Portuguese vocabulary come from the Tupi.
A few yards below the brow of the hill on which he paused a team of horses made its appearance, having reached the place by dint of half an hour's serpentine progress from the bottom of the immense declivity.
A few years ago Huda joined forces with researcher Walter Schmidt at the US Department of Agriculture, who was working on practical uses for discarded chicken feathers. Together, they produced art paper, absorbents, water and air filters, and insulation materials — all made from feathers.
A few years ago it would have been inconceivable for Japan to send troops overseas.
A few years ago, I swore never to fall in love again.
A few years ago, I tried a Japanese-style bath on New Zealand's South Island.
A few years ago, I was in regular contact with the older of the two sisters.
A few years ago, I was in touch regularly with the elder of the two sisters.
A few years ago, I wouldn't have thought that this would be possible.
A few years ago, I wouldn't have thought this would be possible.
A few years ago, a group of experts examined studies of aspirin at the request of federal health officials in the United States. The experts said people with an increased risk of a heart attack should take a low-strength aspirin every day. Aspirin may help someone who is having a heart attack caused by a blockage in a blood vessel. Aspirin thins the blood, so the blood may be able to flow past the blockage. But experts say people should seek emergency help immediately. And they say an aspirin is no substitute for treatment, only a temporary help.
A few years ago, frequently played video clips taught girls to be big sluts.
A few years ago, in San Francisco, a young woman came to us for vocational advice.
A few years ago, it was found desirable to compute some very accurate logarithmic tables for the use of the great national survey of Ireland, which was then, and still is in progress; and on that occasion a careful comparison of various logarithmic tables was made.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
A few years ago, on Mother’s Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.
A few years ago, the company made a “clear beer” until it discovered people prefer a rich, caramel color and a frothy head on their beers.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal at my school.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal.
A few years back it was struck by lightning, which has left a deep groove on its trunk.
A few years back, there was only little furniture in our apartment.
A few years later, he married a second woman.
A few years later, the treaty was put to a test.
A few years passed before I received the opportunity to publish my work.
A fiasco took place there.
A field goal is scored by kicking the ball through the goal.
A field goal is worth three points.
A field is thus a fundamental algebraic structure which is widely used in algebra, number theory, and many other areas of mathematics.
A field of grass can be quite beautiful.
A field yields corn and vegetables.
A fierce battle ensued between Spider-Man and Dmitri.
A fierce battle led to an historical victory for Sweden.
A fierce battle took place at Monte Cassino.
A fierce battle was fought by the soldiers.
A fierce battle was fought here.
A fierce dog attacked the girl.
A fierce-looking dog stood on the porch, growling at us.
A fierce-looking elderly man strode out from the gate with a hunting-crop swinging in his hand.
A fiery spear of lightning struck a tree standing by the side of the road.
A fig grows on a fig tree.
A fig is growing on a fig tree.
A fight between Yanni and his daughter Skura is plausible, but is it true?
A fight between Ziri and Walid was unavoidable.
A fight between two male giraffes can occasionally end in death.
A fight broke out at the football match.
A fight broke out between Dan and Linda.
A fight broke out between the thief and the seller.
A fight broke out between two schoolboys.
A fight broke out in our neighborhood.
A fight broke out in the barracks.
A fight broke out in the mosque.
A fight broke out.
A fight ensued between Ziri and Rima.
A fight ensued.
A fight erupted in the hallway.
A fight has broken out.
A fight started about nothing between them.
A fight started between Ziri and Walid.
A film director should be very intelligent, but if possible, not an intellectual — for the intellectual is the deadly enemy of all performing arts.
A final decision has been made.
A final decision hasn't been made yet.
A final judgment will be delivered at the end of each human being's life.
A financial collapse in Algeria could be a major disaster.
A financial issue threw the project off course.
A fine collation was served, but the young Prince ate not a morsel, so intently was he occupied with her.
A fine dessert finished the meal.
A fine may be issued.
A fine rain began to fall.
A fine rain was falling.
A fine reputation is an additional asset.
A fine view burst upon our sight.
A fire broke out after the earthquake.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
A fire broke out at the stadium.
A fire broke out during that night.
A fire broke out during the night.
A fire broke out in a hotel in our neighborhood.
A fire broke out in a neighborhood hotel.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
A fire broke out in the 86-story Torch tower in Dubai.
A fire broke out in the building.
A fire broke out in the fields.
A fire broke out in the forest.
A fire broke out in the house.
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
A fire broke out in the mine.
A fire broke out in the neighborhood yesterday.
A fire broke out in the supermarket last night.
A fire broke out in the village.
A fire broke out in this neighborhood last night.
A fire broke out inside Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris.
A fire broke out inside the movie theater.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
A fire broke out last night.
A fire broke out near my house.
A fire broke out nearby.
A fire broke out on the fifth floor.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
A fire broke out on the ground floor.
A fire broke out on the second floor of the building.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
A fire broke out that night.
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
A fire can spread faster than people can run.
A fire can spread faster than you can run.
A fire crackled in the fireplace.
A fire erupted in the darkness.
A fire has burned the village to ashes.
A fire may happen at any moment.
A fire started in the chimney and the house burned down.
A fire started in the house.
A fire started in the upper part of the cathedral.
A fire swept through the area.
A fire that burns the forest doesn't burn the path.
A fire was seen to blaze up far away.
A fire would have broken out easily.
A firefighter rappels into a gorge in the Blue Mountains of Australia, as a crew tries to save Wollemi Pines, in this image obtained from the New South Wales Department of Planning, Industry and Environment, Jan. 9, 2020.
A fireman rescued Tom.
A fireplace is a family hearth, the alpha and omega of comfort and home.
A firewall guarantees your security on the internet.
A firewall will guarantee Internet security.
A firework lit up the night sky.
A firmware update is available.
A fiscal tightening policy is being enacted.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
A fish bone was still stuck in my throat.
A fish can swim.
A fish doesn’t know it’s wet.
A fish eats.
A fish leaped out of the water.
A fish out of water.
A fish rots from the head down.
A fish stinks from the head.
A fish swims by moving its tail.
A fish will swim three times: in water, in grease, and in wine.
A fisherman was fishing under a peach tree. He stole a peach, and he became a sinner.
A fishing boat put off just now.
A fishing guide at the national park since the age of nine, he proudly displays one of his favorite items—a small arrowhead he found as a boy at the national park.
A fishing light wavers under the lee of an island.
A fishing rod is a stick with a hook at one end and a fool at the other.
A five-percent value-added tax was introduced in January 2018.
A five-week-old fetus doesn't have a heart.
A five-year old boy can talk.
A five-year-long debate over U.S. agriculture policy neared a climax this week as controversial farm legislation moved toward a final vote in the U.S. Senate.
A fix will be available shortly.
A fix will be available soon.
A flag is a national symbol.
A flag is a symbol of the nation.
A flag is a symbol of the people.
A flail is a weapon.
A flash of blue light lit up the backyard.
A flash of lightning lit up the property.
A flash of lightning momentarily lit up the backyard.
A flash of lightning suddenly lit up the dark nocturnal landscape.
A flashlight turned on from the outside.
A flat in the suburbs costs half as much as one in the city.
A flat on the outskirts costs half as much as one in town.
A flat one or a Phillips-head one?
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
A flea can bother a lion much more than a lion can bother a flea.
A flea can jump 200 times its own height.
A flea can jump two hundred times its own height.
A fleet of alien communists has arrived looking for somebody named Posadas.
A fleet of alien communists has arrived looking for someone named Posadas.
A fleeting glimpse of eternity.
A flexible work schedule increases the productivity of employees.
A flexor is a muscle that brings toward each other two parts of the body that are connected at a joint.
A flicker of hope made its way into his heart.
A flight attendant walks up to the boys.
A flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the passenger plane.
A flight would have cost you more.
A flock of birds flew high overhead.
A flock of birds is flying.
A flock of birds whirled across the sky.
A flock of geese flew over us.
A flock of people pushed Gabor aside and surrounded Martha.
A flock of sheep was grazing in the fields.
A flood can be defined as the encroachment of water in an area or region which is usually dry.
A flood is coming towards you.
A flood ravaged Florence in 1966, causing damage to many priceless artworks.
A flood ravaged Florence in 1966, causing damage to many priceless works of art.
A floret is a group of small flowers that grow together and seem to form a single one.
A florist is a person who sells flowers.
A flounder is a fish that spends its adult life on the sea bed.
A flower in the garden is wilting.
A flower is on the face of the Earth.
A flu shot contains antibodies that fight the H1N1 virus.
A fluffy pink fungus that decorates itself with gold nanoparticles has been found in Western Australia.
A flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit.
A fly came out of the box.
A fly can fly.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
A fly does not fly into a shut mouth.
A fly fell in the soup!
A fly fell into my cup of coffee.
A fly fell into the milk.
A fly got into the apartment.
A fly is an insect.
A fly is as likely to land on shit as it will on pie.
A fly is drinking your coffee.
A fly with a remarkable sense of hearing is the model for what may be a new generation of hypersensitive hearing aids and other sonic devices.
A flyer for the event is enclosed herewith.
A flying fish isn't a bird, but a fish that flies.
A flying saucer came and took my cows away.
A foal is a young horse, a calf is a young cow, and a chick is a young bird.
A foal was born.
A fog settles over the land.
A folktale wasn't created by a single known author. It arose among the people.
A follower of oneness through destructive power is good in only this way: he is dead.
A fool always believes that it is the others who are fools.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
A fool and his money are easily parted.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A fool does what they aren't capable of restraining themselves from doing; a wise person restrains themselves from doing what they aren't capable of.
A fool is like a drum — beaten by anyone passing by.
A fool puts his name on everything.
A fool says what he knows, and a wise man knows what he says.
A fool sees only fools in others.
A fool speaks foolishness.
A fool that considers himself smart is worse than any other fool.
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool.
A fool with a tool is still a fool.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
A fool's head is literally like a lantern without fire.
A fool, when he is silent, is counted to be wise.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A foolish head makes for weary feet.
A foolish idea came into my mind.
A foolish impulse made me say what I should have left unsaid.
A foolish misunderstanding severed their long friendship.
A fool’s bolt is soon shot.
A foot has five toes.
A foot is a unit of length in the Anglo-Saxon system, corresponding to 12 inches and equivalent, in the decimal metric system, to 30.48 cm.
A foot is thirty centimeters.
A foot is twelve inches.
A football game consists of two halves.
A football match lasts 90 minutes.
A football pitch is rectangular.
A football team consists of eleven players.
A footballer, who had two cervical vertebrae broken in a tackle last week, may never walk again.
A footnote is a short piece of text at the bottom of a page in a book or article.
A force causes a change in velocity; and, likewise, a change in velocity generates a force. The equation works both ways.
A force is a vector quantity so a force has both a magnitude and a direction.
A forceful wave separated Gabor from Martha.
A foreboding thundercloud formed in the sky.
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.
A foreign language cannot be learned in only two weeks.
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so.
A foreign student who wants to drive in the U.S. must obtain a driver's license issued by the state in which the person resides.
A foreign tourist was caught in a strong rip and swept out to sea.
A foreigner asked me where the station was.
A foreigner came up to me and asked me for money.
A foreigner conversed with me.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
A forensic medical examination has been designated.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
A forest is not just trees, not even a collection of trees, but a dense stand of woodland covering a vast area.
A forest surrounds the teahouse at the park.
A fork fell off of the table.
A fork fell off the table.
A fork is a table or kitchen utensil allowing to lift food to the mouth or to hold ingredients in place while they are being cut.
A fork is an instrument used chiefly for the purpose of putting dead animals into the mouth.
A fork is missing.
A form appeared from over there.
A form appeared in the darkness.
A form of Western Yiddish survived among many Jewish cattle dealers as a trade language.
A formal demonstration of the Peter principle would be a hit to the corporativist structures of many countries.
A former Esperantist insisted that too many commas, like fly droppings, make writing look dirty.
A former Reagan speechwriter called Sarah Palin "an ignorant nincompoop" after she referred to the late president's role in a movie that had co-starred a chimpanzee.
A former flatmate would call French toast eggy bread.
A former professional basketball player, he now coaches high school youngsters. He has seen them act disrespectfully toward cheerleaders and other women, and says he asks them how they would want to see their mother or sister treated.
A former wife is an ex-wife.
A formula is used to produce a score based on the three categories.
A formula is very convenient, because you need not think about it.
A fortnight has passed and I haven't seen you.
A fortnight of heavy rain led to flooding.
A fortnight passed.
A fortnight went by.
A fortnight's holiday by the sea would do us good.
A fortuitous encounter with Tom Jackson laid the groundwork for my new hobby.
A fortune is more secure in a head than in a bag.
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man. Columbus, in turn, got angry and demanded his money back - claiming that even a child could state something so obvious.
A fortune teller told me that I'd meet my future wife in Boston.
A fortune-teller read my hand.
A forty-year-old woman is only something to the men who have loved her in her youth!
A fossilized shell is what I'm holding in my hands.
A foul odor emanated from the room.
A foul smell started emanating from the closet.
A foul was committed and the goal was chalked off.
A foul was committed and the goal was disallowed.
A foundation of respect is necessary.
A fountain of alabaster stands in the alabaster-paved inner court.
A four-by-four will usually have much worse gas mileage than a compact.
A four-leafed clover brings luck.
A four-leafed clover is lucky.
A four-year-old American tourist was disappointed to realize that, in fact, the Sichuan province is not entirely made of spicy beef, in spite of its famously piquant cuisine.
A fowl flying up from water is careful not to make it turbid.
A fox and a bear lived together.
A fox came along.
A fox doesn't need the bravery of a lion, a lion doesn't need the foxery of a fox.
A fox is a wild animal.
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.
A fox isn’t caught twice in the same snare.
A fox killed the goose.
A fox passed by.
A fox smells its own lair first.
A fox smells its own stink first.
A fox was caught in the snare.
A fox, that had never seen a lion, when one happened to meet her, was so thoroughly terrified that she almost died from fright.
A fractious child is a troublesome thing to deal with, but a fractious man is far worse.
A fragment of ice floated by.
A fragrant breeze wafted from the garden.
A framed photo of my family hangs above my desk.
A frank laugh is better than a yellow sneer.
A free audio guide is available to all visitors to the castle.
A free demo is available.
A free man thinks of death least of all things; and his wisdom is a meditation not of death but of life.
A free market requires no government intervention.
A free port was established.
A free press is essential for democracy.
A free press is important in democratic society.
A free press is important in democratic society. It allows citizens to speak freely and criticize the country's leaders without fear. Some journalists have even lost their lives for that right.
A free society requires a free market.
A free-trade agreement between Europe and the United States is currently under negotiation.
A freezing beggar was brought into the hospital for treatment. However, he didn't have even one cent with which to settle the bill.
A freezing beggar was brought into the hospital for treatment. However, he didn’t have even one cent with which to settle the bill.
A freight train has derailed just south of Stockholm.
A frenzied feasting tells of the beginning.
A fresco was found under a layer of plaster.
A fresh layer of snow covered the street.
A fresh wind blew away the dark clouds.
A fresh wind dispersed the dark clouds.
A fresh wind scattered the dark clouds.
A fresh wind was blowing.
A freshly baked cake doesn't cut easily.
A freshly baked cake doesn’t cut easily.
A freshwater lake covered the region 50 million years ago.
A fridge prevents food from going bad.
A fridge that works well saves a considerable amount of energy.
A friend I went with on our first trip abroad had his wallet pickpocketed. I don't think it left a very good impression.
A friend I went with on our first trip abroad had his wallet pickpocketed. I don’t think it left a very good impression.
A friend and local restaurateur has stopped following the news. He says it is all too depressing. Better not to know. Better to stay ignorant.
A friend came to see me yesterday.
A friend can also be a bitch.
A friend can also be a jerk.
A friend can also be a son of a bitch.
A friend can be an asshole.
A friend comes to play at our house tomorrow.
A friend deceived her.
A friend dropped me off.
A friend gave me some tips on how to make a simple but impressive dinner.
A friend in hand is worth two in the bush!
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend in the market is better than money in the chest.
A friend invited me to dinner.
A friend invited us to her home for dinner.
A friend is a gift one gives oneself.
A friend is a second self.
A friend is always available to you.
A friend is always ready to do a favor.
A friend is an alter ego.
A friend is another me.
A friend is easier lost than found.
A friend is going to phone me tomorrow.
A friend is hard to find and easy to lose.
A friend is hard to find, but easy to lose.
A friend is like another me.
A friend is one who, knowing all your secrets, still likes you.
A friend is ringing me tomorrow.
A friend is someone who knows everything about you and still likes you.
A friend is someone who likes you even though he knows everything about you.
A friend is staying at my house tonight.
A friend is the greatest treasure.
A friend joked about holding a fart contest.
A friend just bought one.
A friend learning French is having trouble with all the puns in this game.
A friend lent me that book.
A friend loaned this book to me.
A friend of Tom's had his identity stolen.
A friend of a friend is also a friend.
A friend of everyone is a friend of no one.
A friend of hers was waiting for her at the gate.
A friend of his told me.
A friend of mine approached me to say hello.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
A friend of mine asked me to send him a postcard.
A friend of mine called me last night.
A friend of mine called me up last night.
A friend of mine called on me at my office.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
A friend of mine came to see me the other the day.
A friend of mine came to see me.
A friend of mine came to visit me at my office.
A friend of mine can speak Hindi fluently.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
A friend of mine died last week.
A friend of mine gave it to me.
A friend of mine has recently divorced her husband.
A friend of mine invited me to dinner.
A friend of mine is coming this evening.
A friend of mine is distantly related to Emily Dickinson.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who can speak French.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who speaks French.
A friend of mine is seeking employment.
A friend of mine is studying abroad.
A friend of mine is throwing me a party tomorrow.
A friend of mine is very fond of stoats.
A friend of mine is waiting for me at the gate.
A friend of mine is waiting for me outside the library.
A friend of mine just got married.
A friend of mine made it with a mask.
A friend of mine once half-joked that Toki Pona is like a minority language of Esperantoland.
A friend of mine recently slipped on a toy car that his son had left lying on the stairs, and has broken his big toe.
A friend of mine said he met you yesterday.
A friend of mine said that he met you yesterday.
A friend of mine said that he prefers to die before he reaches old age, as he understands that old age is always accompanied by endless suffering.
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad.
A friend of mine wants to go to Hawaii in April next year but doesn't know how much it will cost.
A friend of mine went to America this summer.
A friend of mine went to Australia last winter.
A friend of my sister is French.
A friend of your father's friend is not always your father's friend.
A friend of your father’s friend is not always your father’s friend.
A friend sent the fruit as a gift.
A friend shows in misfortune.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
A friend to everybody is a friend to leisure.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
A friend to everyone is a friend to none.
A friend told me about Tatoeba.
A friend told me that story.
A friend was there with Ziri.
A friend's coming over tomorrow.
A friend's loyalty is something very beautiful.
A friendly kiss doesn't last one minute, I think.
A friendly word achieves more than brute force.
A friendship is the most valuable thing in the world.
A friend’s coming over tomorrow.
A frikandel is not a healthy snack.
A frog came out of the water.
A frog cannot sing like a nightingale.
A frog in a field doesn't scare a rural person.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
A frog in a well doesn’t know the ocean.
A frog is an amphibian.
A frog is not the same as a toad.
A frosty east-west relationship led to a sort of brinkmanship where both NATO and Russia flew military aircraft close to the other side's frontiers or even deliberately made brief incursions into the other side's airspace, either to test air defence capabilities or as part of a pattern of intimidation or coercion.
A frown may express anger or displeasure.
A frozen mammoth has been found in Siberia.
A frozen road is slippery.
A fruit fly drowned in my Champagne.
A fruit salad, please.
A fucking menopausal old bitch was complaining about me for no reason.
A full description of him has been circulated in every newspaper.
A full house beat a flush.
A full moon always brings the crazies out.
A full moon appears approximately once a month. When the moon gets closest to the Earth in its orbit, it appears bigger and brighter than usual and is called a supermoon.
A full moon can be seen tonight.
A full moon is shining bright in the sky.
A full solar eclipse passed over Africa on Sunday, briefly darkening skies as it moved across the continent.
A full stomach breeds betrayal — even of God.
A full tank lasts me a week.
A full tank of gasoline lasts me a week.
A full-grown African elephant weighs about four tons.
A fully robotic kitchen with a robot chef that can cook thousands of dishes could be a gamechanger in homes and restaurants around the world.
A function that is both quasiconvex and quasiconcave is quasilinear.
A function that is differentiable everywhere is continuous.
A functionary escorted us upstairs to Mr. Jackson's office.
A fund was launched to set up a monument in memory of the dead man.
A fund was set up to preserve endangered marine life.
A fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet.
A funeral is a pageant whereby we attest our respect for the dead by enriching the undertaker, and strengthen our grief by an expenditure that deepens our groans and doubles our tears.
A funeral prayer in absentia was held for Sami.
A funeral was held for Ziri.
A fungus is a group of organisms that produces spores and eats up organic material, like the yeasts in bread or beer, the mushrooms in your salad, the mold that may grow if you let that salad sit in the refrigerator for too long or even the organisms that produce antibiotics like penicillin.
A funny thing happened at school today.
A funny thing happened to me on the way here today.
A funny thing happened to me today!
A funny thing happened to me today.
A funny thing that my Mexican poet friend José T. said to me was "English is not in my universe."
A furious elephant kicks out the fencing of his enclosure and sends the keeper flying.
A furious storm began unexpectedly.
A furnace is an enclosed chamber in which heat is produced to heat buildings, destroy refuse, smelt or refine ores, etc.
A further reduction would make us go into the red.
A furuncle formed on his foot.
A fuse has blown.
A fuse must have blown.
A fussy referee can ruin a bout.
A future conceivable sophisticated AI language generator would take parameters like typology, phonology, morphology, lexicology, syntax, semantics, etc., then would output a whole new language.
A gag order has been issued.
A gaggle of intoxicated youths stopped to ponder whether there is an Opposite Day in Bizarro World.
A gait belt is used to help people move. You wrap it around their waist, and as you move you grab onto the belt to steady the person.
A galaxy contains not only stars, but clouds of gas and dust.
A galaxy is a cluster of stars, dust, and gas which is held together by gravity.
A galaxy is a huge collection of gas, dust, and of stars and their solar systems.
A game about planning, patience, and patterns might help keep our minds sharp.
A game of Go starts with an empty board and Black plays first unless playing with a handicap.
A game of baseball takes, in general, 2.5 to 3 hours.
A game of basketball was being played, and those not engaged in the game itself were sitting around watching its progress.
A game will be probably called off.
A gander is a male goose.
A gang is a group of criminals.
A gang of armed attackers surrounded Tom.
A gang of thieves broke into the bank.
A gang of thieves works these parts.
A gang of three robbed the bank in broad daylight.
A gap opened between Michael and Linda.
A gaping mouth inevitably attracts flies.
A garbage person has made some valuable things evil.
A garden can give two separate pleasures: the pleasure of the growing plant with its individual beauty, and the pleasure of the garden as a whole.
A garden is a place where we plant trees and other plants.
A garden is the reflection of the gardener.
A garden planted with pine trees.
A gardener takes care of the grounds.
A gardener was called in to design the garden.
A gargle with salt water is good for coughs.
A gas station is one kilometer ahead.
A gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking.
A gay Russian couple got married today in Argentina.
A gaze can tell anything.
A gazelle passed by.
A gazelle walked out of the bush.
A gem is worth whatever a rich fool will give for it.
A gender dysphoria diagnosis has nothing to do with being good or bad at math.
A gender neutral bathroom is in the basement of Beck, but it's pretty well hidden.
A gene is a chemical substance, or a molecule, that can encode, store, and transfer information between organisms.
A general agreement was reached to continue these contacts and negotiations, both at the level of various working groups and at higher levels.
A general can't cry in front of his men.
A general danger begets unanimity.
A general election was in the air.
A general election will be held in May.
A general is a high-ranking military officer.
A general pays attention not only to the enemy, but also to his own soldiers.
A general straggling, trampish look about him was not helped by patched blue fatigues.
A general strike might be a solution.
A general strike will take place on the 29th.
A generation which ignores history has no past—and no future.
A generous man contributed some two billion yen to charity.
A generous person enriches themselves by giving; a miserly person impoverishes themselves by taking.
A generous tax break will be provided to foreign companies that set up factories in the area.
A genie appeared when Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp.
A genie came out of the bottle.
A genius can sometimes have rude manners.
A genius is a person with extraordinary creative abilities.
A genocide was looming in Myanmar.
A genocide was taking place in Darfur.
A gentile gave Esther's family a place to hide during the Nazi occupation of Budapest.
A gentle breeze blew through the field.
A gentle breeze created waves in the lake.
A gentle breeze is blowing.
A gentle breeze stirred the air.
A gentle drizzle fell.
A gentle drizzle was falling.
A gentle humour is on display in many of the novel's scenes.
A gentle massage could ease the tension.
A gentle rain fell.
A gentle rain was falling.
A gentle touch can show more care than words.
A gentle touch is better than hair pulling.
A gentle wind is blowing.
A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond.
A gentle wind was blowing.
A gentleman called in your absence, sir.
A gentleman insists on seeing you.
A gentleman is a man of independent means.
A gentleman is always kind to others.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
A gentleman is someone who knows how play the banjo but doesn't.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn't.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn’t.
A gentleman should buy his girlfriend flowers.
A gentleman should open doors for his girlfriend.
A gentleman stood in front of the bank.
A gentleman would never do something like that.
A gentleman would not do such a thing.
A gentleman would not say such a thing.
A gentleman would not spit on the street.
A gentleman would pay for his girlfriend's lunch.
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
A gentleman wouldn’t do such a thing.
A gentleman, in hell itself, stays a gentleman.
A geographic understanding of climate requires knowledge of seasonal as well as annual precipitation patterns.
A gerontologist suggested that better palliative care facilities for patients who are nearing the end of their lives might be better than legalizing assisted suicide.
A gesture is enough for a scholar to understand us.
A gesture is enough to be understood by a scholar.
A ghost came flying towards us.
A ghost is an outward and visible sign of an inward fear.
A ghost is looking at me.
A ghost is moving things around the house.
A ghost writer is a writer who writes for someone else, and the latter, for practical purposes, is considered the sole author.
A ghostwriter is an author who writes for someone that, in practice, only supplies his signature.
A ghoul haunts this basement.
A giant 100kg gold coin issued by the Royal Canadian Mint, dubbed the "Big Maple Leaf", has been stolen from the Bode Museum in Berlin.
A giant alien appeared.
A giant bug came chasing after Flavio.
A giant burrowing bat fossil has been discovered in New Zealand.
A giant creature started to devour everyone.
A giant icicle fell from the roof.
A giant lizard is destroying the city!
A giant monster appeared right behind Ziri.
A giant monster made from lava started crawling towards Pietro.
A giant monster rose up from inside the hole.
A giant rhinoceros the size of three African elephants once grazed on treetops in Tibet, but succumbed to climate change more than 20 million years ago.
A giant robot stomped through the city.
A giant wall cuts through the West Bank.
A giant wave flooded the canoe.
A giant wild boar jumped out of the bushes.
A gift for him, from her.
A gift for you.
A gift of cheesecake is apparently good to soothe discord.
A gifted person ought to learn English (barring spelling and pronouncing) in thirty hours, French in thirty days, and German in thirty years.
A gigantic bird came flying toward him.
A gilet is a jacket without arms.
A giraffe calf grows rapidly.
A giraffe can guzzle many gallons of water in one go.
A giraffe can reach speeds of sixty kilometers per hour.
A giraffe can run up to 35 miles per hour.
A giraffe can run up to thirty miles per hour.
A giraffe can see a predator that's approaching from a long distance away.
A giraffe can speed up to thirty miles per hour.
A giraffe can spot a predator from a distance.
A giraffe could go weeks without water.
A giraffe extends its neck to get food.
A giraffe gives birth to one calf at a time.
A giraffe has a distinctive look.
A giraffe has an unusual morphology.
A giraffe has only seven vertebrae in the neck.
A giraffe herd has close bonds.
A giraffe herd is a close family.
A giraffe is a crazy-looking animal.
A giraffe is a herbivore.
A giraffe is roaming in the area.
A giraffe kick can kill a lion.
A giraffe kick is incredibly powerful.
A giraffe kick is incredibly strong.
A giraffe may live up to 25 years.
A giraffe neck vertebra can be five inches long.
A giraffe never works alone because it always has a long neck.
A giraffe weighs approximately a ton.
A giraffe won't hesitate to attack you if it feels threatened.
A giraffe would never leave her calf behind.
A giraffe's coat is a camouflage.
A giraffe's coat is adapted to its habitat.
A giraffe's coat is perfectly matched to its habitat.
A giraffe's coat pattern is equivalent to a human's fingerprint.
A giraffe's diet consists mainly of acacia leaves.
A giraffe's diet consists of plant matter.
A giraffe's gestation period can last for up to 160 days.
A giraffe's hear is exceptionally strong.
A giraffe's heart is nearly thirty times heavier than a human's.
A giraffe's kick could kill a lion.
A giraffe's neck can be over 6 feet long.
A giraffe's neck has seven vertebrae.
A giraffe's powerful legs are a lethal weapon that could kill a lion.
A giraffe's spotted coat helps it blend into its environment.
A giraffe's tongue is one and a half feet long.
A girl Ziri's age walked over to him and gave him a glass of juice.
A girl always knows.
A girl appeared before me.
A girl approached the king from among the crowd.
A girl asked Tom to dance.
A girl called me.
A girl came running, with her hair streaming in the wind.
A girl can be a tomboy.
A girl can dream, can't she?
A girl can dream, right?
A girl caught her fingers in the door.
A girl drinks the fish's water.
A girl drowned in the pond yesterday.
A girl friend?
A girl from Algeria will be attending your school next month.
A girl from America is in our class.
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
A girl has a fever.
A girl in a bright dress is sitting on a chair by the window.
A girl is not in school.
A girl is playing the flute.
A girl named Kate came to see you.
A girl named Mary did that.
A girl named Mary drowned.
A girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
A girl opened the door in answer to my knock.
A girl phoned me.
A girl quietly approached the pair's workplace. The girl did so quietly — though to be accurate, she was a mute.
A girl sat in a chair at the kitchen table.
A girl sat next to me.
A girl should not sit with her legs crossed.
A girl shouldn't say such things.
A girl stole my heart.
A girl stood there crying.
A girl was abducted in the same area.
A girl was assaulted on the metro.
A girl was attacked in the subway. The most shocking thing about it is that no passenger intervened.
A girl was attacked tonight.
A girl was making a speech in the park.
A girl was sitting behind the wheel.
A girl with blonde hair came to see you.
A girl's got to do what a girl's got to do.
A glacier loses mass when the water that forms it melts.
A glance at Chart 2 will reveal that some of these trade cycles are very short-lived.
A glance at his daughter reminded him of the necessity of procuring her assistance.
A glance at the situation today only too clearly indicates that equality of opportunity as we have known it no longer exists.
A glass can't hurt.
A glass fell off the table by itself.
A glass of beer, please.
A glass of cola goes well with crisps.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
A glass of cold water, please!
A glass of juice would help.
A glass of milk would help.
A glass of mineral water is going to quench my thirst.
A glass of orange juice refreshed me.
A glass of red wine, please.
A glass of sparkling water, please.
A glass of water is on the table.
A glass of water will do you good.
A glass of water will make you feel better.
A glass of water would help.
A glass of water, please.
A glass of white wine for me.
A glass of white wine, please.
A glass of wine helps Adriano relax after work.
A glass of wine in the evening helps me to unwind after a busy day.
A glass of wine will make you a poet.
A glass of wine will turn you into a poet.
A glass of wine, a beer, an orange juice, and a coffee with milk.
A glass of wine, please!
A glass of wine, please.
A glass won't hurt.
A glazier is a man who comes and mends windows when tennis-balls have gone through them and broken them.
A gleam of real pride quickened most ingenuously in the Older Man's pale blue eyes.
A glimmer of hope appeared in his eyes.
A glitch in software meant to encrypt and protect online transactions has potentially exposed millions of passwords, credit card numbers and other sensitive bits of information to theft by computer hackers.
A global crisis is at hand.
A global pandemic swept through the world.
A global shortage of microchips is only a part of the difficulty roiling the global automotive industry.
A gloomy look passed across Mary's face.
A glorious sight burst on our view.
A glory appeared around his head.
A glottal stop is a consonant articulated by closing and opening the glottis.
A glowing-hot meteoroid entering Earth's atmosphere is called a meteor; those meteor fragments which reach Earth's surface are meteorites. Small meteors are also known as shooting stars, while large ones are called bolides or fireballs.
A gluten-free diet is the most effective treatment for coeliac disease.
A goal is the orgasm of soccer.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A goal without a plan is only a wish.
A goat is a farm animal with horns.
A goat was given to my dad.
A goat, moreover, suckled me, as an ewe suckled Chloe.
A goatherd drove his goats, all white with snow, into a deserted cave for shelter.
A god that can be understood is not a god.
A golden forelock fell over his forehead and eyes.
A golden key opens all doors.
A golden pheasant is strutting about in the neighbour's garden.
A golden roasted turkey — with stuffing and lots of gravy — will be the highlight of the traditional Thanksgiving feast in millions of homes across America on Thursday.
A golden wedding anniversary is when two people have been married for fifty years.
A goldfinch loves freedom.
A golf ball hit Tom.
A golf driving range now sits among the durian stores and seafood restaurants on some of Ho Chi Minh City’s prime real estate, just outside of downtown.
A good Jack makes a good Jill.
A good Muslim doesn't fornicate.
A good Muslim has that inner peace that very few people would have.
A good Muslim is kind to people.
A good Muslim is supposed to be humble.
A good Muslim should speak good words to people.
A good Muslim strives to be good and righteous.
A good Muslim tries to please God, not people.
A good Tatoeba contributor adopts orphaned sentences so the rest of us can focus on Christopher Columbus and his zany antics.
A good appetite is a good sauce.
A good appetite is a sign of health.
A good appetite, sound sleep, and regular motions are the three signs of good health.
A good argument presented badly has no effect.
A good athlete is one who doesn't smoke.
A good ballboy or ballgirl must be able to concentrate hard and run fast.
A good basket needs to have a strong bottom.
A good beginning is half the battle.
A good beginning is half the task.
A good beginning is half the work.
A good beginning makes a good ending.
A good beginning promises a good ending.
A good biography is interesting and instructive.
A good book can completely absorb your attention, to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence.
A good book is a great companion.
A good book is like a garden you carry with you in your bag.
A good book is the best friend, now and forever.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
A good bottle of wine ought to be shared.
A good bottle of wine should be shared.
A good boy doesn't say a thing like that.
A good brandy completes a fine meal.
A good businessman knows how to make money.
A good camel should never show disrespect for its master.
A good case can be made for the legalization of drugs.
A good cat, a good rat.
A good change can never come too late.
A good citizen obeys the laws.
A good coach is like a father to his players.
A good coach is like a parent to the players.
A good coach trains this team.
A good coffee with milk in the morning will wake you up for the day.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
A good conscience is the best pillow.
A good conscience makes a sound sleeper.
A good conversation is like music: it reverberates in our soul.
A good cook can make delicious food using limited ingredients.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
A good cook doesn’t throw out yesterday’s soup.
A good cook is a good doctor.
A good craftsman says that the more you learn a trade, the more difficult it becomes.
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.
A good daughter will make a good wife.
A good daughter-in-law is better than a daughter; a good son-in-law is better than a son.
A good day begins with you.
A good deal of contemporary celebrity is tied to fan stupidity.
A good deal remains to be done.
A good deed is its own reward.
A good deed lightens a dark world.
A good deed never goes unpunished.
A good dictionary just came out with more than ten thousand entries.
A good dictionary was just published. It has around ten thousand articles.
A good dinner needs a good dessert.
A good diplomat is a person who practices the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
A good diplomat is a person who practises the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
A good doctor follows his own directions.
A good doctor is sympathetic to his patients.
A good dress is a card of invitation, while a good mind is a letter of recommendation.
A good education doesn't imply a good upbringing.
A good education doesn't make a good person, but a good person with the right education can change the world for a lot of people.
A good education paves the way to a better future.
A good example of homonyms in Portuguese are the words "sessão", "seção" and "cessão".
A good flag design should be able to be drawn by a six-year-old with two or three crayons and be recognizable after about five minutes of drawing.
A good follow-up research project would be to study the patterns of emotion words used in social media posts.
A good friend is compassionate.
A good friend is someone who knows about your past, believes in your future, and accepts you for who you are!
A good friend never forgets us.
A good friend of mine wanted to write a poem dedicated to stoats, but gave up after realising he could never hope to create anything so beautiful that it would deserve to bask in the stoat glory.
A good friend will stand by you through thick and thin.
A good friend wouldn't have acted in this manner.
A good harvest is expected this year.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special.
A good heart never becomes proud.
A good horse does not graze where it has trodden.
A good horse is worth its fodder.
A good horse knows its rider.
A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning.
A good husband makes a good wife.
A good idea always comes too late.
A good idea came across her mind at the last moment.
A good idea came across his mind at the last moment.
A good idea came across my mind.
A good idea came into his mind.
A good idea came into my head.
A good idea came into my mind.
A good idea came to him.
A good idea came to me some minutes ago.
A good idea came to me while I was in the bath.
A good idea came to me while taking a bath.
A good idea came to me.
A good idea came to mind.
A good idea came upon me.
A good idea can be recognised by the fact that it's stolen.
A good idea crossed his mind.
A good idea entered my mind.
A good idea just occurred to me.
A good idea occurred to him.
A good idea occurred to me at that time.
A good idea occurred to me just then.
A good idea occurred to me last night.
A good idea occurred to me then.
A good idea occurred to me.
A good idea presented itself.
A good idea sprung to my mind.
A good idea struck her.
A good idea struck me.
A good idea suddenly came to me.
A good idea suddenly struck her.
A good idea suddenly struck me.
A good is known only after it is lost.
A good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and programming in C++ is important for a job in banking my lecturer said.
A good landing is any landing you walk away from.
A good lawyer is a bad neighbor.
A good lawyer will always zero in on a key piece of evidence.
A good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client.
A good lie is easier to believe than the truth.
A good life pleases God.
A good magician never reveals his tricks.
A good man in an evil society seems the greatest villain of all.
A good man is hard to find.
A good man speaks about what he has seen and heard, but a bad man speaks about what he has eaten and drunk.
A good management would listen to reasonable demands.
A good many of the pictures on exhibition were sold on the opening day.
A good many people have an interest in things American.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
A good many people went there.
A good many people were there.
A good marriage is that in which each appoints the other guardian of his solitude.
A good master wouldn't let his dog out in such cold weather.
A good mastery of these idiomatic expressions and skillful use of them in writing essays.
A good mediator can make a deal go smoothly.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
A good memory is a curse that looks like a blessing.
A good memory is his weapon.
A good method for investing is a monthly allotment.
A good method plays a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability.
A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
A good name is better than wealth.
A good name is the best dowry.
A good negotiator plays his cards close to his chest.
A good neighbor is better than a bad relative.
A good neighbor is better than a faraway brother.
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
A good neighbour is better than a faraway friend.
A good newspaper reporter takes advantage of what he learns from any source, even the "little bird told him so" type of source.
A good night's sleep will do me good.
A good night's sleep will do you a lot of good.
A good night's sleep will do you a world of good.
A good night's sleep will do you good.
A good pair of glasses will help you read.
A good pair of glasses will help you to read.
A good password should be difficult to guess, but easy to remember.
A good person is a moral person.
A good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing.
A good poker player can tell when someone’s bluffing.
A good politician is a person who promises nothing concrete and shows consistency in keeping this promise.
A good portion of those who took part in the programme were volunteers.
A good programmer will influence everyone around him.
A good purpose makes hard work a pleasure.
A good quality example sentence is important.
A good question contains half the answer.
A good question deserves a good reply.
A good question is already half of the answer.
A good question is the half of knowledge.
A good question.
A good recipe for supper is roasted chicken thighs with carrots.
A good relationship developed between the two countries.
A good reputation is worth its weight in gold.
A good result is in prospect.
A good run is better than a bad stand.
A good sacrifice is a sacrifice that is not.
A good sailor only requires a short time to get his sea legs.
A good salesman will not encroach on his customer's time.
A good salesman will not encroach on his customer’s time.
A good sense of humor will help you deal with hard times.
A good sentence is not necessarily a good example sentence.
A good soldier considers his actions.
A good son is always anxious to please his parents.
A good specimen might weigh up to a kilo.
A good squid can swim in any sea.
A good start is half the work.
A good start predicts a good end.
A good start to the match is crucial if we're to win.
A good store is where the bread is always hot and the drinks are always cold.
A good strategy will provide opportunities for tactical maneuvers capable of weakening the opponent's defenses.
A good strong cup of coffee is what I need.
A good student like Tom brings honor to our class.
A good student like him brings honor to our class.
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
A good surgeon has an eagle’s eye, a lion’s heart, and a lady’s hand.
A good sweat will cure a cold.
A good teacher explains things.
A good teacher makes good students.
A good teacher must be patient with his pupils.
A good teacher must be patient with his students.
A good team is a group of individuals who work together to achieve a common goal.
A good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation.
A good thing about India is that it has preserved the writing systems of its various languages.
A good thing cannot be done too soon, no matter how soon you do it.
A good thought passed through my mind.
A good time to delete your own sentence is when you don't understand it yourself.
A good time was had by all.
A good tool decreases the work by half.
A good translator is one who, akin to a worm, can squirm with delight around in the author's brain mass, and leave through the tongue to have its taste impressions confirmed, and then leave well-formed traces on paper line after line, sheet after sheet, until the last page is done — and he once again returns to his former self, and as a member of the smallest and least respected low-salary group, signs up yet again to exert his effort for God's representative on earth, the publishers.
A good translator translates not words, but sentences.
A good tree can't bear bad fruits.
A good tree can’t bear bad fruits.
A good trumpet player doesn't sound like that.
A good warranty would make me feel better.
A good way to boost reading and listening skills in a target language is to read or listen to the news.
A good way to get to know a foreign country is to go there.
A good way to help us is to translate sentences by native speakers into your own native language.
A good way to master a foreign language is to study every day, even if just for a short time.
A good way to memorize advanced words is to look up their etymologies.
A good wife is worth a golden plow.
A good word costs nothing.
A good word goes far, but a bad one goes farther.
A good word may split open a rock, but a bad word - a head.
A good work of art fills me with joy.
A good workman always takes care of his tools.
A good writer can reshape and improve his text many times.
A good writer needs to be able to simplify complicated things.
A good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else.
A good-looking horse may sometimes break down.
A goodbye party was held for Mr. Jones.
A googol is 1 followed by 100 zeros.
A googol is ten to the power of one hundred.
A goose got sucked into the engine, causing the turbine to jam and the engine to fail.
A goose is a water bird.
A gorgeous pair of swans were swimming on the lake.
A gorgeous woman was sitting all by herself at the counter.
A gosling is a baby goose.
A gothic, but spooky, castle in the medieval Transylvanian city of Sighisoara may not be a place to spend the night alone.
A government doesn't always represent its people, even though it should.
A government official answered the reporters' questions.
A government official answered the reporters’ questions.
A government official's stately mansion was looted.
A government official’s stately mansion was looted.
A government statement warned of the risk of war in the country.
A government suffers from civil affairs.
A government's policy should be to give whatever is needed to improve the life standards.
A government’s policy should be to give whatever is needed to improve the life standards.
A grade is not a measure of knowledge.
A grain of corn is always wrong in front of a chicken.
A grain of judgment is worth more than a pound of subtleties.
A grain of sand fell into my eye.
A grain of sand has fallen into my eye.
A grain of sand went in my eye.
A grain of sand, looking at the sky, saw a star and fell in love with it.
A grand jury found him not guilty of any crime.
A grandmother is sending her grandson to school.
A grape went down my windpipe.
A grasshopper and many ants lived in a field.
A grasshopper jumps away from the bird.
A grasshopper landed in the middle of the salad at the picnic.
A grave will always offer the best protection from the storms of destiny.
A grave will always offer the best protection from the storms of fate.
A gravelly voice is not exactly uncommon in the world of video game protagonists.
A gray fish is calmly swimming in the stream.
A grayish fish is calmly swimming in the stream.
A great Argentine musician died today.
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
A great artist can dazzle us with images that are, when deconstructed, nothing more than brush strokes applied over a taut piece of canvas.
A great artist was born.
A great black night wrapped the city in an oppressively comforting ennui.
A great catastrophe is expected.
A great change has come about after the war.
A great crowd waited for the president to speak.
A great deal has happened since that time.
A great deal has happened while you've been away.
A great deal is at stake.
A great deal more is possible.
A great deal of beer is consumed in the pub.
A great deal of energy is locked up in the nucleus.
A great deal of research is needed.
A great deal of water is used in the production of paper.
A great disaster befell him.
A great earthquake hit Mexico this fall.
A great earthquake occurred in Rome during the reign of Tiberius.
A great example of a corporate psychopath is Elon Musk.
A great fire broke out on june th and th.
A great fire was lighted in the courtyard in which she was to be burnt, and the King stood above at the window and looked on with tearful eyes, because he still loved her so much.
A great flight of rooks passed silently over their heads.
A great friend of mine passed away.
A great future is reserved for him.
A great future lies before her.
A great harvest does not grow in a short time.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
A great light was diffused over the baseball stadium.
A great loss of human life was reported due to trigger-happy shooting.
A great love is a credit opened in favor of a power so consuming that the moment of bankruptcy must inevitably occur.
A great lover of children, Handel once conducted the Messiah for the benefit of a hospital for little children, to which he gave large sums.
A great man doesn't care about his appearance.
A great man doesn’t care about his appearance.
A great man has died.
A great man is hard on himself; a small man is hard on others.
A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men.
A great man will be remembered for his achievements.
A great many brave men and women will accompany me on the road to victory.
A great many cows are grazing on the mountain pastures.
A great many houses were damaged in the earthquake.
A great many non-Jews speak and use Yiddish, and they play an important, integral role in modern Yiddish culture, but the language is intimately linked with the past, present, and future of the Ashkenazi Jewish people.
A great many people attended his funeral.
A great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics.
A great many people were saddened by the news.
A great many satellites orbit the Earth.
A great many students were absent from school.
A great many tourists visit Kyoto in spring.
A great motivation for Far Eastern languages to conserve sinograms is to distinguish their many homonyms.
A great motivation for keeping sinograms in Oriental languages is to distinguish the multitude of homonyms.
A great number of accidents happen every year.
A great number of books are published every year.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
A great number of people were killed in a moment.
A great number of students battled for freedom of speech.
A great number of these buildings are World Heritage Sites.
A great part of Donald's childhood was filled with happy memories.
A great party that was.
A great poet is said to have lived here.
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences.
A great renovation program of the city roads has just been launched.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
A great responsibility lies on our shoulders.
A great responsibility lies with you.
A great revolution has taken place in technology.
A great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher.
A great ship asks deep waters.
A great ship needs deep waters.
A great spirit errs as well as a little one, the former because it knows no bounds, the latter because it confounds its own horizon with that of the universe.
A great student is what the teacher hopes to be.
A great thought came to my head.
A great treasure was discovered in a sunken ship.
A great variety of plants and animals live in the tropical rain forest.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn’t have to fight to the death.
A great way to preserve these figs is to make jam with them.
A great wine is not the work of a single man, but the result of a long and refined tradition. There are more than a thousand years of history in an old bottle.
A great, unexpected earthquake occurred on 11 March.
A greater joy than I had dared to hope for has come to pass. You will rejoice at my joy, for you love me better than any one.
A greater yet and ghastlier sign remained / our heedless hearts to terrify anew.
A greedy person isn't happy poor or rich.
A green banana is not ripe enough to eat.
A green banana isn't ripe enough to eat.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
A green carpet won't go well with these blue curtains.
A green color is a characteristic of that type of apple.
A green field is a beautiful field.
A green light is on.
A green light means go.
A green tea, please.
A greenhouse stays warmer than the air outside. Instead of cooling off at night, it traps some of the heat inside to keep the plants warm.
A greenish fish is calmly swimming in the stream.
A greeting is a type of phatic expression.
A grey day it is on the 4th of November of 2021. At the pizzeria, I could not sit eating my pizza at my regular table just outside the window, as a crowd of fresh brown teenagers were eating pizza there. So, I sat inside by the window. I could see the hairy arms of one brown teenager at the table outside. I went then to the cafe to have my usual iced green tea. I saw a longtime Filipino friend named Alma, who worked before at a corner convenience store, but now is in health care.
A grill puts out a lot of heat.
A grimoire is a book of magic.
A grimy fly can soil the entire wall and a small, dirty little act can ruin the entire proceedings.
A grin spread across his lips.
A gritty story of redemption and hope in a ramshackle urban township is the South African entry for this year's Academy Awards and one of the five finalists for Best Foreign Language Film.
A grizzly bear may be larger than a Siberian tiger, but the tiger is much quicker.
A grizzly bear's diet is diverse.
A groan escaped him.
A gross is 144 units.
A gross is a dozen dozens.
A groundbreaking new device is helping those who are blind see in a new way by helping them perceive the world around them.
A grounding-type plug has two blades and a third grounding prong.
A group of American architects, product designers, engineers and scientists have developed the seven principles of universal design.
A group of Catholic esperantists listened to him in St Peter's Square.
A group of Dutch high school students arrived in Harlingen after sailing across the Atlantic.
A group of Indigenous people is prepping a bid to bring the 2030 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games to Vancouver, Canada.
A group of Muslims was praying in public.
A group of about 40 counterprotesters showed up to the rally.
A group of adult owls is called a parliament.
A group of aliens survived.
A group of anarchists vandalized shops and threw rocks and Molotov cocktails at police.
A group of boys were coming up to me.
A group of boys were picking on Ziri.
A group of business majors from Washington Adventist University spends every Thursday evening at a local coin laundry, helping kids from the poor, mostly immigrant neighborhood do their math homework and practice their English.
A group of children is playing downstairs.
A group of children were playing in the park.
A group of children were playing.
A group of dolphins came and protected us from the sharks.
A group of elves accompany him.
A group of evil spirits are blocking the road.
A group of female artists in Afghanistan’s central province of Bamyan has recently opened a small pyrography and engraving studio to promote fine arts in the region.
A group of foreign students visited Akira's high school.
A group of foreign students visited Akira’s high school.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, i.e. Tokyo.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, in other words Tokyo.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, that is to say Tokyo.
A group of foxes is a skulk.
A group of foxes is called a skulk.
A group of friends enjoyed a leisurely paddle with their kayaks.
A group of friends, some arm in arm, came walking down a quiet evening street, chatting as they went.
A group of frogs is called an army.
A group of gangsters stole money.
A group of gangsters stole the money.
A group of girls were posing for selfies.
A group of handsome girls, all hooded and fur-booted, and all chattering at once, tripped lightly off to some near neighbour's house.
A group of horsemen rode up.
A group of investors wants to buy out the company.
A group of journalists in August 2020 released a joint statement calling on the government and political parties to stop sexualized online abuse directed at women who report critically on the government.
A group of languages related via a common ancestor, or proto-language, is referred to as a language family.
A group of men stands in front of the hut.
A group of men walked by.
A group of men wearing masks attacked Tom.
A group of militia saw him and began shooting.
A group of moose is called a herd.
A group of nine young poets gathered around him.
A group of only two points is part of only one line.
A group of people gathered around Tom and watched him dance.
A group of people gathered around Tom to watch him dance.
A group of people gathered, protesting the clearing of the land.
A group of people ran down the beach.
A group of people started off in snow boots.
A group of protestors opened wine barrels in a city in the south of France, dumping thousands of liters onto the streets.
A group of ramblers walked briskly past our house.
A group of researchers has successfully transplanted lab grown bone cells into patients with damaged jaw bones.
A group of scientists at Bristol University, led by senior lecturer Anthony Croxford, discovered that sending hundreds of different ultrasonic waves into a structure, and then listening and analyzing their echoes can be used to detect the tiniest cracks.
A group of scientists stood by, ready to record the experiment.
A group of scientists were on board with them.
A group of skinheads beat Tom to death.
A group of skinheads gathered near the mosque.
A group of stones is in atari if it has only one liberty and is thus threatened of capture on the next move.
A group of students built an orthopaedic hand using a 3-D printer.
A group of students constructed an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
A group of students stands at a platform, craning their necks to catch a glimpse of the train as it streams in. They say they have come to see what a state of the art transportation system is all about.
A group of students stood in the street.
A group of students were building an orthopaedic hand using a 3-D printer.
A group of students were constructing an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
A group of teenagers robbed me of my money.
A group of teens loudly flouts the distancing guidelines.
A group of terrorists kidnapped Matoub in 1994 and threatened to kill him.
A group of the meteorologists lived and worked on the island.
A group of tourists blocked our view.
A group of tourists was blocking our view.
A group of tourists were blocking our view.
A group of us from Westmont is going to Ensanada this weekend as well!
A group of visitors, wearing fire-engine red helmets, takes an elevator deep underground. From there, the group follows project leader Peter Jenni up creaky stairs to dizzying heights. Engineers and technicians are installing a massive detector, about the height of a six-story building. Jenni explains how it works.
A group of wild dogs had attacked Matthew's sheep, killing several before he could intervene.
A group of women in Senegal have been supplying solar panels to country homes that are off the power grid.
A group of writers has value in literary history.
A group of young girls surrounded Tom.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
A group of young men were fighting.
A group of young people gathered near the movie theater.
A group of youths attacked the old man.
A group representing potato farmers said they're expecting harvests to be 25 percent smaller than last year and warned that the losses may lead not only to more expensive but also shorter French fries—because the spuds are so small this year.
A group representing potato farmers said they're expecting harvests to be 25 percent smaller than last year.
A group started a campaign to preserve rain forests.
A group with only one eye is not alive.
A grouping of local businesses held a canned food drive for the homeless this past Saturday.
A grove stood in the city, rich in shade, / where storm-tost Tyrians, past the perilous brine, / dug from the ground, by royal Juno's aid, / a war-steed's head, to far-off days a sign / that wealth and prowess should adorn the line.
A grower in Rhode Island has smashed his own son's giant pumpkin record with a gourd weighing 1,026 kilograms (2,261 pounds).
A growing boy can't sit quietly for an hour.
A growing child requires more food.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
A growing child who doesn’t seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
A growing child who is not full of beans probably needs medical attention.
A growing craze is animating the barbarians.
A growing demand by the middle class and increasing trade between African countries act like a shock absorber for the global economic slowdown.
A growing kid needs their vegetables.
A growing number of Algerian academics are interested in Matoub Lounes's works.
A growing number of children of various ages in several European countries have been admitted to hospitals with high fever and heart issues. Some also have suffered from gastrointestinal problems, such as vomiting and diarrhea.
A growing number of countries are resorting to draconian measures such as self-isolation, social distancing, and travel bans to curb the spread of COVID-19.
A growing number of people are walking in front of traffic and being run over while texting.
A growing population of nearly a quarter million Navajos continue to live a largely traditional lifestyle on tribal lands, and Navajo artistic tradition also continues to flourish.
A growth has formed on my nape.
A gruff voice broke the silence.
A guard appeared out of thin air.
A guard approached Alberto and asked him what he was doing there.
A guard came to take Ziri to another cell.
A guard is outside.
A guard is standing outside.
A guard killed Tom.
A guard shot Tom.
A guard suddenly appeared in front of us.
A guard told Ziri that he could help him escape.
A guard took Tom's gun.
A guard took Ziri’s gun.
A guard's been killed.
A guest at an inopportune time is a heavy burden.
A guest at the hotel just went up the stairs.
A guest for a while, sees for a mile.
A guest has sharp eyes.
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
A guide conducted the visitors round the museum.
A guide dog really makes a difference in your life.
A guide for people who have fled their homelands and live and work in Germany.
A guide showed the tourists the museum.
A guide, on finding a man who has lost his way, brings him back to the right path — he does not mock and jeer at him and then take himself off.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
A guitar normally has six strings, while a bass guitar normally has four strings.
A gulf divided him from them.
A gun might come in handy.
A gun won't do you much good if you're not willing to shoot it.
A gun won’t do you much good if you’re not willing to shoot it.
A gunboat is a naval watercraft.
A gunfight started and Ziri was immediately got shot in the thigh.
A gunman shot him in March, 1981.
A gunshot was heard at 4:00 pm.
A gunshot was heard in the distance.
A gunshot went off, causing the jackals to scatter.
A gust of wind blew Curdken's hat away, and he had to chase it over hill and dale.
A gust of wind blew Mary's skirt up.
A gust of wind blew Tom's hat off.
A gust of wind blew a shower of rain directly into my face.
A gust of wind blew off Mary's hat.
A gust of wind blew out all the candles, and the room suddenly became dark.
A gust of wind blew the dustbins over.
A gust of wind blew through the office, sending papers and small objects flying in every direction.
A gust of wind is approaching.
A gust of wind knocked one of the vases off the table.
A gust of wind knocked over a large umbrella onto the diners.
A gust of wind knocked over the bicycles parked in front of the school.
A gust of wind knocked over the trash can.
A gust of wind knocked the vase off the table.
A gust of wind swelled the sails.
A gust of wind swept through the air.
A gusty breeze lifted the kite.
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe.
A guy called me an ogrish obeast.
A guy entered a bar, but he got hit by a bar with a chocolate bar on it.
A guy named Tom asked me to help.
A guy named Tom called earlier.
A guy named Tom called here yesterday.
A guy named Tom came to see you while you were out.
A guy named Tom came to see you yesterday.
A guy named Tom came to see you.
A guy named Tom started the fight.
A guy named Tom stopped by this morning.
A guy named Tom was here earlier.
A guy named Tom was looking for you this morning.
A guy nearly ran into us.
A guy who's always interested in the condition of the world, and changing it, either has no problems of his own, or refuses to face them... not wanting to face things of his own nature.
A guy with a big mustache started following me.
A gymnasium of a government department has been transformed into the operations center for a grassroots relief effort named Operation Walangiwanan — meaning “no one gets left behind.”
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time.
A habit is hard to break.
A habit is very difficult to shake off once it is formed.
A hacker gained access to sensitive files in the company's database.
A had a good job til I got fired.
A haiku is one type of poem.
A haiku ought to have a word that pins it to a season.
A hair is very thin.
A hair salon isn't a wig store.
A hairbrush lasts me indefinitely.
A haircut is urgently needed for my long hair.
A haircut will cheer me up.
A half century ago, Maine's famed lobster fishery was also in trouble. But thanks to strict curbs on the size and number and type of lobsters that may be caught, and self-regulation among lobstermen, the Maine lobster industry is now healthy and is expected to remain so.
A half marathon is 13.1 miles.
A half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks and the long, low curve of the melancholy moor.
A half-doctor kills you and a half-religious scholar kills your belief.
A half-dozen tools make up the tool collection.
A half-eaten apple lay beside the kitchen sink.
A half-naked couple was dancing frenetically in the middle of the square.
A half-truth is more pernicious than a lie.
A hallmark of fascism is the consolidation of state, media, and corporate power.
A halophile is an organism which lives in an environment of high salt concentration.
A hamburger and a cold drink cost 7 liras.
A hamburger and a soft drink cost 7.00 R$.
A hamburger here is twenty-five euros.
A hammer was used to break the window.
A hammerhead shark killed Tom.
A hamster can store 5 kg of food in its burrow.
A hand appeared from under the tent.
A hand grabbed a hold of Fyodor.
A hand has five fingers.
A hand injury put an end to Schumann's dream of becoming a pianist.
A hand-made pictorial Cambodian silk ikat that uses all-natural silk and dyes takes nearly a year to produce and can sell for thousands of dollars. But this traditional handicraft, which is being preserved by fewer than a dozen small nonprofits in the country, is at risk of disappearing.
A hand-painted wooden box holds secret treasures.
A handful of bees is worth a thousand wasps.
A handful of ripe grapes can calm hunger in the middle of the day.
A handful of schools in the U.S. started bringing home students after closing their Italy programs this week.
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
A handgun was sticking out the bag.
A handshake is more than a sign of friendship.
A handsome man is a good reason to go to hell.
A handsome young stranger tried to cut in when I was dancing with my boyfriend.
A handyman who possesses a chainsaw is not a handyman, but a terrorist.
A hang glider launched off the cliff.
A hansom cab is a coach for hire — much like a taxi.
A happy hippo is swimming in the lake.
A happy idea came upon me.
A happy life is impossible without wisdom, honesty, and justice. And these, in turn, are always part of a happy life.
A happy life primarily consists of freedom from worry.
A happy man or woman is a better thing to find than a five-pound note.
A happy morning here! I just woke up.
A happy person succeeds in life.
A happy spirit is worth more than a hefty salary.
A happy wife means a happy life.
A happy worker is a better worker.
A hard wind is blowing.
A hard-working man will succeed in life.
A hare in the forest frolics without looking back.
A hare raced with a tortoise.
A hare stopped in the clover and swinging flowerbells and said his prayer to the rainbow through the spider's web.
A harlequin wore colorful clothing and covered his face with a mask to protect his identity.
A harmony prevailed among them.
A harsh truth is worth more than a gentle lie.
A harsh winter has covered the Djurdjura peaks with ice.
A hasty hyena bites the horn.
A hat graced her head.
A hatchback car is often called a five-door vehicle.
A hate crime is defined by the FBI as a “criminal offense against a person or property motivated in whole or in part by an offender’s bias against a race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender, or gender identity.”
A hawk's feather symbolized strength.
A hawk's talon is sharp.
A hazy cloud called a coma surrounds the comet's nucleus.
A headline grabbed my attention this morning.
A health assistant was called.
A healthy and balanced diet is very important for all of us.
A healthy baby boy was born.
A healthy body and mind create lasting beauty.
A healthy body reflects inner harmony.
A healthy boy was born.
A healthy child can no more sit still than a puppy can.
A healthy company innovates constantly.
A healthy curiosity is a fine thing.
A healthy curiosity is truly a fine thing.
A healthy diet helps you live.
A healthy diet is important.
A healthy dose of skepticism is vital when listening to a politician speak.
A healthy heart leads to a healthy life.
A healthy man does not know the value of health.
A healthy person is a poorly examined sick person.
A healthy person without money is half sick!
A healthy soul is only to be found in a healthy body.
A healthy soul lives in a healthy body.
A heap is made of grains.
A heard a loud thump from upstairs.
A hearing date hasn't been set.
A hearing has been set for Monday.
A hearing is set for October 20th.
A hearing is set for October.
A heart attack can be a life-threatening condition.
A heart attack can kill you.
A heart attack often comes like lightning from a blue sky.
A heart attack, also called a myocardial infarction, happens when a part of the heart muscle doesn’t get enough blood.
A heart beats in space.
A heart beats.
A heartfelt thanks for everything!
A hearty dinner well appeased my hunger.
A heat wave in southern Europe, fed by strong hot winds from North Africa, has contributed to the outbreak of wildfires across the Mediterranean, including in Italy, Greece, Spain and Turkey.
A heat wave is expected.
A heated argument developed between the four friends.
A heated argument ensued.
A heath is often created or expanded by fire, which prevents the growth of trees.
A heavenly comfort, I don't know how, takes hold of me.
A heavily armed small group of KKK members gathered around the mosque.
A heavily delayed Norwegian airplane was able to finally depart from the Hartsfield-Jackson airport in Atlanta and head for Oslo on Tuesday night.
A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there jutted out the gray gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
A heavy frost is expected tonight.
A heavy frost is expected.
A heavy heart bears not a nimble tongue.
A heavy load is causing the plank to sag in the middle.
A heavy purse makes a light heart.
A heavy rain began to fall.
A heavy rain fell.
A heavy rain had fallen.
A heavy rain prevented me from going.
A heavy security detail escorted the presidential limousine.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
A heavy snow kept us from going to school.
A heavy snowstorm kept us from going out.
A heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave.
A heavy stone slab was placed over the grave.
A heavy storm is on its way.
A heavy tax was imposed on whiskey.
A heavy-set woman with metal-rimmed glasses speaks quietly about the disaster that has befallen her.
A hedge between keeps friendship green.
A hedgehog is born without spines.
A hedgehog needs a cage with a solid bottom.
A hedgehog needs a relatively big cage.
A hedgehog walked in the forest, forgot how to breathe and died. Then he remembered, got up and continued walking.
A hedgehog's cage needs to be a minimum of four square feet.
A hedgehog's cage needs to be an appropriate size.
A hedgehog, a mole, an otter, a bunny and a possum look like rodents, but they're not.
A helicopter arrived at the school.
A helicopter buzzed around overhead.
A helicopter came to evacuate Ziri.
A helicopter circled over us.
A helicopter flew above, distributing pamphlets.
A helicopter flew overhead just as Tom was about to propose to Mary.
A helicopter flew overhead.
A helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down.
A helicopter landed in the clearing.
A helicopter landed on the road.
A helicopter was waiting for James.
A helmet must be worn to protect the head.
A helmet would improve your chance of survival.
A hen called Peanut is the longest living chicken in the world. She is now 21 years old.
A hen laid an egg in my closet.
A hen walked across the yard, followed by her chicks.
A herd of Friesian cattle is grazing in a field in the British countryside.
A herd of cows stood in the field.
A herd of elephants form a protective circle against a perceived threat, just after one was shot with a tranquilizer dart during an operation to attach GPS tracking collars in Mikumi National Park, Tanzania, March 21, 2018.
A herd of seven elephants impresses visitors, but there are 30 species here, from lions to South American rodents called capybaras, which are found along river banks. They live here much as they would in the wild.
A herd of sheep walks across the field.
A herd of yaks came into view.
A hermit is a person who lives in a simple way apart from others especially for religious reasons.
A hermit is a person whose vices and follies are not sociable.
A hero is often just a person who doesn't have the ability to recognise danger.
A hero lies within you.
A heron flew over my head on my walk through the fog and ice this morning.
A heron, a crab, lots of fish and other creatures used to live in a pond.
A herpetologist from the Australian Museum Research Institute is credited with finding a giant, bright green flying frog—a discovery she calls unexpected.
A hexagon has six angles and six sides.
A hexagon has six sides.
A hidden lie will come to light one day or another.
A hidden passenger was discovered in the airplane.
A hideous monster used to live there.
A high CSAT test result is the entry point into a prestigious school, which leads to promotions in leading conglomerates and in turn increases one’s marriageability.
A high degree of specialization is required in that company.
A high forehead is indicative of great mental power.
A high household savings rate in Japan is attributed, among other things, to people's desire to save money to buy a home.
A high household savings rate in Japan is attributed, among other things, to people’s desire to save money to buy a home.
A high level of awareness and understanding wildlife protocol and wildlife behavior is critical to a safe experience. Cycling in grizzly bear country is inherently dangerous. Following some simple precautions can reduce risk of negative wildlife encounters and lead to a fun and rewarding cycling experience.
A high level of testosterone will drive your red blood cell count up.
A high proportion of crime in any country is perpetrated by young males in their teens and twenties.
A high savings rate is cited as one factor for Japan's strong economic growth because it means the availability of abundant investment capital.
A high savings rate is cited as one factor for Japan’s strong economic growth because it means the availability of abundant investment capital.
A high school girl posting on a web forum hinting at underaged prostitution has been arrested.
A high school in California is making students give up their cellphones during the day by having them deposit the devices in a specially sealed pouch.
A high school student made this robot.
A high wall stands all about the garden.
A high-fat diet supposedly causes heart disease.
A high-level conference in Benin this week is bringing together African heads of state and health officials to discuss efforts to contain the little-known Buruli ulcer.
A higher minimum wage can raise earnings and reduce poverty.
A higher power might exist.
A highly prized species of tuna appears to be making a slow but noticeable comeback in the Atlantic Ocean.
A highly skilled shearer can shear a sheep in two to three minutes depending on the size and condition of the sheep.
A highwayman robbed a foot passenger of his money.
A hijabi is a Muslim woman that wears the hijab.
A hijabi is a woman that wears the hijab.
A hiker went missing.
A hinny is a cross between a male horse and a female donkey.
A hinny is a hybrid offspring of two species, a male horse and a female donkey.
A hint from you is enough.
A hint of a smile lit up his face.
A hint of anxiety crosses my mind.
A hip injury three years ago is the reason Tom limps.
A hippo stepped on Tom's big toe.
A hippogryph is a fictional being: half horse, half griffin.
A hippogryph is a winged horse.
A hippopotamus can attack a human.
A hippopotamus can bite a person in half, which is an uncommon ability for a guinea pig.
A hippopotamus has huge tusks.
A hired assassin killed Tom.
A historic winter storm and frigid temperatures that have gripped at least half the United States has left more than 2.5 million Texans without power.
A historical event at Tatoeba: on July 12, 2012, Esperanto outstripped Japanese in terms of number of sentences and took second place in the ranking of languages.
A historical landmark has been restored and will reopen.
A history teacher shouldn't let go of such an opportunity.
A hit product sells for a reason.
A hive can have only one queen.
A hive of bees can pollinate up to three million flowers in a single day.
A hobo found his way into that abandoned store somehow.
A hobo lived in the neighborhood.
A hole in one is moving on the whole.
A holiday this summer is out of the question.
A hollow drum sounds much stronger.
A holy martyr was depicted on the icon.
A home is a once-in-a-lifetime purchase so you don't want to make any snap decisions.
A home is a once-in-a-lifetime purchase so you don’t want to make any snap decisions.
A home is more than a mere building.
A home is more than just a house.
A home without a mother is a sad, sad place.
A home without love is not a home any more than a body without a soul is a man.
A homeless guy is using the cave.
A homeless man and a three-year-old boy argued for an hour about whether or not Batman has superpowers, which he does not.
A homeless man banged on Lukas’s door.
A homeless man froze to death on the street on Christmas night.
A homeless man moved into that abandoned building.
A homeless man sleeping in a skip escaped injury this morning when the skip was lifted onto a truck and its contents crushed.
A homicidal maniac turned up on my doorstep.
A homophobic Hungarian politician was caught at a 25-man orgy.
A honey bee can bring back to the colony a pollen load that weighs about 35 percent of its body weight.
A honey bee colony is a highly organized society made up of three kinds of adult bees – workers, drones, and a single queen – each with specific roles.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
A honeymoon in Canada is expensive.
A hopeful society has institutions of science and medicine that do not cut ethical corners, and that recognize the matchless value of every life.
A hopeful wish comes through in a dream.
A horde of angry toddlers is the scariest thing I can imagine.
A hornbill could snatch around ten bats every evening.
A hornet is buzzing.
A horrendous situation developed. We hope the government can find a satisfactory solution.
A horrible chaos reigns in the living room.
A horrible suspicion wandered around in my brain.
A horrible thing happened here.
A horrible thing happened on that bus.
A horse bit Tom.
A horse can cost forty times the price of Miroslav's bicycle.
A horse can run faster than a human.
A horse can run faster than a man can.
A horse can run very fast.
A horse doesn't eat cucumber salad.
A horse has four legs.
A horse is a friendly animal.
A horse is an animal.
A horse is an equine.
A horse is better at galloping than a bird, but a bird is better at flying.
A horse is so useful.
A horse is standing outside the door.
A horse is stronger than a deer.
A horse is synonymous with grace, strength and great beauty.
A horse is very useful.
A horse kicked Tom.
A horse passed my house.
A horse passed through my house.
A horse pulled the cart along the road.
A horse pulled the heavy plow through the field.
A horse runs quickly.
A horse that stumbles has four legs.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why such a long face?"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"
A horse went through my house.
A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
A horse, a lion, a dog and a goat are animals.
A horsefly bit me.
A horseshoe and a black cat are not good luck signs.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
A hospital full of rules but none ordering you to remain silent?
A hospital stay isn't very enjoyable.
A hospital, please?
A host of friends came to see me off.
A host of other practical issues remain unresolved, including whether professional and academic qualifications held by Britons will be recognized in the EU.
A hostage was released.
A hot bath and then bed.
A hot bath loosened my muscles.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
A hot dog is an Americanized sausage.
A hot drink will warm you up.
A hot piadina for me, please.
A hot water bottle is something you must buy to prepare for the winter months.
A hot wind is blowing in from the south.
A hot, sunny, blue-sky day is today, the 16th of July of 2025, here on Lulu Island. As usual, I walk several times to Tim Hortons café for drinks and snacks. Today was my 70th time this year to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church at St. Albans Road. There were Polish workers doing something with the big wooden doors. I love Science, though I'm a spiritual Syncretist. At the Bamboo Grove, rose leaves littered the compost, full of fragrant rotting apples. Yesterday, the 15th, at the café, after a long time, I saw my Filipina friend Alma, an ex-worker at 7-Eleven, with her already teenage son. Then, also at the café, I saw the familiar father and daughter, who are Tahitians from New Zealand. The girl wore a pale yellow-orange hibiscus flower on her right ear. Then, I saw the familiar big Japanese-looking man mending his beige shorts at the café: "Chabacano!" he whispered. I've been eating lots of tofu lately at home.
A hound it was, an enormous coal-black hound, but not such a hound as mortal eyes have ever seen. Fire burst from its open mouth, its eyes glowed with a smouldering glare, its muzzle and hackles and dewlap were outlined in flickering flame.
A house built of wood is more easily burnt than a house of stone.
A house came into sight.
A house divided against itself can't stand.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A house divided against itself can’t stand.
A house divided on itself will collapse.
A house is a building that people live in.
A house is built on top of a solid foundation of cement.
A house is not a home.
A house like that one is rarely seen.
A house that keeps out rain and dew and is impervious to heat and cold is a wonderful thing.
A house was built for Yidir.
A house was given to Yidir.
A house without books is like a room without windows.
A house without books is like a room without windows. No man has a right to bring up his children without surrounding them with books, if he has the means to buy them. It is a wrong to his family. He cheats them! Children learn to read by being in the presence of books. The love of knowledge comes with reading and grows upon it.
A house without books is poor, even if beautiful rugs cover its floors and expensive wallpaper and pictures cover its walls.
A house without kids is like a garden without flowers.
A house without love is no more a home than a body without a soul is a man.
A house without women is lonely.
A house!
A housecat will even eat a small frog.
A household is a group that shares the same living space and finances.
A housewife has many domestic duties.
A housewife should be economical.
A housewife should strive to be economical.
A hug from you would make me happy.
A huge Christmas display is lighting up the Washington Nationals baseball stadium in the nation's capital.
A huge amount of diplomatic effort is needed to solve the Libyan crisis.
A huge amount of food is going to be needed to feed the refugees.
A huge bushfire south of Sydney that burned for more than 70 days and destroyed 300 homes has finally been put out.
A huge cherry-tree grew outside, so close that its boughs tapped against the house, and it was so thick-set with blossoms that hardly a leaf was to be seen.
A huge crowd of onlookers gathered in the square.
A huge crowd of people waited.
A huge dog put its front paw on me, and from fright I did not know what to do.
A huge dog put its paws in front of me, and I didn't know, out of fear, what to do.
A huge explosion followed.
A huge explosion occurred in Tianjin.
A huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the American economy for many years.
A huge maze was dug into the ground.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
A huge number of people spend a lot of time enjoying animal photos and videos.
A huge part of Japan's population is too old to work.
A huge scandal happened.
A huge storm cloud was moving in.
A huge tanker cast off just now.
A huge tanker just pulled out from the dock.
A huge tanker put off just now.
A huge thunderstorm is expected.
A huge waterspout has formed.
A human being in perfection should emulate the virtue of the tree. The more the tree grows, the more beautiful and softer it turns, but internally tougher and stronger.
A human being is a part of the whole, called by us "Universe," a part limited in time and space.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated.
A human being is part of the whole, called by us Universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest — a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
A human being wrote the story.
A human being's worth is measured by his or her billfold.
A human body consists of a countless number of cells.
A human is a conscious being.
A human is a social animal by nature.
A human is a thinking being.
A human is an animal who can occasionally think about death.
A human is an animal.
A human is not a good animal.
A human life is precious to us.
A human rights activist is urging the government to remove what he called contradictory and suppressive regulations.
A human should not make the same mistake.
A human with a penis will always be scientifically a man even if 8 billion people agree to call him a woman just not to anger him.
A human's most valuable resource is time.
A humanoid creature came out of the ship.
A humble thank you for responding to me.
A humble-looking old man was presented to the king.
A humid climate is characteristic of the peninsula.
A hummingbird is no larger than a butterfly.
A hundred and fifty diplomats came to that conference.
A hundred and fifty feet from this pueblo is a large upright block of sandstone, which is said to be used as a datum point in the observations of the sun made by a priest of Zuñi for the regulation of the time for planting and harvesting, for determining the new year, and for fixing the dates of certain other ceremonial observances.
A hundred and fifty grams or less.
A hundred and fifty people took part in a marathon.
A hundred billion castaways are looking for a home.
A hundred decades make a millennium.
A hundred divided by five is twenty.
A hundred dollars is nothing.
A hundred dollars was a lot of money back then.
A hundred euros is a bit expensive. We should look for another hotel.
A hundred minus ninety is ten.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
A hundred thousand Vietnamese refugees would not have been a problem.
A hundred years after their discovery, the artifacts from Egyptian prehistoric mausoleums will return close to the place where they were found. A huge new museum overlooking the Giza pyramids in Egypt is due to open some of its sections early next year. The exhibit devoted to pharaoh Tutankhamun, known to archeologists as the Golden Boy and in popular culture as King Tut, is expected to draw the most attention.
A hundred years ago the jungle had already fascinated people so much, that they placed it under protection.
A hundred years ago, no one would have thought of such a thing.
A hundred years have passed since the Titanic sank.
A hundred years is called a century.
A hungry bear will eat even insects.
A hungry child doesn't play with a full child.
A hungry child isn't going to play with a full child.
A hungry dog will eat anything.
A hungry heart is worse than a hungry gut.
A hungry heart is worse than a hungry stomach.
A hungry man can kill.
A hungry man is an angry man.
A hungry person will eat almost anything.
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.
A hungry puppy is barking on the street.
A hunt is on for the runaway.
A hunter hunted hares with his dog.
A hunter was beaten to death, after shooting down a buffallo.
A hurricane can wreak destruction everywhere it goes.
A hurricane destroyed Tom's house.
A hurricane's coming soon.
A hurtful word continues to dig like a knife.
A husband and a wife are spouses.
A husband and wife promise always to love each other.
A husband can complete a woman's life.
A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.
A husband should bring love and security to a woman.
A husband-wife fossil-hunting team in Spain has excavated the skeleton of a 13 million-year-old creature they believe is close to the last common ancestor of modern great apes and humans.
A hush came over the crowd.
A hush fell over the crowd.
A hush fell over the room.
A hush of anticipation fell over the crowd.
A husking pedal.
A hyacinth bloomed in the flowerpot.
A hybrid schedule is a schedule where people are in the office some of the time while working at home for the rest.
A hydrocarbon consists exclusively of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
A hydrophone is a microphone designed to be used underwater.
A hyena appeared.
A hyena roamed the area.
A hyena suddenly appeared in front of Ziri.
A hyena was roaming the area at night.
A hyphen is needed here.
A hypochondriac imagines maladies where none exist.
A hypothetical explanation could be that they just forgot it.
A in Vietnamese is B.
A is 5 times as long as B.
A is a set consisting of the elements c, b, and a.
A is enough, but B is not enough.
A is of equal size to B.
A is the first letter of the alphabet.
A is the first of the alphabet; God is the primary force of the world.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
A jack of all trades is master of none.
A jackal is in the area.
A jackal mainly eats meat from carcasses.
A jacket is an article of clothing.
A jail fence couldn't keep a demon of a cow like that out.
A jam is made of strawberries.
A jaunt on an airboard can be sampled.
A jawbreaker is a round candy, multi-layered like a pearl.
A jaywalker exposes himself to great danger.
A jealous person gets a feeling of contentment by behaving like a dog in the manger even with his friends.
A jellyfish stung Tom.
A jellyfish stung me.
A jet airliner does not admit of careless handling.
A jet engine is rather loud.
A jet fighter flew over the town.
A jingle of tinkling bells mingled with the squeak of a viola; the guffaws of a rompish company blended with the tuneless chanting of discordant minstrels, and the gray parrot in its golden cage, suspended from one of the oaken beams of the ceiling, shook its feathers for the twentieth time and screamed vindictively at the roguish band.
A job is not merely a means to earn a living.
A job that you don't love is... a job.
A job that you don’t love is... a job.
A job would teach me responsibility.
A job you like, a family, children — what else do you need?
A jogger spotted something in the ravine. It was Yanni's body.
A joint effort with the European Space Agency and the Canadian Space Agency, the Webb observatory is NASA’s revolutionary flagship mission to seek the light from the first galaxies in the early universe and to explore our own solar system, as well as planets orbiting other stars, called exoplanets.
A joist pull up is an especially difficult, grip-intensive variant of that exercise where you grip two parallel exposed joists from below, palms up, and pull yourself up.
A joke a day keeps the doctor away.
A joke is a serious matter.
A joule is a unit of energy.
A journalist contacted me and offered me money for the video I recorded during the accident.
A journalist seeking the truth should interview as many witnesses as possible in search of the true story.
A journalist should have sources.
A journalist shouldn't take sides.
A journey is a sip from the fountain of life.
A journey is a sort of door through which one comes out of reality as if to penetrate into an unexplored reality that looks like a dream.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
A journey of thousand miles begins with a single step.
A joyful independence day for all my Brazilian friends!
A joyful life would be a beautiful thing.
A joyful soul is like healthy soil in which life can thrive and produce good fruit.
A judge had ordered Tom to leave the country.
A judge has to obey the law, not the king.
A judge in bankruptcy court has ruled in favor of a law school graduate who asked to have more than $220,000 in student debt erased.
A judge must obey not the king, but the law.
A judge signed a search warrant on Monday.
A judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause.
A judge's honesty is not inherited.
A judge's job is to judge.
A jug fills drop by drop.
A jumper is sometimes useful even in August.
A junkie can be prostrate for hours, forever.
A jury acquitted Tom last year.
A jury convicted Layla for twenty years in jail.
A jury will decide Tom's fate.
A kangaroo surprised security officers at Melbourne Airport when it was found hopping around one of the car parks!
A karuta gathering was being held at the hatamoto's estate.
A karuta gathering was being held at the hatamoto’s estate.
A karyotype may be used to look for abnormalities in chromosome number or structure.
A katydid's ears are in its knees.
A katydid’s ears are in its knees.
A key card is required to open the door.
A key card is required to open this door.
A key goal of scientific research is to increase our confidence and reduce the uncertainty in our understanding of the world around us.
A key is lying on the writing-table.
A key is not required: you input a code.
A key to a woman's heart? What are you on about? The only thing you have to do is to fuck her!
A kid needs a father.
A kid needs his dad.
A kid needs his father.
A kid needs his mother.
A kid pointed at Ziri and screamed.
A kid was outdoors and played with a ball.
A kidult isn't a kid who acts like an adult; it's an adult who acts like a kid.
A killer robot is an autonomous weapon, one that can choose and attack targets without human intervention.
A killer's killer is still a killer!
A kilo of figs costs 2.50€.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
A kilogramme is a basic unit of measurement.
A kilometer on foot, that wears you out. A kilometer on foot, that wears out your shoes.
A kinase is an enzyme which phosphorylates other proteins.
A kind heart makes everything beautiful.
A kind of rivalry developed between father and son.
A kind spider knit Nemesio a nice, toasty scarf for the coming winter.
A kind stranger brought me food one day.
A kind word achieves more than brute force.
A kind word can heat you through three winter months.
A kindly-looking young woman took the hand of the miserable drunkard and drew him inside, shutting the door before he had time to realise what had happened.
A king dies. Despite the fact that they are so wealthy they can acquire virtually everything their hearts desire, his sons, for some reason, all desperately want to be king. In order to achieve this, they start warring against each other, leading to countless thousands of deaths and an enormous amount of suffering. Can you imagine anything more absurd?
A king lived in an old castle.
A king may easily make himself neither a father nor a king.
A king rules.
A king's daughter is a princess.
A king’s daughter is a princess.
A kiss in the woods is better than ten in hand.
A kiss is one of life's most precious gifts.
A kiss is the best way to keep silent while saying it all.
A kiss to you!
A kiss under duress tastes bitter.
A kiss will be given to the person who wants to laugh.
A kiss without a mustache is like a bowl of soup with no salt.
A kiss without a mustache is like an egg without salt.
A kitsune is a yōkai.
A kitten is a cat's offspring.
A kitten was born.
A knife covered in blood was recovered at the crime scene.
A knife got stuck in it.
A knife suddenly landed on Ziri's side. He immediately grabbed it and stabbed Walid with it.
A knife was embedded in Layla's chest.
A knife was pulled on Ziri.
A knight without a lady was like a tree without leaves.
A knock on the door woke Tom up.
A knocking sensation may indicate a loose headset.
A knot formed in my throat.
A knot is one nautical mile per hour.
A known mistake is better than an unknown truth.
A lab at the University of California, Los Angeles is trying to solve that problem by developing a handheld allergen detector for consumers.
A lack of exercise is bad for your health.
A lack of food and money force people to commit crimes.
A lack of food and money pushes people to crime.
A lack of money makes anyone venal. It's natural.
A lack of motivation can impede your language learning progress.
A lack of rain caused wild plants to die.
A lack of response is tantamount to acquiescence.
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.
A lack of sunlight causes depression in some people.
A lack of transparency is problematic.
A lack of water meant that our crop was poor.
A ladder is a sequence of moves, in a zigzag pattern, in which an attacker chases a group in atari across the board.
A ladder is a technique for capturing stones. At each step, the attacker reduces the defender's liberties from two to one.
A lady Oriental neighbour who wants me to call her "Mrs. T" lives in a big corner house in my Lulu Island neighbourhood. She has two noisy dogs.
A lady dressed in black and heavily veiled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered.
A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened herself at our approach.
A lady in my meeting talked so much I just could not get a word in edgeways.
A lady is a woman who makes men into gentlemen.
A lady is waiting for me.
A lady of "a certain age," which means certainly aged.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
A lady, whose husband is a famous scientist, came over from the other side.
A ladybug was crawling along my arm.
A lady’s imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
A laidback approach may work best.
A lake is deeper than a river.
A lamb at the butcher's?
A lamb is a young sheep.
A lamb should drink all the milk it wants.
A lamb to the slaughter?
A lame cat is more valued than a fast horse when the palace is full of mice.
A language can sound beautiful when spoken by one person, but hideous when spoken by another.
A language is a dialect with a radio station.
A language is a dialect with an ISO 639-3 code.
A language is a dialect with an army and a navy.
A language is a dialect with an army and navy.
A language is a great treasure that should not be lost.
A language is a key to the heart of millions.
A language is a living system that evolves over time.
A language is a vast country, and the possibilities it offers to a traveler are as extensive as they are abundant.
A language is considered dead when the number of native speakers falls to less than 10.
A language is just a dialect with an army and a navy.
A language is much more than just a communication tool.
A language is never foreign.
A language is not something you learn all at once.
A language is the foremost expression or artifact of any national culture, hence a language that isn't an expression of any particular heritage, is doomed to remain a mere universalist manifestation devoid of concrete daily usage.
A language is used to communicate, if the words are used correctly, didn't write any incorrect words, and the sentence has no grammar mistakes, in my opinion, this is a correct sentence.
A language isn't something you learn all at once.
A language isolate is a language with no demonstrable relationship to any other language.
A language isolate is a language with no demonstrable relationship with other languages.
A language that a person knows creates an aura about the person, and others can sense the aura with their ESP. Some languages make a person seem "cuter" than other languages would make.
A language that can pluralize the word “truth” does not thereby impugn the uniqueness of the concept as a whole; “truths” may just refer to several statements, each of which is true, as in “the fundamental truths of science.”
A language that is not written is doomed to extinction.
A language which has both logograms and phonograms has aesthetic value.
A language with many consonants is like a potato field. But a language with many vowels is like a flower bed.
A laptop is better than a desktop.
A large RV pulled up.
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge.
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
A large animal fled from the zoo.
A large animal has escaped from the zoo.
A large army and navy would be needed.
A large army is proudly proceeding.
A large asteroid was responsible for the extinction of the dinosaurs.
A large bathroom with natural daylight belongs to this apartment.
A large bird landed on the window sill.
A large bird landed on the windowsill.
A large bookstore has opened in front of the university.
A large bottle of mineral water, please.
A large building stands there.
A large cask of wine had been dropped and broken, in the street.
A large chandelier hangs from the ceiling in the middle of the room.
A large chandelier is hanging from the ceiling in the middle of the room.
A large city usually has many different postcodes.
A large clinical study is underway.
A large creature covered in hair stood in front of Kalman.
A large crowd attended.
A large crowd gathered in the park.
A large crowd had gathered in the street.
A large crowd had gathered on the street.
A large crowd of Americans gathered outside the White House to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game.
A large crowd of people gathered.
A large crowd of people were waiting to enter the stadium.
A large crowd thronged around the speaker.
A large crowd was gathering in the park.
A large crowd was soon milling around the accident scene.
A large cupboard stood in the corner of the room.
A large curved retort was boiling furiously in the bluish flame of a Bunsen burner, and the distilled drops were condensing into a two-litre measure.
A large dark figure was darting between the trees.
A large dog was running in the meadow.
A large earthquake is expected in Istanbul.
A large earthquake occurred in Mexico last autumn.
A large economy doesn't really mean much if the people don't have a highly sensual lifestyle. "Sensual" is not "sexual." You know—the five senses.
A large factor in the worldwide occurrence of this flu was increased travel.
A large fire broke out Saturday at Lhasa’s Jokhang monastery, one of the most sacred sites for Tibetan Buddhism.
A large goldfish swims in the pond.
A large green female crocodile was roaming the street.
A large group of people gathered around us.
A large hole in the rabbit's abdomen was filled with maggots.
A large housing development project could be blocked to protect endangered koala bears.
A large machine is moving in the sky.
A large man entered.
A large number of English people live in France.
A large number of Moroccans have decided they no longer want to live in this country.
A large number of boats lay at anchor in the bay.
A large number of houses are to be demolished in Duisburg-Bruckhausen to create a green belt.
A large number of monarchs throughout history have been bloodthirsty monsters.
A large number of people died.
A large number of people visit the historic site.
A large number of satellites orbit Earth.
A large or medium-sized one?
A large order of fries, please.
A large painting hung over the fireplace.
A large part of the territory of Siberia is covered by coniferous forests.
A large penis is important for men.
A large percentage of bottled water is actually bottled tap water.
A large percentage of women face sexual harassment online.
A large piece of ice slid from the roof and hit the ground with a loud thud.
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
A large portion of Americans love sushi.
A large portion of chips, please.
A large portion of rice, please.
A large predator was prowling the area.
A large proportion of the world's population don't have access to basic human rights which are taken for granted in affluent countries.
A large quantity of air-conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high.
A large red fish swims in the water.
A large rock is large; a small one is small.
A large rock which had been dislodged from the ridge upon our right clattered down and roared into the lake behind us.
A large section of Britain’s iconic White Cliffs of Dover broke off and fell into the English Channel this week.
A large shaft had been dug into the earth in front of Tom.
A large ship appeared on the horizon.
A large ship pulled up behind Gabor's raft.
A large solar park was built in close neighbourhood to the village.
A large spider lives behind the chest of drawers.
A large spider lives behind the dresser.
A large stomach is not a measure of good digestion and large biceps are not a measure of great strength.
A large stone was blocking one of the cart's four wheels.
A large suit of old armour had become detached from its stand, and had fallen on the stone floor.
A large sum of money was lost.
A large sum of money was stolen.
A large tree fell down.
A large truck came around the corner.
A large, fake, furry spider with red eyes was hanging from the ceiling.
A large, newly restored area of the Colosseum, which used to be the underground backstage of the ancient Roman amphitheater, is now accessible to the public for the first time.
A larger company bought Tom's company.
A larger excavation in the side of the hill facing the sea, with a flight of steps leading up from it into another smaller recess, and numerous lateral openings and subterranean passages, supposed to penetrate into the very heart of the mountain, and even to communicate with Lake Fusaro, is pointed out by the local guides as the Sibyl's Cave, which, as Virgil tells us, had a hundred entrances and issues, from whence as many resounding voices echoed forth the oracles of the inspired priestess.
A lark is singing.
A laser fires a light beam. Before the laser, scientists developed a similar device: a maser which stands for Microwave Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation. A maser is basically a microwave version of the laser. Microwaves are a form of electromagnetic radiation similar to, but shorter than, radio waves. The best-known use of masers is in highly accurate clocks.
A last-minute snag forced the cancellation of a prisoner swap.
A late guest will only get the bones.
A late winter means a late spring.
A lattice is an abstract structure studied in the mathematical subdisciplines of order theory and abstract algebra.
A laugh can be a very powerful thing.
A laughing girl was standing before us.
A laughing vinegar merchant does a better business than a honey merchant with a sour face.
A launch of the unmanned capsule — scheduled for Tuesday from the Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida — was scrubbed after Boeing officials said a prelaunch check indicated an “unexpected valve position” in the propulsion system.
A law is simply a threat of violence.
A law without a penalty is like a bell without a knocker.
A lawn needs to be mowed regularly and in the right way.
A lawyer is a person who prevents someone else from getting your money.
A lawyer named Tom Jackson called me this morning.
A lawyer's expertise will help me understand the legal implications of my situation thoroughly.
A layer cut might not look good with your thin hair.
A layer of leaves lies on the pavement.
A lazy man always finds excuses.
A lazy man is a burden even to the ground.
A lazy man is always poor.
A lazy person is someone who doesn't have other people believe that he works.
A lazy student doesn't like the teacher.
A leader that enjoys the suffering of the poor shall be crushed to paste.
A leader that lets the poor suffer shall burn in hell.
A leader that lets toxic waste burn in military bases is one with the devil.
A leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting.
A leaf blower is more polluting than an automobile.
A leaf is falling.
A leaf is part of a plant.
A league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour.
A leak has been found at Tokyo Electricity's Fukishima reactor number 1, and 150 liters of waters have escaped into the sea.
A leaked document from the Pentagon prompted this suspicion.
A leap year has 366 days.
A leap year has one day more than an ordinary year.
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
A learned fool is a greater fool than a simple fool.
A learning disability may teach perseverance.
A legal kiss will never equal a stolen one.
A legal precedent has been set.
A legend is more powerful than the truth.
A legend says the emperor Barbarossa isn't dead, but to this day is merely sleeping.
A legend was recounted to him.
A legion of anthropomorphic foxes is clashing with an army of orcs.
A leisurely bike ride could be enjoyable.
A leisurely day is drawing to a close.
A lemon and nutmeg aroma is coming from the kitchen.
A leopard can't change his spots.
A leopard can't change its spots.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
A leopard can’t change his spots.
A leopard doesn't change its spots.
A leopard entered out campsite.
A leopard is stalking our cattle.
A leopard never changes his spots.
A leopard never changes its spots.
A leopard sliced the gazelle up.
A leprechaun isn't funny.
A letter arrived for my father yesterday evening, bearing the Fordingbridge post-mark.
A letter came for him.
A letter came in for you.
A letter can't be a sentence.
A letter does not blush.
A letter for you.
A letter from an old friend arrived yesterday.
A letter had come to Celia which made her cry silently as she read it.
A letter is being written by John.
A letter is the best way to express love.
A letter was found next to the dead body.
A liar has to have a good memory.
A liar is someone who doesn't tell the truth.
A liar needs to have a good memory.
A liar never changes. They only improve their strategy.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
A liberal is someone who always thinks the left was right at every moment except for right now.
A library during my time, but doesn't exist anymore, at my university, UBC, was Sedgewick Library, which was underground. It was labyrinthine, and there were booths where some students were smooching.
A library is more than just a room full of books.
A library is the best resource for books.
A library run by a volunteer group in New Delhi’s largest slum resettlement colony is helping underprivileged teenagers become writers.
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
A lie can be less deceiving than a well chosen truth.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
A lie detector works by detecting changes in pulse and respiration.
A lie has no legs.
A lie has short legs.
A lie is a gag on the mouth.
A lie is a lie, no matter how you spin it.
A lie is a veil over the lips.
A lie is like a flower in full bloom. It may look pretty, but it wilts quickly.
A lie is often easier to believe than the truth.
A lie is sweet in the beginning and bitter in the end, truth is bitter in the beginning and sweet in the end.
A lie said to avoid hurting someone's feelings and expectations is called a "white lie."
A lie said to avoid hurting someone’s feelings and expectations is called a "white lie."
A lie will have gone around the world three times before the truth puts its shoes on.
A lie will manage to travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting its pants on.
A lie, told by a sensible man, remains a lie.
A life for a life.
A life jacket is one type of flotation device.
A life of moderation is a life without danger.
A life of shame leaves not to the dead even an honest place of rest.
A life of solitude isn't necessarily entirely disadvantageous.
A life sentence for stealing from a vending machine seems like a punishment grossly disproportionate to the crime being committed.
A life sentence in Indonesia means a living hell until you die.
A life sentence in Indonesia means life.
A life sentence in Indonesia means you're gonna die in jail.
A life sentence in Indonesia means you're gonna die in prison.
A life sentence in Indonesia really does mean that you'll be in prison until you die.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
A life that is not spent to the fullest doesn't qualify as an optimal life, quite simply.
A life without risk is a life without fun.
A life without spaetzle is possible, but what's the point?
A life-size exhibit illustrates American forces storming the beaches of Normandy on D-Day during World War II.
A lifeless body lay in a capsule flanked by strange technology.
A lifelong athlete, Elyassi's athletic career appeared to be on the downswing after injuries and giving birth to her two children. Bodybuilding changed all that.
A lifetime is short, but feels long.
A lifetime seemed to have passed.
A liger is a cross between a male lion and a female tiger.
A light and happy heart is the best of gifts.
A light appeared at the entrance of the din.
A light breakfast was served.
A light breeze is blowing.
A light breeze stirred the surface of the lake.
A light breeze was blowing.
A light bulb gives light.
A light bulb is a glass globe that produces light using electricity.
A light has been lit.
A light is burning only in the corner window on the third floor.
A light is on in Tom's window.
A light is on now.
A light lunch at MacD's, coffee at Starbucks, then a few drinks with shabu-shabu - that's the way it went.
A light lunch at MacD’s, coffee at Starbucks, then a few drinks with shabu-shabu - that’s the way it went.
A light lunch will be served.
A light morning breeze was blowing across the road.
A light novel? Read a real book!
A light rain made the sidewalks wet.
A light rain was falling.
A light raincoat is ideal for the trip.
A light shower had passed through.
A light touch of makeup can accentuate beauty.
A light was installed on the ceiling.
A light was on in Tom's window.
A light was on in the hallway.
A light year is the distance that light travels in a year.
A light, airy puff flows from this perfume.
A light, northeasterly wind blew across the pond.
A light, northwesterly wind blew across the city.
A light-year is a unit of distance. It is the distance that light can travel in one year.
A light-year is the distance light travels in one year. It's 9.5 trillion (9,500,000,000,000) kilometers.
A lightbulb in the living room has exploded. I have to change it.
A lightning rod atop a church tower is the strongest form of mistrust against dear God.
A lightning struck the tall tree.
A lightweight fruit picker is perfect for home gardening.
A lightweight sensor attached to alpine swifts reveals that the small migratory birds can remain aloft for more than 200 days without touching down.
A lightyear is the distance that light travels in one year.
A lily was the emblem of French Kings.
A limited and unreliable electricity supply is a major impediment to economic development.
A limo arrived in front of the restaurant with Donald in it.
A limo dropped Ziri off at our school.
A limo has just pulled up outside.
A line is a dot that has gone for a walk.
A line of cars waited at the railroad crossing.
A linear system would not be able to discover cracks forming around the rivet holes, because a hole would create one big echo.
A linguistic corpus that becomes a vehicle for Nazi ideology is no longer a linguistic corpus, but a Nazi corpus.
A linguistics student swallowed her own tongue after attempting the legendary glottal approximant.
A link can join two pieces of chain together.
A link joins two parts of a chain.
A linked list isn't that complicated of a concept.
A linoleum floor was very popular in postwar America.
A lion has escaped from the zoo.
A lion has sharp teeth.
A lion is a wild animal.
A lion is an animal.
A lion is certainly much stronger than a sole hyena but there were three times as many hyenas there as lions.
A lion is just a big housecat, after all.
A lion is strong.
A lion is stronger than a wolf.
A lion isn't afraid of a fly.
A lion killed Tom.
A lion lives in Brooklyn.
A lion ran out of the trees.
A lion took his firearm.
A lion was sent to kill Hercules.
A lion would be scary to have as a pet.
A lion's teeth are sharp.
A lioness was resting in the shade.
A lion’s quarrel lasts a day ; a dog’s quarrel lasts forever.
A list of required hardware is available here.
A listening ear is sometimes all it takes.
A litany of taste tests enabled Hugo to distinguish between a variety of pastes.
A liter of milk and a dozen eggs, please.
A liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein.
A liter of water will not last long.
A liter of water won't last long.
A literal boatload of new computers were recalled for inefficient power use.
A litre of water weighs a kilo.
A litre of water won't last long.
A litter of pigs can have as many as thirteen piglets.
A little acting was all it took.
A little ant drowned in the ocean of my glass.
A little bird is drinking from the cat dish.
A little bird told me that you've forgotten to take your medicine this morning, and I don't think I'm that far from the truth.
A little bird told me that.
A little bird told me you are not attending Mass.
A little bird told me.
A little birdie told me you were there.
A little birdie told me.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he’s fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
A little bit more?
A little bit of compassion can go a long way.
A little bit of fun is always good.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
A little bit of poison doesn't hurt you.
A little black dog is crossing the road.
A little boredom in life makes one's life seem a bit longer. Boredom is not always negative.
A little boy greeted me.
A little boy had a Kit-Kat.
A little boy named Tom asked me where Mary was.
A little breeze is blowing.
A little brook trickles at the end of the garden.
A little bud appeared on the plant.
A little cold water never hurt anyone.
A little competition is good.
A little creek was running through the woods.
A little dirt won't hurt you.
A little dollar is better than a big thank you.
A little effort goes a long way.
A little exercise never hurt anyone.
A little exercise never hurts.
A little exercise would do you good.
A little fresh air does the body good.
A little fresh air will do me good.
A little girl caught her fingers in the door.
A little girl wearing a coat and hat came down the stairs and stopped in front of the woman dressed in mourning.
A little girl with a kitten sat near me.
A little girl, with tears in her eyes, searched for her mother.
A little good news wouldn't hurt.
A little hard work never hurt anyone.
A little heavier rain might cause a flood.
A little help would be appreciated.
A little humor never hurt anyone.
A little is still better than nothing.
A little jealousy is good for the relationship.
A little kindness goes a long way.
A little knowledge can be a dangerous thing.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
A little ladybird is crawling up the window.
A little language goes a long way.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
A little lie never hurt anybody.
A little louder, please.
A little louder.
A little lower.
A little make-up worked wonders with her.
A little man the size of a sparrow, like Nemesio, is really tricky to find.
A little mischief can be a good thing.
A little monster climbed out of the deer carcass.
A little more "us" and a little less "me". A little more kindness and a little less envy. A little more flowers in life and a little less flowers on a tomb.
A little more coffee, please.
A little more confidence might help you get rid of that tremulous voice.
A little more effort, and you will get on in life.
A little more effort, and you will succeed.
A little more modesty would suit you.
A little more modesty wouldn't hurt you!
A little more pepper wouldn't hurt.
A little more respect please! I am still your mother.
A little more salt wouldn't hurt.
A little more tea, please.
A little more than 40 hours after leaving Moscow's Yaroslavsky station, the Vorkuta Express pulled into its terminus after a 2,000-kilometer journey through the taiga forests and tundra of Russia's far north.
A little more to the right, just like so!
A little more.
A little more?
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
A little nap and, just like that, I’m as fresh as a daisy.
A little nudge might help.
A little old woman foiled the robbery by whacking the thief on the head with her cane.
A little pain never hurt anyone.
A little patience! You're on the right path.
A little pot is soon hot.
A little practice couldn't hurt.
A little practice wouldn't hurt.
A little progress has been made.
A little quieter, please.
A little rain never hurt anyone.
A little rain would help.
A little reflection will make you realize you are wrong.
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
A little rest would do you a lot of good.
A little salt is sufficient.
A little salt will make it taste better.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
A little sleep and I'll be as good as new.
A little sleep will do you good.
A little smile flitted across Mary's face.
A little smile won't hurt.
A little snow was falling.
A little soap and water never killed anybody.
A little softness can clear the bitterness.
A little something is better than a big fat nothing.
A little stage fright is normal before a concert.
A little sympathy goes a long way.
A little thought will tell you that the whole plan is out of the question.
A little trip to Algeria will do you good.
A little up the chimney is a turbine, which – like waterwheels and windmills – turns when some liquid or gas flows through it
A little village is situated in between both towns.
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
A little warning would have been nice.
A little warning would've been nice.
A little water never hurt anyone.
A little while ago I met Jean.
A little while into his visit he got up suddenly and left.
A little wine won't hurt you.
A little work never hurt anyone.
A little work won't hurt you.
A little work won't kill you.
A little, old woman foiled the robbery by whacking the thief on the head with her cane.
A little-known U.S. anti-money laundering law is costing international travelers millions of dollars a year, raising concerns of civil liberties’ advocates that many innocent people are unwittingly being swept up by a statute designed to catch criminals.
A live broadcast is starting.
A lively debate followed.
A lively discussion followed.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
A living statue rests on a bench and two statues of liberty talk with tourists.
A lizard has confronted the ogre.
A llama in Pembrokeshire is delivering groceries to elderly residents.
A load of 100 kilograms is the max.
A loaf of bread costs DZD 10 in Algeria.
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds.
A local family has offered you a place to stay.
A local family have offered you a place to stay.
A local family offered you a place to stay.
A local hunter disappeared four days ago.
A local man, David Waterfield, was taking pictures of his dog off the coast of Samphire Hoe, near Dover in Kent, and stopped to speak with a fisherman.
A local politician was called in to inaugurate the new restaurant down the street.
A local resident captured the event on video.
A lodestone contains iron.
A loft conversion can add considerable value to a property.
A lone clownfish was swimming in the aquarium.
A lone island could be seen from the shoreline.
A lone sailboat is sailing against the wind.
A lonely boy was reading near a feeble fire.
A lonely man is lonely because he is afraid of others.
A lonely old man lives there.
A long billion is equal to a thousand short billions.
A long black shadow was trailing down the corridor. It was thrown by a man who walked softly down the passage with a candle held in his hand.
A long breakwater was built, along with piers and docking terminals.
A long caravan of camel was heading to the West.
A long day has passed on.
A long discussion boiled down to a realistic conclusion.
A long flight across the Atlantic Ocean requires several aerial refuels.
A long hot summer was nearing its end.
A long path runs between our houses.
A long piece of thread easily becomes tangled up.
A long queue had formed at the checkout.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
A long queue had formed outside the Ladies.
A long queue had formed outside the women's toilets.
A long road is shortened by a fairy tale.
A long silence followed.
A long spell of rainy weather is harmful to plants.
A long thread is easily entangled.
A long time ago I went to Kyoto.
A long time ago there was no moon.
A long time ago when I was young, I used to write in my diary every day.
A long time ago when Pluto was still a planet, there was a boy named Tom.
A long time ago when your grandma's grandma wasn't even born, there lived an ill-minded and reckless billionaire. He was a nasty, evil man. But nonetheless he was elected president of the United States of America. This really happened once. Believe me.
A long time ago, Europeans thought that the Sun was orbiting the Earth.
A long time ago, Mary and I went on a cruise in the Mediterranean.
A long time ago, around here, a nice schoolteacher called Matsumoto tried to rescue one of his pupils, but instead he himself ended up drowning.
A long time ago, around here, a nice schoolteacher called Matsumoto tried to rescue one of his pupils, but on the contrary he ended up drowning.
A long time ago, giants ruled the world.
A long time ago, it was broken.
A long time ago, it was day.
A long time ago, most people lived in groups that moved around as the seasons changed.
A long time ago, people didn't live very long.
A long time ago, people had very short lifespans.
A long time ago, people used to thresh by hand.
A long time ago, there lived a tailor who had three sons, but only one goat.
A long time ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
A long time ago, there was a bridge there.
A long time ago, there was a prison here.
A long time ago, there was a young man.
A long time ago, there was an old man who lived in that cave.
A long tongue is a sign of a short hand.
A long train of camels was moving to the west.
A long tree trunk extended above the river as a low bridge.
A long wait lay ahead of her.
A long weekend awaits us.
A long winter and spring of lockdowns and restrictions in their northern alpine town of Bolzano had kept grandmother, mother and daughter apart for months on end.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor. It filled the whole air, and yet it was impossible to say whence it came.
A long-awaited gift is sold and not given.
A long-distance relationship can also be very expensive if the two people need to buy airplane tickets to see each other.
A long-distance relationship can be perfect for someone who likes their own space. But it can be lonely for a person who wants to spend a lot of time day-to-day with their partner.
A long-forgotten stuffed animal lies under the bed.
A longer table is much better than a higher fence.
A longitudinal wave is one that vibrates in the direction of propagation.
A longsword sheathed in an intricately engraved scabbard.
A look of concern came over Lukas's face.
A look of contentment appeared on his face.
A look of doubt crossed Tom's face.
A look of rage came onto Santiago's face.
A look of surprise came over Maria's face.
A look of surprise crossed Maria's face.
A look of surprise passed over his face.
A look of surprise ran across Maria's face.
A loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution.
A lord without riches is a soldier without arms.
A lorry almost hit me.
A lorry almost ran me over.
A lorry has jackknifed on the dual carriageway.
A lorry has jackknifed on the motorway.
A lorry nearly ran me over.
A lorry was standing in the middle of the road.
A loser is what you are. A failure.
A loss in third-quarter revenues was predicted.
A loss of privacy is often the price of being a celebrity.
A loss of trust on both sides is inevitable.
A loss of trust on both sides was inevitable.
A lost child was sobbing at the police box.
A lost dog strayed into our neighborhood yesterday.
A lot can change in a year.
A lot can change in five years.
A lot can change in three years.
A lot can happen between now and then.
A lot can happen in a day.
A lot can happen in a month.
A lot can happen in a year.
A lot can happen in an hour.
A lot can happen in thirty days.
A lot can happen in three hours.
A lot can happen in three months.
A lot can happen in three years.
A lot could happen between now and then.
A lot could still change.
A lot depends on him.
A lot depends on how much we're willing to learn.
A lot had happened in the last few weeks.
A lot happened in a short time.
A lot has already improved here in Algeria.
A lot has changed around here since you've left.
A lot has changed here in the last three years.
A lot has changed in Algeria.
A lot has changed in Australia since then.
A lot has changed in Boston since then.
A lot has changed in five years.
A lot has changed in recent years.
A lot has changed in the past fifty years.
A lot has changed in the past three hundred years. People are no longer obsessed with the accumulation of things. We've eliminated hunger, want, the need for possessions. We've grown out of our infancy.
A lot has changed over the course of the last ten years.
A lot has changed over the last ten years.
A lot has changed since I was a kid.
A lot has changed since Tom and I were kids.
A lot has changed since the seventies, although long hair has still not quite gone out of fashion.
A lot has changed since then.
A lot has changed.
A lot has happened here.
A lot has happened in the meantime.
A lot has happened lately.
A lot has happened since last year.
A lot has happened since that time.
A lot has happened since then.
A lot has happened this past week.
A lot has happened today.
A lot has happened while you've been gone.
A lot has happened.
A lot helps a lot.
A lot is at stake.
A lot is described in this book.
A lot is happening right now in Kabylie.
A lot is said but little is done.
A lot more could've been done.
A lot more people died in Second World War than in First World War.
A lot more people died in World War II than in World War I.
A lot of "Never Corbyn" people are trying to shame British leftists for not getting behind self-described conservative Keir Starmer.
A lot of African Americans are converting to Islam.
A lot of Algeria still looks like this.
A lot of Algeria's economic problems are self-inflicted.
A lot of Algeria's oil is located in the desert.
A lot of Algerians are coming to Turkey.
A lot of Algerians have become accustomed to subsidies.
A lot of Algerians make their living from farming.
A lot of Asian celebrities wear masks to hide their face from the public.
A lot of Asian companies are investing money in Algeria.
A lot of Australians are converting to Islam.
A lot of Canadian tourists visit Australia.
A lot of Canadian tourists visit Boston.
A lot of Chinese expats are living in Algeria.
A lot of Donald's friends took drugs.
A lot of English words are derived from Latin.
A lot of Finnish cities and villages have Swedish names that differ more or less strongly from the Finnish ones, and in some cases are completely different, even in meaning.
A lot of Finnish cities and villages have Swedish names that differ more or less strongly from the Finnish ones, and sometimes are completely different, even in meaning.
A lot of Finns know German.
A lot of French and Japanese people live here.
A lot of Germans come here.
A lot of Germans go on vacation in Spain.
A lot of Hispanics are converting to Islam.
A lot of Jews died of COVID, like everyone else. The same is true of Chinese people.
A lot of Jews died on crosses back then.
A lot of June bugs were flying in.
A lot of Kabyles share the same sentiment.
A lot of Latinas are converting to Islam.
A lot of Latinos are converting to Islam.
A lot of Palestinian students pass through the occupying army's checkpoints to get to school.
A lot of Rowling's biggest anti-trans controversies have involved her taking offense to language meant to include trans men and nonbinary people, language which has no effect on her whatsoever.
A lot of accidents took place in that spell of rain.
A lot of authoritarians think they're anti-authoritarian, and in an act of projection, they label everyone who differs from their narrow view of what's acceptable as "authoritarian."
A lot of back problems can be attributed to poor sitting posture.
A lot of bad blood had passed between them.
A lot of bad singers think that they're good singers.
A lot of bad singers think they're good singers.
A lot of bad things happened to me around this time of year.
A lot of banging and cussing could be heard coming out of the garage when Tom was trying to fix the lawnmower.
A lot of beer is drunk in the pub.
A lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station.
A lot of birthday cards will arrive soon.
A lot of bloggers write in English.
A lot of books are published every year.
A lot of boys are running in the park.
A lot of boys ran after the rabbit.
A lot of buildings collapsed in Japan due to the earthquake yesterday.
A lot of car accidents occurred last year.
A lot of cars passed by.
A lot of cars speed by on this expressway day and night.
A lot of cathedrals were built in the Middle Ages.
A lot of children don't eat all of their spinach.
A lot of children don't hear the difference very well.
A lot of children don’t hear the difference very well.
A lot of children gathered in the garden.
A lot of children live from hand to mouth in this country.
A lot of cities are on rivers. Is that right?
A lot of clients come to the lawyer for advice.
A lot of coffee is drunk in Finland.
A lot of colds are going around.
A lot of companies are going under lately because banks are so tight with their money.
A lot of companies have pared their staff down to a minimum.
A lot of companies will do that nowadays.
A lot of complicated machines are used in this factory.
A lot of construction is going on these days.
A lot of countries participated in the Olympic Games.
A lot of crime was happening in the area.
A lot of crimes are not reported.
A lot of cults do things like that.
A lot of different peoples contributed to the modern French identity.
A lot of different peoples live in Russia.
A lot of drinking was done yesterday.
A lot of educated Algerians don't manage to find a job.
A lot of effort has gone into this.
A lot of expensive equipment was held in that warehouse.
A lot of fish died.
A lot of fish perished.
A lot of flowers begin to bloom in spring.
A lot of flowers have bloomed.
A lot of folks find cars interesting, but I'm not interested in them at all.
A lot of food around the world is wasted.
A lot of food is wasted around the world.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
A lot of friends came to wave goodbye to me.
A lot of funds are necessary to travel.
A lot of girls can successfully hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
A lot of girls don't like Tom.
A lot of girls hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
A lot of girls like Tom.
A lot of girls think Tom is really good-looking.
A lot of girls think that Tom is really good-looking.
A lot of good men died here.
A lot of good things have come from the worst of circumstances.
A lot of guests are invited to the wedding.
A lot of guys around here hate you.
A lot of guys ignore the laugh.
A lot of his family members became Muslim.
A lot of horror films start with a young family moving into a new house.
A lot of houses were on fire.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
A lot of housewives complain about the high prices of goods.
A lot of human deaths are caused by smoking cigarettes.
A lot of imagination is needed to try to add new sentences here.
A lot of insects are chirping in the field.
A lot of insects vanished overnight.
A lot of issues came up at work recently.
A lot of jobs are done by computers.
A lot of junkies reside around the suburbs.
A lot of kids don't wear bicycle helmets.
A lot of kids wear jeans.
A lot of kids wear that kind of hat.
A lot of kids wear them.
A lot of languages are spoken in Gambia.
A lot of lives were ruined.
A lot of members assisted at the general meeting.
A lot of mushrooms grew in the woods after the rain.
A lot of mushrooms were growing in the woods after the rain.
A lot of musicians like to play in the park.
A lot of mussels are lying on the beach.
A lot of my classmates think that I'm dumb.
A lot of my friends can speak French really well.
A lot of my hair has fallen out.
A lot of my work borders on the frivolous.
A lot of neighborhoods have haunted houses in them.
A lot of new buildings have been built around here in the last three years.
A lot of new buildings have gone up here over the last three years.
A lot of nurses are quitting this hospital.
A lot of open-air concerts take place in the park over summer.
A lot of our employees come to work by bicycle.
A lot of our employees cycle to work.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
A lot of our problems were caused by Tom.
A lot of passengers were injured in the accident.
A lot of people I know live in Australia.
A lot of people I know live in Boston.
A lot of people I know live there.
A lot of people applied for the job.
A lot of people are afraid of clowns.
A lot of people are coming out of the movie theater.
A lot of people are coming to Islam.
A lot of people are concerned about the war in Ukraine and the ramifications thereof.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
A lot of people are freezing.
A lot of people are gathering in the hospital.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn’t have done that.
A lot of people are gonna die.
A lot of people are hypocritical.
A lot of people are insulting Islam and think they have the right to do so.
A lot of people are interested in camping.
A lot of people are just too lazy to read.
A lot of people are killed in automobile accidents every year.
A lot of people are lazy.
A lot of people are lazy. Actually, I'm lazy too.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
A lot of people are on holiday.
A lot of people are outside waiting for you.
A lot of people are saying Elon Musk is a pedophile.
A lot of people are saying that Trump loves anonymous sources.
A lot of people are saying that.
A lot of people are scared of being alone.
A lot of people are simply not prepared to tolerate other views.
A lot of people are starting to notice it.
A lot of people are starving in the world.
A lot of people are turned off by the vehemence with which he pushes his views.
A lot of people are waiting for Tom.
A lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen.
A lot of people are worried about Europe.
A lot of people aren't happy.
A lot of people around here drive trucks.
A lot of people around here like country music.
A lot of people ask me whether bidding goodbye to youth means old age is near.
A lot of people ask that.
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
A lot of people asked about that.
A lot of people attended Tom's funeral.
A lot of people believe in God, some are godless, and some hesitate.
A lot of people believe that they know stuff when they know nothing.
A lot of people believe that we leave imprints on the places we inhabit.
A lot of people buy lotteries dreaming of wealth at one stroke.
A lot of people came to the concert.
A lot of people came to the festival.
A lot of people came to the lecture.
A lot of people came to the party.
A lot of people came today.
A lot of people camped out to get the best spots for the show.
A lot of people can do that, but Tom does it with a rare finesse.
A lot of people can't go home for Lunar New Year because of the pandemic.
A lot of people can't read.
A lot of people climb the railing, and even litter.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia. What makes it even more confusing, Slovakia in Slovak is "Slovensko".
A lot of people consider Manchester City the best soccer team in the world at the moment.
A lot of people couldn't orient themselves anymore if they lost their churches.
A lot of people criticized Tom for doing that.
A lot of people criticized me for doing that.
A lot of people deflect praise that comes their way, because they don't know how to handle it.
A lot of people depend on me.
A lot of people did do that.
A lot of people did that.
A lot of people didn't agree with us.
A lot of people didn't agree.
A lot of people didn't even talk about adults who molested children.
A lot of people didn't have anything to eat.
A lot of people didn't like that.
A lot of people didn't like what we were doing.
A lot of people died in that accident.
A lot of people died on crosses back then.
A lot of people died.
A lot of people do do that.
A lot of people do it.
A lot of people do that here.
A lot of people do that.
A lot of people do this.
A lot of people don't get cats.
A lot of people don't know anything about Algeria.
A lot of people don't know how to do that.
A lot of people don't know how to swim.
A lot of people don't like spicy food.
A lot of people don't like the aggressive foreign policy of the U.S.
A lot of people don't need to do this.
A lot of people don't realize how easy it is to do that.
A lot of people don't realize how good they have it.
A lot of people don't think this is true.
A lot of people don't understand cats.
A lot of people don't vote.
A lot of people don’t know that there is such a thing as an underwater forest.
A lot of people drink coffee black with sugar.
A lot of people drowned when the ship sank.
A lot of people enjoy doing that.
A lot of people exceed the speed limit so it must be acceptable.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom and Mary do.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom does.
A lot of people feel the same way about this as I do.
A lot of people feel the same way you do.
A lot of people find Tom's abrupt manner off-putting.
A lot of people find me strange.
A lot of people forget my anniversary.
A lot of people frequently dream about being frustrated by some simple-seeming problem — for example, they can't get to a nearby exit.
A lot of people froze to death there then.
A lot of people gave up hope.
A lot of people go through depression.
A lot of people go to midnight mass on Christmas Eve.
A lot of people got fired this week.
A lot of people got on at the next to the last bus stop.
A lot of people hate Tom.
A lot of people hate you already.
A lot of people hated Mark.
A lot of people have asked me why I like doing this.
A lot of people have been fired this week.
A lot of people have claimed to be the Messiah.
A lot of people have complained about that.
A lot of people have lived there.
A lot of people have said that.
A lot of people have seen it.
A lot of people have strong opinions about economic policy despite knowing very little about economics.
A lot of people have switched sides.
A lot of people in Africa go hungry.
A lot of people in our neighborhood own guns.
A lot of people know that my Uncle Joe likes lamb chops, especially in Greek cuisine. He speaks Tagalog, Ilocano, Pangasinan, and English. He is interested in French. Now in 2021, he is over 80 years old.
A lot of people left around that time.
A lot of people like Tom.
A lot of people like eating bletted medlars.
A lot of people like the look of countertops with a beveled or rounded edge.
A lot of people like this song.
A lot of people like this teacher.
A lot of people like to do that.
A lot of people like to go on the Internet and tell lies.
A lot of people live alone.
A lot of people live for the future, not for the present.
A lot of people live in Tokyo.
A lot of people lived there.
A lot of people living in our building don't like the owner.
A lot of people living in our building don’t like the owner.
A lot of people look up to you. Don't let them down.
A lot of people look up to you. Don’t let them down.
A lot of people lost their homes in the earthquake.
A lot of people my age are looking to get into a relationship. But I don't see the point of doing so this early.
A lot of people need help from a psychologist.
A lot of people need our help.
A lot of people only care about "defending language" when it involves queer people defining themselves.
A lot of people only speak English.
A lot of people prefer to eat fried chicken with their fingers.
A lot of people really don't like spicy food.
A lot of people ride the subway to work.
A lot of people saw it.
A lot of people saw you at the scene of the accident.
A lot of people say Tom and Mary are the best players on our team.
A lot of people say Tom is the best player on our team.
A lot of people say that.
A lot of people see that differently.
A lot of people seem to confuse mean lies for the truth.
A lot of people shop here.
A lot of people speak Berber in North Africa.
A lot of people spend more than they earn.
A lot of people starved during that war.
A lot of people still cling to a form of augury, seeing black cats as omens of bad luck.
A lot of people sure tell lies.
A lot of people swim here in the summer.
A lot of people that I know live in Australia.
A lot of people there were Canadians.
A lot of people think Buenos Aires is located in Brazil.
A lot of people think I'm crazy.
A lot of people think about living for a long time, few about living well.
A lot of people think bats are birds.
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
A lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much.
A lot of people think that was cowardice.
A lot of people think that whales are fish.
A lot of people think this politician is an unscrupulous careerist.
A lot of people think whales are fish.
A lot of people thought Tom was going to win the race.
A lot of people took part in the conference.
A lot of people turned away from Boldi.
A lot of people use this app.
A lot of people want peace all over the world.
A lot of people went by on the main street.
A lot of people went there.
A lot of people were abused by priests when they were children.
A lot of people were at Tom's party.
A lot of people were in the room.
A lot of people were injured in the accident.
A lot of people were injured.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
A lot of people were killed in the war.
A lot of people were out of work during the Great Depression in America.
A lot of people were present at the meeting yesterday.
A lot of people were saddened by the news.
A lot of people were there.
A lot of people were waiting for Tom.
A lot of people were waiting for him.
A lot of people were waiting outside the store.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
A lot of people will die.
A lot of people work on farms.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren’t so famous.
A lot of people write about their day-to-day lives.
A lot of pictures are hung in the meeting room.
A lot of plants in my garden have died.
A lot of plants in my garden seem to be dying.
A lot of policemen guarded the hall.
A lot of problems derive from a lack of reading in the home.
A lot of professional athletes take drugs.
A lot of puddles form on the path when it rains.
A lot of puddles remained after the rain.
A lot of questions need answering.
A lot of questions will be put to you.
A lot of radars are installed along the street.
A lot of red flowers are blooming in the garden.
A lot of reports came to the policeman that a wild monkey was found.
A lot of researchers have moved abroad so they could continue their work.
A lot of rumours are circulating about Tom.
A lot of salt is bad for the health.
A lot of shit has been happening in my life.
A lot of shit has happened in my life.
A lot of shops can be found in this part of town.
A lot of singers have recorded this song.
A lot of small businesses have gone bust in the last twelve months.
A lot of snow fell last year.
A lot of snow fell on the Kanto region last week.
A lot of snow had just fallen.
A lot of snow has fallen.
A lot of software is available for making multimedia presentations.
A lot of soldiers arrived.
A lot of soldiers died here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
A lot of space has been devoted to the topic in the latest issue of the magazine.
A lot of sport clubs are still burdened by a monumental amount of debt. The worst thing about it, is that some of them are clubs that play a heavy role in leagues; clubs like Barcelona and Chelsea, and others more, are on the list that goes on and on.
A lot of stars are visible at night in summer.
A lot of straight parents take their children to Hooters, and the right celebrates this.
A lot of strange things have been happening around here recently.
A lot of students are present at the meeting.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
A lot of students didn't go to school today.
A lot of students do part-time jobs.
A lot of students don't have much money.
A lot of students had a crush on our philosophy teacher.
A lot of students look up to Mr Brown.
A lot of students struggle with math in school.
A lot of sugar cane is grown in Cuba.
A lot of talk, no action.
A lot of teachers stood by me.
A lot of terrible things happened to Yanni.
A lot of that wood is more than 100 years old. It's the 19th-century white pine from upstate New York that formed New York City's homes and buildings. And it has become a special ingredient in Kelly's artistry.
A lot of the Spanish I learned didn't come from class, but from my own free time.
A lot of the changes that happen during menopause aren't just physical, they're mental as well.
A lot of the discarded items are of amazing quality.
A lot of the games started and originated from people reading ‘The Hobbit’ and ‘The Lord of The Rings’ series and wanting to be able to go out and relive that in real life.
A lot of the houses here are owned by people out of state.
A lot of the most vicious transphobes are chasers.
A lot of the people can't read very well, or at all.
A lot of the products we buy are made by sweatshop workers or even slaves.
A lot of the same people whining about "free speech" will, in the same breath, push to censor books on racism and LGBTQ issues from school libraries.
A lot of the smuggled narcotics — hash, amphetamines and cocaine — is destined for the lucrative markets of Europe.
A lot of the stars in the night sky have planets orbiting them.
A lot of the stuff Fadil enjoyed doing revolved around the church.
A lot of the things Ziri read about Islam resonated with him.
A lot of their time is spent on part-time jobs.
A lot of them converted to Islam and changed their names to Arabic ones to blend in.
A lot of these are Tom's.
A lot of these are mine.
A lot of these old books smell of incense.
A lot of these soils are destroyed from growing tobacco. So, growing a crop like millet helps rejuvenate them.
A lot of things Tom says aren't true.
A lot of things are changing in Algeria.
A lot of things are going to change here now.
A lot of things can happen in a year.
A lot of things can happen in three years.
A lot of things can happen over the course of three years.
A lot of things could go wrong.
A lot of things happen in Boston.
A lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up.
A lot of things happened at once.
A lot of things happened at that Target.
A lot of things happened that night.
A lot of things happened there.
A lot of things happened today.
A lot of things happened while you were away.
A lot of things have changed since the last time I was here.
A lot of things have changed since the last time Tom and I were here.
A lot of things have changed.
A lot of things have to be changed.
A lot of things must be changed.
A lot of things need to be changed.
A lot of things really are about Tom, I guess.
A lot of things still need to be changed.
A lot of things stop fascinating us when we grow up.
A lot of things were in the trunk of Tom's car.
A lot of things weren't adding up.
A lot of those stories come out of British Columbia.
A lot of those younger households are looking for smaller units in walkable neighborhoods.
A lot of time has passed since then.
A lot of time needs to be invested.
A lot of time was wasted.
A lot of tobacco is grown in North Carolina.
A lot of tourists come here.
A lot of tourists come to this city.
A lot of tourists invaded the island.
A lot of tourists visit Hungary in summer.
A lot of tourists will visit Hungary in the summer.
A lot of trans women will tell you from experience that the phytoestrogens found in soy have no feminizing effect on humans.
A lot of treasure was brought over to this country.
A lot of trees grow in the countryside.
A lot of trees were cut down.
A lot of troubles preyed upon his mind.
A lot of truck drivers eat here.
A lot of us come from Algeria.
A lot of villagers were killed by soldiers.
A lot of walkers are out and about at the weekend.
A lot of warm words were said.
A lot of water has flowed under the bridge since then.
A lot of water has flowed under the bridge since.
A lot of water has flowed under the bridges since.
A lot of water is used in paper production.
A lot of water was pumped into this container.
A lot of weird things went through my head that night.
A lot of weirdos hang out in that park.
A lot of well-intentioned kids signed up for the U.S. military after 9/11, thinking they were going to defend their homeland from attackers, only to be shipped off to Iraq for no good reason. Maybe this has something to do with the military's current low recruitment rates.
A lot of what passes for "secularism" involves declaring Christian things secular and everything else religious.
A lot of wild animals died because there wasn't any food.
A lot of wild animals died for lack of food.
A lot of wild animals will die due to lack of food.
A lot of wit, but nothing to show for it.
A lot of women buy shoes one size too small, because they find them prettier.
A lot of words in Toki Pona can mean different things.
A lot of work can be avoided.
A lot of work has already been done to make Algeria a high-income nation.
A lot of work has been done, more needs to be done.
A lot of work has to be done.
A lot of yokai are fairly tragic.
A lot of young people think they're invincible, but the truth is young people are knuckleheads.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
A lot of young people were there.
A lot of young people your age are already working and have a family.
A lot still remains to be done.
A lot think they're rising. They're actually evaporating in the void.
A lot was actually done.
A lot was expected of him.
A lot will change.
A lot!
A lot's happened since my last letter.
A lot's happened while you've been away.
A lot.
A loud bang resonated through the woods.
A loud boom was heard.
A loud knocking at the door woke him up.
A loud noise in the night scared him.
A loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep.
A loud noise made her jump.
A loud noise made him jump.
A loud noise woke Tom up in the middle of the night.
A loud sound almost made Ziri fall off his chair.
A loud thump woke me up.
A love letter from Gray?
A love like ours is hard to find.
A love of seclusion was bestowed upon him.
A love story that unfolds between an unlikely pair, a public prosecutor from a good family and a modern high school girl.
A love triangle describes three people who have feelings for each other but those feelings do not always match.
A love triangle does not describe a person who loves geometry, but it does involve the number three.
A love triangle has at least two blunt angles.
A love-hate stance with the English language is not inevitable if one has truly mastered it.
A loved one can always be smelled.
A lovely bit of cake like this is the best salve for a wounded heart.
A loving environment nurtures personal growth.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
A low humming sound could be heard overhead.
A low pressure area covers all of Scandinavia with alternating wind and rain.
A low pressure area, cloudy with wind and sunny intervals, covers all of Scandinavia.
A loyal brother helps his sister.
A loyal friend is a real treasure.
A lozenge is a square deformed indefinably, generally by heat.
A lucid dream is any dream in which one is aware that one is dreaming.
A lucky charm could be a shirt, a pair of shoes, a coin, a bracelet or a piece of ribbon.
A lucky day. Whatever you touch will turn into gold.
A lullaby is a song sung to children before sleep.
A lullaby makes children sleepy.
A lunar cycle is shorter than a month.
A lunar eclipse can be seen from anywhere on the night side of the earth.
A lunar eclipse on Earth is a solar eclipse on the moon.
A lunar eclipse will be visible tonight.
A lunar month is shorter than a calendar month.
A luxurious carpet covered the floor.
A luxury liner arrived in the harbor.
A macaque escaped from the zoo.
A machete is an excellent tool for clearing gardens.
A machine had to be installed in the factory.
A machine scanned Bruno.
A madman gets madder when you talk reason to him.
A madman is not accountable for his actions.
A magazine can tell more about a story than a newspaper.
A magazine is a periodical publication containing articles and illustrations about a subject or specific field.
A magazine was lying on the sofa.
A maggot dropped out of Miroslav’s body.
A magician never reveals his secrets.
A magician never reveals their tricks.
A magician on the street did a trick with a playing card.
A magistrate was assassinated by the mafia.
A magnet attracts iron.
A magnet attracts metal.
A magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time.
A magnet contains iron.
A magnet has an electric charge.
A magnificent idea materialized in front of him.
A magnificent sight presented itself before us.
A magnificent view.
A magpie is screeching and a blackbird is whistling.
A maid came in to comb out her long hair, and brought the finest linen for her use.
A maid is made to clean your house.
A maid showed me in without ceremony, and as I entered the sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome.
A mailbag from a single sender addressed to one recipient, as the name suggests, is for delivering a bag of printed matter.
A main goal of the program she explained, is to have “food justice.” “So bringing fresh food into cities where you wouldn’t necessarily have that access,” she said. And that includes produce for immigrant members of the community as well.
A majestic rooster paced around the yard.
A major New York newspaper reports that coastal flooding as a result of global warming is already underway.
A major U.S. airline recently partnered with an American aerospace company to bring back supersonic air travel that they say will be quieter, more sustainable and less expensive than in the past.
A major U.S. electronic retailer says it wants to help immigrant and underprivileged teens gain the technology skills they'll need for the job market.
A major breakthrough in our understanding of the universe took place in the 1920's thanks to American astronomer Edwin Hubble.
A major conflict is raging within Ukraine.
A major earthquake hit Algeria in 2003.
A major earthquake in Algiers might make thousands of people instantly homeless.
A major had to take command of the division.
A major is above a captain in rank.
A major is above a captain.
A major malfunction stopped the car.
A major outranks a captain.
A major pharmaceutical company and three of the biggest drug distributors in the U.S. have reached a $260 million settlement with two counties in Ohio to avoid a trial over their role in the deadly opioid addiction crisis gripping America.
A major river in Poland, the Vistula originates on the western slopes of the mountain Barania Góra in the Carpathian Mountains in southern Poland.
A major third has four half steps.
A major third has four semitones.
A majority is half plus one.
A majority of Japanese workers plan to take more than three consecutive days of summer vacation.
A majority of students dislike history.
A majority of the homeless were underwhelmed by the meager portions of thin soup and day-old bread that the church had to offer.
A majority of the people here can do that.
A majority of the people here can speak French.
A majority of two thirds is required to ratify an overture.
A majority voted against the bill.
A majority voted against the measure.
A male crocodile ate a female dog.
A male friend of mine called me yesterday.
A male friend of mine called on me yesterday.
A male giraffe is almost twenty feet tall.
A male giraffe may weigh up to one and a half ton.
A male giraffe uses its neck as a weapon.
A man I didn't know was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A man almost died in California after trying to pose for a selfie with a rattlesnake.
A man always looks for answers.
A man and a woman are people of different genders.
A man and a woman, who both had brown hair, were sitting at a table near the window.
A man appeared at the door.
A man appeared at the front door.
A man appeared at the site.
A man appeared from behind the door.
A man approached Yoko, concealing the sound of his footsteps.
A man approached.
A man as diligent as Tom is, is sure to succeed.
A man as diligent as he is, is sure to succeed.
A man as old as Tom doesn't make new friends easily.
A man at the age of forty or fifty is still a child.
A man away from home need feel no shame.
A man began to follow Tom.
A man bothered Mom.
A man called Slim was killed in the accident.
A man called on you last night.
A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
A man came out of the log cabin with the shotgun on his shoulder.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
A man came to see him.
A man came to see me yesterday.
A man came to visit you last night.
A man came up and spoke to me.
A man came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him, but Tom had no idea who he was.
A man came up to me and asked for a match.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone.
A man can die but once.
A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants.
A man can know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
A man can make mistakes, but only an idiot persists in his error.
A man can never gain everything he hopes for: The winds blow contrary to what ships wish.
A man can no more become a woman than a monkey can develop into a man.
A man can not have his cake and eat his cake.
A man can produce billions of sperm in his lifetime.
A man can receive only what is given to him from heaven.
A man can tell easily enough when a woman loves him.
A man can't always be a hero, but he can always be a man.
A man can't be judged by his appearance.
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
A man can't escape his past.
A man can't expect always to have it his own way.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
A man cannot be judged by his appearance.
A man cannot be made in a mold.
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
A man clung to the branch of a tree for several hours after his car was washed away as he tried to cross a flooded causeway.
A man committed suicide in the train station.
A man decides he wants to be king; thousands of people die shortly thereafter as a result of this desire.
A man died after taking a selfie with a hibernating bear. It seems that the bear was awakened by the camera's flash.
A man does not cry in public.
A man does not know what he is saying until he knows what he is not saying.
A man does not live forever, but stupidity does.
A man drew near.
A man fails seven times and rises eight times.
A man falls and gets up.
A man falls down and rises again.
A man gets rid of a hat and goes inside God’s house.
A man gets what he chooses himself.
A man got on the bus.
A man harassed Mum.
A man has been jailed for a racist, misogynist tirade against a French tourist.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Powys.
A man has free choice to begin love, but not to end it.
A man has killed a lion.
A man has strong arms.
A man has ten fingers.
A man has to know when to walk away.
A man has walked 200 miles in protest of Brexit.
A man in Florida was killed by a brain-eating amoeba.
A man in a blue sweater sat at the desk.
A man in a hood grabbed the woman from behind and dragged her into nearby bushes where he indecently assaulted her.
A man in a long duster had dismounted from the wreck and now stood in the middle of the road, looking from the car to the tire and from the tire to the observers in a pleasant, puzzled way.
A man in a red hat and blue shirt sits on the curb next to a tree.
A man in a suit came running out with a gun.
A man in love can spoil a woman.
A man in the kitchen is quite an uncommon sight.
A man is a featherless biped.
A man is a man and a woman is a woman.
A man is a poor creature compared to a woman.
A man is always a victim of his truth.
A man is as many times as much so as the number of languages he has learned.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is as old as he feels, and a woman as old as she looks.
A man is as old as he feels.
A man is as old as his heart.
A man is bringing wine.
A man is but what he knows.
A man is crouching next to the body of a friend.
A man is defined by his actions, not his words.
A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
A man is here.
A man is inserting a tape into the VCR.
A man is judged by his word, not by his trousers.
A man is judged by his words.
A man is known by his friends.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
A man is like a woman, he is jealous too.
A man is looking for us.
A man is made by the books he reads.
A man is measured by his words.
A man is more or less what he looks like.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
A man is never so on trial as in the moment of excessive good fortune.
A man is not always what he seems.
A man is not old as long as he can work.
A man is participating in the women's swimming competition.
A man is picking out a tune on the guitar.
A man is playing a melody on the guitar.
A man is playing a tune on the guitar.
A man is reading a newspaper.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
A man is sitting in his kitchen.
A man is standing under the tree.
A man is truly free, even here in this embodied state, if he knows that God is the true agent and he by himself is powerless to do anything.
A man is valued by his words, not by his trousers.
A man is very strong when he recognizes his weakness.
A man just asked me where Tom and Mary live.
A man just asked me where Tom lives.
A man killed his wife.
A man kisses whom he may and loves whom he mayn’t.
A man like me needs a hat.
A man like that gets on my nerves.
A man lives not only his personal life, as an individual, but also, consciously or unconsciously, the life of his epoch and his contemporaries.
A man lost consciousness and had to be pulled out of the frigid water and taken to an ambulance.
A man marries a woman, expecting that she won't change, but she does.
A man may be known by the company he keeps.
A man may be wrong; so may a generation.
A man may believe with his head without believing with his heart; but he cannot believe with his heart without believing with his head too.
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of the worm.
A man must be honest.
A man must have a code.
A man must learn throughout his whole life.
A man must look out for his own interests in these hard times.
A man must work.
A man named Adolf Hitler won the local election in Namibia by a landslide.
A man named Carlos came to a mountain village looking for that old man.
A man named George was staying at a hotel.
A man named Mr. Itoh wants to meet you.
A man named Slim was killed in that accident.
A man named Tom Jackson came to see you this afternoon.
A man named Tom Jackson is missing.
A man named Tom Jackson made that.
A man named Tom Jackson painted that.
A man named Tom Jackson wants to meet you.
A man named Tom Jackson wrote this letter.
A man named Tom has it.
A man named Tom lives there.
A man needs to know when to walk away.
A man of common sense would never do such a thing.
A man of honour never steals money.
A man of industry will succeed in life.
A man of learning is not always a man of sense.
A man of prudence wouldn't say such things.
A man of prudence wouldn’t say such things.
A man of reason could answer the question.
A man of responsibility does not neglect his affairs.
A man of responsibility, he didn't leave the matter alone.
A man of responsibility, he didn’t leave the matter alone.
A man of sense would be ashamed of such behavior.
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
A man of sense wouldn't speak to you like that.
A man of sense wouldn’t speak to you like that.
A man of spirit is not a worthless man.
A man of straw is worth a woman of gold.
A man of strong will is not subject to corruption.
A man of that cut will always succeed.
A man of vision will make good in the end.
A man of weak will is the target of criticism; even his friends would badger him into correcting his defects.
A man of wealth has to pay a lot of income tax.
A man of wealth, education and spirit, he wished his house to occupy a proud place among the distinguished buildings already lending character and urbanity to the colonial city of Annapolis.
A man on a quest to empower the world.
A man on horseback came along the path.
A man on the train tried to pick my pocket.
A man on the treadmill suddenly collapsed and went into full cardiac arrest.
A man once asked Diogenes what was the proper time for supper, and he made answer, "If you are a rich man, whenever you please; and if you are a poor man, whenever you can."
A man once said to the Buddha, "I want to be extremely happy!" Buddha said, "first remove "I", that’s ego, then remove "want", that’s desire, then remove "extremely", that's immodest. See, now you are left with only happiness!"
A man once said to the Buddha, "I want to be happy!" Buddha said, "First remove 'I', that's ego, then remove 'want', that's desire. See, now you are left with only happiness!"
A man opened fire on Sami.
A man opened fire on Tom.
A man ought to read just as inclination leads him; for what he reads as a task will do him little good.
A man overtook her.
A man passed him.
A man put on a hat and found it fit just right.
A man read a magazine to pass the time.
A man should be able to make a mistress of his wife. The addiction for variety is certainly a sign of impotence.
A man should be upright, not kept upright.
A man should either be bald or have long hair!
A man should have a dream.
A man should have the courage to admire people who set high goals, even if they fail.
A man should not be judged by his station in life.
A man should try to make a woman like him more.
A man shouldn't be a pastor until he's in his forties.
A man shouldn’t be a pastor until he’s in his forties.
A man shouted something, waving his hand.
A man standing on the cliff was about to commit suicide by jumping into the void.
A man started filming Ziri and laughed at him.
A man stole my purse.
A man stood behind the gate gazing at the house.
A man stood waving his hand to me.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
A man telephoned me this evening.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
A man tried to kidnap her at the train station.
A man tried to take Gabor away.
A man volunteered to drive William home.
A man walked past him.
A man walks into a bar...
A man was accused of killing his wife.
A man was asking for Tom.
A man was complaining of something in a sharp voice.
A man was crouching at the window. I could see little of him, for he was gone like a flash. He was wrapped in some sort of cloak which came across the lower part of his face. One thing only I am sure of, and that is that he had some weapon in his hand. It looked to me like a long knife. I distinctly saw the gleam of it as he turned to run.
A man was driving his car in France, when he was stopped by a policeman, whom he greeted in thickly accented French. Before asking for his driver's license, the policeman asked, "Are you a foreigner, sir?" To which the man replied, "No, I'm English."
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
A man was found dead between the bushes.
A man was here earlier looking for Tom.
A man was hit by a waterfall.
A man was injured by lava spatter.
A man was killed by a beaver in Belarus.
A man was killed by a falling icicle.
A man was knocked down by a car when crossing the street, and had to be taken to the hospital.
A man was looking at Layla.
A man was murdered here, and you can still hear his screams at night.
A man was run over right in front of my house. I'm all alone and don't know what to do.
A man was seen acting suspiciously shortly before the explosion.
A man was shooting from his balcony.
A man was shot in a case of mistaken identity.
A man was stabbed in the torso overnight during a domestic dispute.
A man watches the fireworks exploding over Copacabana Beach during the New Year's celebrations.
A man wearing a red hat and a blue shirt is sitting on the curb next to a tree.
A man who angers easily should learn to count to ten - it calms trouble like pouring oil on troubled waters.
A man who asks his wife's permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband.
A man who asks his wife’s permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband.
A man who breaks his promises can't be trusted.
A man who breaks his promises cannot be trusted.
A man who chooses to commit himself in politics to the extent where he becomes a visible figure, would do himself a favor by not having skeletons in the closet.
A man who concentrates before a work of art is absorbed by it. In contrast, the distracted mass absorbs the work of art.
A man who does not know how to be silent does not know how to read.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
A man who does not want to be noticed soon does nothing remarkable. The terrible will for self-abandonment keeps the self from ever emerging.
A man who doesn't drink is not, in my opinion, fully a man.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family cannot be a real man.
A man who doesn’t drink is not, in my opinion, fully a man.
A man who drinks water is always healthy.
A man who has knowledge of a secret weapon has placed himself behind the eight ball.
A man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car, but if he has a university education, he may steal the whole railroad.
A man who is absorbed in his work looks animated.
A man who is born in France is a Frenchman.
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client.
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client.
A man who is poor, but independent of other people, is only dominated by his needs. A man who is rich, but dependent, is subordinate to another person, or to several.
A man who knows two languages is worth two men.
A man who lacks resourcefulness is useless.
A man who looked at both of them asked it to them.
A man who never makes mistakes is a man who does nothing.
A man who runs after a dog is not half as ridiculous as a man who runs after a woman.
A man who should stop thinking would no longer be a man.
A man who smacks his wife around is contemptible.
A man who speaks the truth needs a fast horse.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
A man who suffers before it is necessary suffers in his life more than is necessary.
A man who swallowed a tree becomes a tree which swallowed a man.
A man who wanted to see you came while you were out.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
A man will succeed to the same extent as he perseveres.
A man with a bagpipe was piping a solemn tune at the funeral.
A man with a big bank account can't be ugly at all.
A man with a big dog came in.
A man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry.
A man with a gun attempted to commandeer the bus.
A man with a gun told Tom to get into the car.
A man with a gun urged him into the car.
A man with a long beard was playing the saxophone and a young girl, perhaps his daughter, was dancing.
A man with a watch knows what time it is, a man with two watches is never sure.
A man with an intelligent enemy is better off than someone with a stupid friend.
A man with white hair is like a house with snow on the roof. It is by no means clear that there is no fire in the stove.
A man without a goal is like a ship without a rudder.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
A man without faith is like a fish without a bicycle.
A man without his language has lost his land.
A man without honor, better a well-adorned woman!
A man without ideals is hollow.
A man without patience is like a lamp without oil.
A man without principles tends to also be a man without character, since if he would've been born with character, he would've felt the need to have principles.
A man without studies is an incomplete being.
A man without virtue, a beautiful woman is preferable!
A man worthy of his salt can't do such a thing.
A man worthy of his salt cannot do such a thing.
A man's body dies, but his deeds live forever.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
A man's character is his fate.
A man's education has nothing to do with his degrees.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
A man's got to do what a man's got to do.
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
A man's happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
A man's heart is about as large as his fist.
A man's home is his castle.
A man's house is his castle.
A man's life has its ups and downs.
A man's life is but three score years and ten.
A man's life is what his thoughts make of it.
A man's penis controls him.
A man's reach should exceed his grasp.
A man's strength comes not from bread alone.
A man's track was visible beside the horse's.
A man's vanity is his tenderest spot.
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
A man's worth depends on what he is, and not what he has.
A man's worth does not lie in what he has, but in what he is.
A man's worth has nothing to do with his appearance.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than in what he has.
A man's worth lies in what he is rather than what he has.
A man's worth lies in what he is, not in what he has.
A man's worth lies in what he is.
A man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
A man's worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
A man's worth should be judged by his character rather than by his social position.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama!
A man, whether rich or poor, should do something in this world.
A mango ice cream, please.
A manifold is like a three-layer cake: on the bottom, a set; in the middle, a topology; on top, an atlas.
A manned expedition to Mars within the next year? That's completely implausible.
A manservant is a man who works as a servant in a private house.
A man’s body dies, but his soul is immortal.
A man’s happiness depends on what he is rather than on what he has.
A man’s happiness doesn’t depend on what he has, but on what he is.
A man’s heart is about as large as his fist.
A man’s life has its ups and downs.
A man’s life is but three score years and ten.
A man’s vanity is his tenderest spot.
A man’s will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
A man’s worth depends on what he is, and not what he has.
A man’s worth does not lie in what he has, but in what he is.
A man’s worth has nothing to do with his appearance.
A man’s worth lies in what he is rather than in what he has.
A man’s worth lies in what he is rather than what he has.
A man’s worth lies in what he is, not in what he has.
A man’s worth lies in what he is.
A man’s worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
A man’s worth lies not so much in what he has as in what he is.
A man’s worth should be judged by his character rather than by his social position.
A map helps us study geography.
A map helps us to know where we are.
A map is available upon request.
A map is not the territory.
A map of the world that does not include Utopia is not worth even glancing at, for it leaves out the one country at which Humanity is always landing. And when Humanity lands there, it looks out, and, seeing a better country, sets sail.
A marathon is 26.2 miles.
A marathon is pretty exhausting.
A marble tombstone marks the site.
A marble-paved esplanade led from the cobblestoned street up to the palace, and on its west side facing the Great Sea an immense terrace of colored, polished stones went out from the peristylium.
A mare is a female horse.
A marine biologist, Mr. Palumbi says, at present, environmental researchers and institutions conduct specific investigations — each of which provides a snapshot of a particular facet of the ecology for a particular time period.
A marine science instructor snorkelling off the southern coast of California this week discovered the carcass of a rare deep sea oarfish, one of the longest fish in the world.
A marriage in which spouses smack themselves is not a happy one.
A marriage is a bond and a moral obligation.
A marriage is like a living thing.
A marriage is not legal unless certain declarations are made.
A married couple should form a union.
A marron glacé is a sugar coated chestnut, similar to the Japanese sweet natto.
A marvellous sunset greeted me on the coast.
A mask shop in Tokyo has come up with a new take on the theme of facial camouflage—a hyper realistic mask that models a stranger's features in three dimensions.
A mass of maggots were infecting Gabriel's arm.
A mass unsettling of the mindless followers of the cult leader required the arrival of a charismatic insurgent.
A massive coverup was orchestrated at the highest levels of government.
A massive earthquake has killed thousands of people in Turkey and Syria.
A massive earthquake of magnitude 8.8 hit the Japanese islands today.
A massive flood paralyzed the local transportation network.
A massive locust outbreak continues threatening farmers’ fields in East Africa.
A massive spider crawled up into Yanni's bed.
A massive, fast-growing black hole, more luminous than previously discovered phenomena, has been discovered by an international team led by astronomers in Australia.
A master carpenter works with three apprentices.
A masterpiece is a child that is only baptized after their father's death.
A match was found.
A matchbox contains about 50 matches.
A math teacher says, "With a calculator, the child can reach the right answer, but have no idea at all how he got there."
A mathematical truth is neither simple nor complicated; it is.
A mathematician is a man who not only understands the idea put forth before him, but who sees as well the error in its foundations.
A mathematician is a man who not only understands the idea put forth before him, but who sees as well the logical error in its foundations.
A mathematician wouldn't say such a thing.
A mathematician wouldn't say that.
A maximum of four thousand euro is made available to each employee.
A meadow yields grass, with flowers and herbs, which being cut, make hay.
A meal at a restaurant can cost more than a plane ticket.
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
A measles outbreak in the U.S. northwestern state of Washington has state health officials scrambling to contain it.
A mechanic repaired our car.
A mechanic was repairing our car.
A medal was awarded to Tom.
A medical team came.
A medical team is on its way to your location.
A medical team will stop by the neighborhood in the morning.
A medieval joust is held in the town of Arezzo every year.
A medium-size boat came over to us.
A megalopolis is a network of multiple closely linked metropolitan areas.
A megalopolis is an area with a concatenation of numerous big cities with close relationships.
A megaphone isn't a megafauna.
A melee ensued after a crunching tackle on the edge of the penalty area.
A melee ensued after an altercation at the bar.
A melody is not merely something you can hum.
A member of a secret organization has committed suicide.
A member of the Canadian Parliament has apologized after appearing naked during a virtual legislative session via Zoom.
A member of the neighborhood watch shot and killed an innocent person of color last night.
A member of the public who has reasonable grounds to believe that a civil servant has a conflict of interest may request an official opinion respecting the alleged contravention.
A meme is a humorous image, video or words that spread rapidly on the internet.
A memorable event in my stay in Italy was when I was in my hotel room, as I watched an episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation in dubbed Italian.
A memorial service for the victims of the war has been scheduled.
A memory can be bittersweet.
A memory of that time came back to me.
A men's club bought the building across the street from our school.
A menacing thunderstorm has appeared on radar.
A meningitis vaccine that costs 50 cents a dose and can be transported and stored for as long as four days without refrigeration or an icepack is available in Africa, and has already had a dramatic impact in fighting the disease in the parts of Burkina Faso and Chad where it has been administered.
A menorah is a lamp or candle holder used in Jewish religious ceremonies.
A menorah is lit in each household and traditionally is placed where it can be seen from the outside, such as a doorway or near a window.
A mental block stopped me from speaking.
A mentally sick man was roaming those hiking trails, scaring tourists.
A mercenary shot Ziri.
A merchant is a person who buys and sells goods.
A merciless slaughter was committed in Srebrenica in 1995.
A merciless slaugter had been committed in Srebrenica in 1995.
A mere 529 spectators watched the game.
A mere allusion is enough for a wise man.
A mere century ago, most astronomers believed that everything we could see in the night sky belonged to our galaxy.
A mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other.
A mere repetition of other people's research cannot be called true scientific research.
A mere repetition of other people’s research cannot be called true scientific research.
A mermaid is a living being with the head and torso of a woman and the tail of a fish.
A merry Christmas to all of you.
A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world!
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.
A merry heart makes a long life.
A message on the answering machine:"Please call me back! Until 18.00 you will reach me on my cell phone, after that on the landline."
A messenger follows a stone.
A messenger reports that the enemy is approaching.
A messenger took the letter to the White House.
A metal rod has pierced through Ziri's leg.
A metallic lid flew around three kilometers and embedded itself in a building.
A metallic note sounded in his voice.
A metalloid is a type of chemical element which has properties in between, or that are a mixture of, those of metals and nonmetals.
A metalloid is an element with properties intermediate between those of metals and nonmetals (e.g., silicon).
A metaphor is a pictorial expression.
A meteor exploded in Russia, yet since then no governments have started to take the threat of meteor strikes seriously.
A meteor exploded over Russia, yet no one cares enough to provide funding for meteor deflection technology.
A meteor is a bright streak of light in the sky caused when a meteoroid (a small chunk of rock or ice) enters the Earth's atmosphere and heats up.
A meteor lit up the night sky.
A meteorite can make a hole, or crater, in the ground when it hits it. The larger the meteorite, the bigger the hole.
A meteorite is what a meteor is called once it lands on Earth.
A meteoroid is a piece of stone-like or metal-like debris which travels in outer space.
A meter consists of 100 centimeters.
A meter is 100 centimeters.
A meter is a hundred centimeters.
A meter is not quite equivalent to a yard.
A meter is one hundred centimeters.
A meter isn't quite equivalent to a yard.
A methane molecule has a tetrahedral structure.
A metre is 100 centimetres.
A metre is a basic unit of measurement.
A metre is a hundred centimetres.
A metre isn't quite equivalent to a yard.
A metronome can help you keep time.
A microgravity ceremony ushers in a new commander of the International Space Station. An old space telescope finds something new in the cosmos. And a futuristic helmet to study astronauts’ brain waves.
A micrometer is one millionth of a meter.
A microwave oven gets food hot in an instant.
A mid-day nap works wonders.
A middle-aged woman came and sat in front of Paul.
A middle-aged woman is a woman who is past her prime.
A middle-aged woman with a knapsack on her back seemed to be looking for a place to sit down.
A midnight telephone call gives us both shock and displeasure.
A mighty cheer burst from the crowd.
A mile is about 1,600 meters.
A mile is about 1,600 metres.
A mile is about 1600 meters.
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.
A mile is equal to about 1600 meters.
A mile is equal to about 1600 metres.
A mile of road can take you a mile, but a mile of runway can take you anywhere.
A military base got attacked by aliens.
A military coup happened in Thailand in 2014.
A military drone passed above Lukas.
A military operation is under way.
A military veteran shows how his compost business helps to replenish precious topsoil.
A milk boy, passing on his way to the dairy, happened to walk down the lane which leads from the mews at the back of the hotel. He noticed that a ladder, which usually lay there, was raised against one of the windows of the second floor, which was wide open. After passing, he looked back and saw a man descend the ladder. He came down so quietly and openly that the boy imagined him to be some carpenter or joiner at work in the hotel.
A millennium comprises ten centuries.
A millennium is made up of a hundred decades.
A millennium spans a period of ten centuries.
A milliard adults are illiterate.
A millimeter is one thousandth of a meter.
A millimetre is a thousandth of a metre.
A milling machine is typically used to produce precise cuts in woodwork.
A million dollars is a lot of money.
A million is a thousand to the second power.
A million is equal to a thousand times a thousand.
A million lemmings can't be wrong.
A million people lost their live during the war.
A million people lost their lives during the war.
A million thoughts raced through Mary's mind.
A million thoughts raced through Tom's mind.
A million thoughts raced through her mind.
A million thoughts raced through his mind.
A million thoughts were going through his head.
A million years encompasses a thousand millennia.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
A mind-controlled artificial hand with near-natural dexterity is very close to reality.
A mine is an area or tunnel where valuable substances are dug out of the earth.
A mine is where you find precious minerals.
A mining company has suspended plans to expand a mine in Western Australia because of fears it could destroy dozens of indigenous sacred sites.
A miniscule proportion of the population understand what neutrons and protons are.
A minor is dependent on his parents.
A minority of Maithili speakers live in Nepal.
A minority of those in the study experienced side effects such as over-active or under-active thyroid gland function, but it is pointed out that that can easily be treated. More clinical trials are under way and if all goes well, the treatment could be available on the market in as little as four years.
A minute can bring what years failed to give you.
A minute has 60 seconds.
A minute has sixty seconds.
A minute is a unit of time.
A minute is one sixtieth of an hour.
A minute is sixty seconds.
A minute later we were all seated in a comfortable landau, and were rattling through the quaint old Devonshire city.
A minute later we were both in a hansom, driving furiously for the Brixton Road.
A minute of longitude is a mile only on the equator, for the meridians are coming closer to each other as they converge toward either pole.
A minute of silence.
A minute's silence was held.
A miracle happened.
A miracle has happened! Tom is completely healthy, and there's no more trace of the disease!
A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
A miracle was sent from God to save Yanni's life.
A mirage is said to be an illusion.
A mirage sometimes shows up in Toyama Bay.
A mirror can be made out of metal or glass.
A mirror is better than an entire row of ancestral portraits.
A mirror reflects light.
A mirror wall in the room creates an illusion of spaciousness.
A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy.
A miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public-house, who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled herself with, was the circumstance that constituted the charge, and which, if substantiated would be punishable by five or ten years' imprisonment.
A miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public-house, who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled herself with, was the circumstance that constituted the charge, and which, if substantiated would be punishable by five or ten years’ imprisonment.
A miserable sequence of defeats discouraged us.
A misfortune befell him.
A misfortune never comes alone.
A misogynist is the woe of man.
A misogynist thinks of everything in terms of money.
A misogynist's mind and winter wind change often.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
A miss is as good as a mile.
A missed opportunity never comes again.
A mission called GRACE has a satellite that orbits Earth and maps the gravity across the surface.
A misstep would have sent us flying over the cliff, but I did not think of that—my only care was not to startle the shy fleet-footed creatures we were pursuing.
A mist hung over the river.
A mistake is the spice that gives success its aroma.
A mistake like that could ruin your life.
A mistake would have been fatal.
A mistake young people often make is to start learning too many languages at the same time, as they underestimate the difficulties and overestimate their own ability to learn them.
A mistranslation is sometimes called a leiterjakab in Hungarian.
A misunderstanding occurs.
A mitten is a glove shaped to separate only the thumb from the remaining four fingers.
A mitten is a glove shaped to separate only the thumb, and not the remaining four fingers.
A mixed blessing is something that is both good and bad.
A mixture of snow and rain was falling from the sky.
A mizzling rain darkened the atmosphere, and the leafless trees presented a scene of external desolation, that in some degree corresponded with the mental gloom of the travellers.
A moat surrounds the castle.
A moat was dug around the castle to thwart attackers.
A mob of kangaroos came out of the bush.
A mob quickly formed.
A mockarita is similar to a margarita, a drink made with the alcohol called tequila.
A mockingbird sang in the other room.
A model must have an attractive body.
A modern factory is totally automated.
A modern woman defines herself separate from stereotypes.
A modification has occurred.
A module is said to be semisimple if it is the sum of simple submodules.
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
A mole farted through grass, having swallowed a handful of grains.
A mole is a small animal living underground.
A molecule is made up of atoms.
A molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms.
A molester is truly the enemy of women. I'll never let them get away with it.
A molester is truly the enemy of women. I’ll never let them get away with it.
A moment later he and I were back in the front room, where the impassive lady was still quietly working away at her antimacassar.
A moment later, he disappeared.
A moment later, he had disappeared.
A moment later, his face became serious again.
A moment of patience can avoid great unhappiness, a moment of impatience can ruin a whole life.
A moment's doubt can cost a pilot her life.
A moment's doubt can cost a pilot his life.
A moment's hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
A moment’s hesitation may cost a pilot his life.
A monad is a monoid in the category of endofunctors.
A monarch had six sons.
A monastery once stood here.
A mongoose and a cat are playing together.
A monkey bit me.
A monkey got on the podium and threw handfuls of shit at the senators.
A monkey is climbing up a tall tree.
A monkey is mature at a few years old.
A monkey prefers to see other monkeys above all else.
A monkey ran out in front of our bus.
A monkey would label you a banana enthusiast.
A monochrome print compared to a colour print is less expensive.
A monochrome print cost less than a colour print.
A monochrome print is cheaper than a colour print.
A monochrome print is less expensive than a colour print.
A monolingual or bilingual person will always ask why you're learning a, let's call it, non-traditional language, while a polyglot will find it normal.
A monster chased after Ziri.
A monster fucked me.
A monster lay on a rock near the top of the mountain.
A monster lies on a rock near the top of the mountain.
A monster lives in the wardrobe.
A monster was believed to live in the cave.
A monstrous sea creature grabbed Paul and pulled him down into the water.
A montero cap and a black feather drooped over the wearer's brow, and partly concealed his features, which, so far as seen, were dark, regular, and full of majestic, though somewhat sullen, expression.
A montero cap and a black feather drooped over the wearer's brow.
A month has already passed.
A month has passed and the work has made little progress.
A month has passed, and I've made at least 1,352 sentences.
A month has thirty or thirty-one days.
A month has thirty or thirty-one days. Except February.
A month here costs the same as a month in Algiers.
A month is too little time.
A month later she realised that she was pregnant.
A month later, he accepted Islam.
A month without you is not fun.
A monument has been erected to the memory of the deceased.
A monument to the crash is located on private property.
A monument was erected in her honor.
A monument was erected in memory of the deceased.
A moon colony full of habitats should be the priority. Shuttling to and from Luna would give space agencies real experiences in working in space.
A moon is already shining above Jupiter's surface.
A moon is already shining.
A moon is still shining.
A moon rocket will be launched tonight.
A moose licked Tom's face while he was sleeping.
A moral dilemma can be difficult to solve.
A moral dilemma can test a person’s true character.
A moral monopoly is the antithesis of a marketplace of ideas.
A moral person doesn't lie, cheat, or steal.
A moral person doesn’t lie, cheat, or steal.
A moratorium has been placed on discussing this topic.
A moratorium was placed on atmospheric nuclear testing.
A moray eel bit me.
A more barbarous form of these rejoicings took place among the rude peoples of the north where great blocks of wood blazed in honor of Odin and Thor, and sacrifices of men and cattle were made to them. Mistletoe was cut then from the sacred oaks with a golden sickle by the Prince of the Druids.
A more convenient and detailed reference grammar, I have yet to meet.
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
A more experienced lawyer would've dealt with the case in a different way.
A more honest man never lived.
A more plausible proposal is the one Leech presented in conjunction with Emmet's theory.
A more plausible proposal is the one Leech presented in conjunction with Emmet’s theory.
A more practical attempt to unify the new with the old in Athenian society and education was made by Aristotle (386–322 B. C.), the pupil of Plato.
A more robust approach is certainly possible.
A moribund love is not resuscitated.
A morning appointment is better for me.
A morning erection: Will it last only until I take a leak?
A mortgage is a kind of loan that people can use to buy a house.
A mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average.
A mosque is a house of God.
A mosque is a place for worship.
A mosque is a place of worship for Muslims.
A mosque is a place of worship.
A mosque is a sacred place.
A mosque is like a church with no chairs.
A mosquito just bit me.
A mosquito-borne viral illness, dengue fever often begins with a severe headache and fever, then blossoms into that severe pain accompanied by vomiting, swollen glands and a rash.
A most horrible thing befell him.
A most vivid blue sky opened before her.
A motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile.
A moth rested on one of the mushrooms.
A mother and her son died in a car crash.
A mother and her two children were stabbed to death in a slasher incident.
A mother can feed ten children, but ten children can't feed a mother.
A mother does everything for her child.
A mother is caught between her desire to please and the need to be authoritative.
A mother is responsible for the conduct of her children.
A mother kissed the child.
A mother must protect her child's teeth from decay.
A mother must protect her child’s teeth from decay.
A mother put a large vase on the shelf.
A mother rabbit keeps her babies warm with her own body.
A mother tends to hold her baby on the left.
A mother tried to calm her restless child.
A mother who abandons her children does not deserve to get them back.
A mother who loves her son will also love her daughter-in-law.
A mother will do anything for her child.
A mother with a wooden leg and glass eye is coming.
A mother would always side with her son.
A mother's advice would outweigh a friend's.
A mother's heart always forgives.
A mother's heart is always with her children.
A mother's love is unconditional.
A mother's work is never done.
A mother-in-law does not grumble at her daughter-in-law.
A motherland is something you can't choose.
A mother’s advice would outweigh a friend’s.
A mother’s heart is always with her children.
A motivation for East Asians to conserve their sinograms is to distinguish many homonyms. In speech, context tells the listener what is the intended meaning. In the PRC, Pinyin documentation, Romanized Mandarin, is available for minorities who cannot read sinograms. Somehow, they make do.
A motley crew of educators and students gathered at the seminar.
A motorcycle is the best way to get around here.
A motorcyclist came to grief when he failed to take a sweeping bend in the road.
A motorcyclist hit Ziri at high speed.
A motorist hardly notices a gentle incline, but a cyclist does.
A mouldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
A mountain chain protects the valley from the northern winds.
A mountain fire broke out and burnt the forest.
A mountain lion was preparing to pounce on Ziri.
A mouse came into the room.
A mouse is a timid creature.
A mouse is baked in the oven to a ‘scrump,’ then pounded to powder, and this powder administered.
A mouse is eating a Cheeseburger.
A mouse is eating a cat.
A mouse is eating an elephant.
A mouse is not a large animal.
A mouse is running about in the room.
A mouse is running around the room.
A mouse is smaller than a rat.
A mouse ran under the bed.
A mouse scurried out of the hole.
A mouse went for a walk on the table.
A mousetrap rids the house of mice.
A movie I liked got a remake.
A muddy stream of mysticism is inundating the consciousness of the British and American bourgeoisie.
A mudslide swept the truck into a ravine.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
A mugger stole my handbag.
A mule can live to be over fifty years old.
A mule is a cross between a donkey and a horse.
A mule is a cross between a male donkey and a female horse.
A mule is a hybrid between a donkey and a horse.
A mule is a hybrid offspring of two species, a female horse and a male donkey.
A mule kicked Tom.
A multitude of books burdens the student, does not instruct him.
A mural in the tomb depicts 12 monkeys with talismans, to help the soul find its way to eternity.
A murmur passed through the crowd.
A murmur rippled through the crowd.
A murmur went through the audience.
A murmur went through the crowd.
A murmur went through the rows of spectators.
A museum is a great place to find a date.
A museum is a place or a building where works of art are gathered to show them to the public and possibly preserve them for the future.
A museum was set up in the former barracks.
A musical competition is happening soon.
A musical score is very useful in classical music.
A musician can appreciate small differences in sounds.
A musician friend of mine gave an impromptu performance of a piece he had just finished composing.
A mustache grows on the upper lip.
A mustache suits Tom.
A mutiny on my ship? It's completely impossible.
A mutual friend introduced Tom and me.
A mysterious chamber has been discovered inside the pyramid.
A mysterious creature attacked Tom while he was in the woods.
A mysterious force attacked Lukas.
A mysterious legend has been handed down about this lake.
A mysterious message came from the administrator.
A mysterious metal monolith was discovered in Utah.
A mysterious sound approaches.
A mysterious spaceship was flying away from Earth.
A mystery bag that's priced at 25000 yen but contains items individually priced at over 50000 yen seems like such a steal.
A mystery disease caused the grapes to wither on the vine.
A mystery is something that's not clear. For example, this is a real mystery.
A nail penetrated the car tire.
A nail penetrated the car tyre.
A nail punctured the tire.
A nail punctured the tyre.
A naive peasant told a crooked merchant who wanted to sell him a deformed beast: "Even if I did not understand everything and that I know you to pass some junk, there is no question that I take the one who has the crooked mouth!"
A naked lecture conveys boredom ; tales help precepts get through.
A name has not yet been found for horseless carriages... The latest suggestion we have had is 'motor car'.
A name indicating something far away or in distant memory.
A name is an omen.
A name is sound and mist.
A nanometer, or nano, is one-thousand-millionth of a meter. This is about the size of atoms and molecules. Nanotechnologists work with materials this small.
A nap would be good.
A narcissist is constantly hurting people.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
A narcissist's only quality is disingenuousness and it stinks of hell and rotting flesh.
A narcissistic individual has an overinflated ego.
A narrative can be a genre of text.
A narrow alley in San Francisco, California, is also an art exhibit, with walls covered by beautifully painted images and murals. It is called the Clarion Alley Mural Project, or CAMP, and it was established by a group of volunteers in 1992.
A nasal swab revealed that she had Covid-19.
A nasty bout of flu confined him to bed.
A nation creates music — the composer only arranges it.
A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
A nation need not necessarily be powerful to be great.
A nation that annihilates all the native nations and cultures of two continents, North America and Australia, then drops two nuclear bombs on a densely populated island, would be feared even by aliens.
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.
A nation that forgets its past has no future.
A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members.
A nation's hope of lasting peace cannot be firmly based upon any race in armaments but rather upon just relations and honest understanding with all other nations.
A national army still doesn't exist in Libya.
A national campaign for energy saving is underway.
A national day of mourning is coming up.
A national emergency declaration empowers a president to take draconian measures in the name of national security.
A national fibre-optic network project has started.
A national flag is often considered a unique symbol, but many pairs or groups of countries have incredibly similar flags to each other.
A nationwide internal lockdown is not under consideration, Trump told reporters. "I don't think we'll ever find that necessary," said the president.
A native Berber speaker wouldn't say that.
A native Floridian, she began playing keyboards at age five, and saxophone at age eight.
A native corrected my mistakes.
A native of Australia, Tom has been rocking the electronic music scene since he started his musical journey 13 years ago.
A native of Philadelphia, Bryant spent much of his youth in Italy where his father played pro basketball after his own career in the NBA.
A native speaker corrected my mistakes.
A native speaker wouldn't likely say it that way.
A natural diet is suitable for human digestion.
A nature reserve is an area in which the animals and plants are legally protected.
A nautical mile is based on the circumference of the earth, and is equal to one minute of latitude.
A nautical mile is equal to 1.1508 statute miles.
A nautical mile measures distance and a knot measures speed.
A naÃ¯ve fox does not exist. Likewise, there is no such thing as a man without faults.
A naïve fox does not exist. Likewise, there is no such thing as a man without faults.
A nearby café became his favorite spot.
A nearby town even considered becoming part of the neighboring state. They really just wanted lower taxes.
A nearly completely preserved mummified squirrel has also been found inside the tomb of an Egyptian princess, leading researchers to speculate.
A nearsighted person has difficulty seeing objects clearly in the distance. A farsighted person has trouble seeing things up close. For a person with astigmatism, objects appear blurry at any distance.
A nebula is an interstellar cloud of dust, hydrogen, helium and other ionized gases.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
A negative thought isn't always true.
A negative thought isn't necessarily true.
A neighbor heard Layla's screams.
A neighbor heard Tom screaming.
A neighbor heard Tom's screams.
A neighbor said he heard Tom screaming.
A neighbor told me.
A neighbor's flowers always look redder.
A neighbour told me that.
A neighbour told me.
A nephew is a sister's or a brother's son.
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
A nephew is a son of one’s brother or sister.
A nephew is the son of a brother.
A nephew is the son of a sibling.
A nephew is the son of a sister.
A nerd who has sex is called a kinkster.
A nerve cell responds to a slight stimulus.
A nervous person will not be fit for this job.
A network of railroads soon spread over the entire country.
A network of railroads spreads all over Japan.
A neuron has dendrites and axons with synapses.
A neutral country is a country that doesn't sell weapons to a warring country, unless you pay cash.
A neutral country is a country that doesn’t sell weapons to a warring country, unless you pay cash.
A neutral country was asked to help settle the dispute.
A neutral work is the work of a coward.
A new 160-meter wooden walkway for visitors has been constructed in the hypogeum, which provides access to parts of the monument which were not previously visible.
A new Algerian enterprise law encourages foreign direct investment.
A new Buddhist temple is being built in the town.
A new Chinese restaurant was opened on the corner.
A new Slovak fairy tale movie "Johanka's secret" features singer Kristína Peláková with the song "On a White Horse".
A new Take That album! That's really something else!
A new U.S. spacecraft has been launched from Florida on a mission to soak up the sun's rays, like a vacationer at the beach.
A new United Nations report argues that investing in the education, health and well-being of 10-year-old girls will pay huge economic and developmental dividends for societies worldwide.
A new WHO report found that progress in combating the tobacco epidemic and in reducing demand is being made, but not enough.
A new actor was billed to appear as Hamlet.
A new affair is agitating the police administration.
A new ancient pyramid has been discovered in Egypt.
A new apartment building on Mission Street in San Francisco, one of 20 U.S. cities with the most significant increase in the number of wealthy renters.
A new argument was presented.
A new art movement was emerging in Paris.
A new art teacher is starting this school year.
A new art teacher will start this school year.
A new art trend in New York City takes the age-old craft of crocheting to the streets, where traditionally walls and fences have been serving as canvases for graffiti artists.
A new bar has opened up near where I live. It's called "Wählbar", a German word. Funnily enough however, the staff can't pronounce it.
A new beaked whale species, called Berardius minimus, was discovered around the coast of Hokkaido.
A new blood test can tell doctors whether a person has suffered a concussion up to a week after he or she was injured.
A new book expected to come out this semester is about how to avoid financial problems in difficult times.
A new branch is opening next month in Boston.
A new branch is opening next month in Chicago.
A new branch to Haugesund will become the main effective road connection to Oslo and eastern Norway for the entire western region.
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
A new breeze is blowing, and a nation refreshed by freedom stands ready to push on.
A new bridge is being built over the river.
A new broom sweeps clean.
A new building is being built in front of my house.
A new bus line is scheduled to run between Oldtown and Newtown.
A new campaign has been announced to eradicate polio. The six-year plan costing $5.5 billion was unveiled Thursday at the Global Vaccine Summit in Abu Dhabi.
A new car came to a standstill in front of the bank.
A new car experiences its biggest depreciation when it is driven away from the dealership. You'll never be able to sell it for anything close to the price you paid for it.
A new case occurred. They applied the new rule to it.
A new chapter of Robert's life has begun.
A new civil marriage law in Lebanon allows marriages between individuals of different religions.
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year.
A new coat of paint on the walls would help.
A new comet that was discovered in April using data from an orbiting observatory may be visible to the naked eye in the coming weeks.
A new complication of coronavirus became apparent in the study.
A new conspiracy theory has emerged about aliens believed to be carriers of the recent coronavirus.
A new contribution to tatoeba.org is always welcome!
A new cook has already been hired.
A new danger threatens me; I escape from a furious prince, to be ensnared by a delirious poet.
A new date still has to be set.
A new day has begun.
A new day is coming.
A new day is rising.
A new day will come, and there will be food.
A new deadline hasn't been set.
A new dictionary has been projected.
A new difficulty has arisen.
A new difficulty presented itself.
A new dress was bought for her.
A new feeling has come into the world. A powerful call is going through the world.
A new film by Spanish director Fernando Trueba titled "Calle 54" is getting rave reviews for its dynamic blending of jazz and Latin music.
A new full edition of the encyclopedia has come out.
A new future began.
A new generation of space exploration instruments will be able to describe exoplanet atmospheres in much greater detail.
A new girl has been transferred to our class.
A new global Earth observation system, that could save lives in disasters such as the recent cyclone in southern Bangladesh, is being reviewed at a ministerial-level summit in Cape Town this week.
A new government and constitution went into effect in 1978.
A new hall is built in the industrial park.
A new headteacher is in charge of the school.
A new health clinic is set to open next month.
A new hotel has opened in the neighborhood.
A new hotel will be built here next year.
A new house would usually come with many problems.
A new ice rink is opening in the city today.
A new ice-cream parlour has opened in King Street. Shall we go there?
A new idea came to me.
A new idea came to my mind.
A new idea is like a computer virus: after invading the mind, it's not easy to remove.
A new initiative strives to minimize the number of accidents.
A new issue of the magazine is out.
A new job, a new environment would be good for you.
A new job, a new environment would do you good.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
A new king was appointed over Ashkelon, and Hezekiah was compelled to restore to Ekron its former prince, whom he had imprisoned in Jerusalem on account of his loyalty to Assyria.
A new koala hospital will open in Port Stephens, north of Sydney. It will join an already existing hospital in the New South Wales town of Port Macquarie, which began treating injured marsupials in the 1970s.
A new law has come into existence.
A new law is expected to cut air pollution by 60%.
A new love is like a new life.
A new man is taking Yanni's place.
A new material might be strong enough to render even an armor-piercing bullet harmless.
A new means of communication was developed â€” the railway.
A new means of communication was developed — the railway.
A new mobile phone app using satellite images is helping Maasai cattle herders in Kenya find rich pastures and water in their drought stricken terrain. The device also tells them places to avoid to reduce encounters with wild animals.
A new model came out, but the specs aren't much different.
A new model isn't necessarily any better than the older one.
A new model isn’t necessarily any better than the older one.
A new moon is the best time to see the Milky Way.
A new moon was coming up.
A new museum is being built at the center of the city.
A new museum is being built in the center of the city.
A new museum recently opened in Rome to display stolen art recovered by the Italian police squad charged with safeguarding the country's artistic and cultural heritage.
A new oil tanker was launched.
A new online database is fighting medical quackery by helping people easily find out if their doctor has a license.
A new organization was founded successfully.
A new person runs the federal bank.
A new personal home robot follows you around your home, navigating past obstacles, so you can multitask while staying connected.
A new phenomenon arose: mass tourism.
A new planet has been discovered.
A new planet was discovered.
A new pope has been elected.
A new president has just been elected.
A new principal is administering the school.
A new prosecutor took over the case from the previous one.
A new pupil came into the class.
A new railroad will soon be laid here.
A new railway bridge will be built between the two cities.
A new report by 11,258 scientists in 153 countries from a broad range of disciplines warns that the planet “clearly and unequivocally faces a climate emergency,” and provides six broad policy goals that must be met to address it.
A new report finds most adolescents around the world do not get enough physical activity on a daily basis to be healthy and to stay healthy as adults.
A new report from Project Renew, the organization behind the detonation team, highlights how Vietnam has continued to clear bombs, land mines and other ordnance despite COVID-19.
A new report released on May 7 finds that locally owned African seed companies now dominate Africa’s seed industry. The analysis was conducted by the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA). It revealed that 80 small- to medium-sized African seed companies in 16 countries are equipped to produce over 80,000 metric tons of professionally certified seeds in 2014.
A new report says the world lost a staggering 60 percent of its wildlife populations over a period of four decades.
A new restaurant has opened near the station.
A new road is under construction.
A new room was assigned to me.
A new rota will be posted later.
A new school building is being built.
A new school building is under construction.
A new school has been built.
A new school is being built opposite the castle.
A new school is being built.
A new school of fiction has grown up.
A new school will be built on the site.
A new school year started on September 2nd.
A new school year started.
A new sentence is like a letter in a bottle: it will be translated some day.
A new sentence is like a letter in a bottle: it will be translated some time.
A new sentence is like a message in a bottle: it will be translated some time.
A new sentence is like a message in a bottle: some time it will be translated.
A new serial will begin in next month's issue.
A new serial will begin in next month’s issue.
A new shopping centre was built in the High Street.
A new shopping mall opened on the edge of town.
A new simulator is being developed to predict well in advance how bushfires will move across the landscape.
A new species of chameleon has been found in the Udzungwa Mountains and Southern Highlands areas of Tanzania.
A new spider moved in.
A new spool of filament has been delivered.
A new stadium is being built in Tizi-Ouzou, Algeria.
A new star has appeared like a comet in the soccer world.
A new store opened on our street.
A new student came into the class.
A new study based on fossilized footprints suggests a prehistoric relative of modern crocodiles walked on two hind legs.
A new study by Potsdam University and the German Research Centre for Geosciences GFZ finds recent droughts in central Europe have seriously depleted groundwater resources that forests depend on, leaving a major deficit despite winter rains.
A new study from Rice University, in Houston, Texas, suggests an exoplanet simply residing in a star’s habitable zone may not be enough to determine its actual habitability.
A new study has found that males of short stature are at increased risk of losing their hair prematurely, in addition to a number of other health conditions.
A new study has found that people recovering from colon cancer significantly increase their risk of recurrence or death by eating a so-called Western diet, high in fat and processed foods.
A new study has shown that tanning bed use may cause addiction.
A new study has, for the first time, demonstrated that a specific kind of virotherapy can infect and kill cancer in humans, leaving healthy cells unharmed.
A new study indicates that fireworks may be harmful to humans and animals.
A new study indicates the kind of bacteria found in a person’s digestive tract can affect the severity of coronavirus infections and the body’s immune response.
A new study led by researchers from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution outlines the discovery of a previously unknown “supercolony” of more than 1.5 million Adélie penguins living on the Danger islands, off the northernmost tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
A new study led by scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory has found that a new strain of the novel coronavirus that is prevailing worldwide is spreading faster than earlier versions.
A new study lends further support to this aspect of Darwin’s still-controversial theory of natural selection.
A new study looks at what sheepdogs do naturally with their flocks to come up with a computer model that can recreate their behavior and apply it to situations well beyond the pasture.
A new study released in the journal Science explains why despite the rise of heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere, global warming has slowed over the last 15 years.
A new study says most referees can see just fine. Belgian and British researchers found that the best referees, however, are able to pay attention to the parts of a play where a foul is most likely to happen.
A new study says that coffee is good for you.
A new study says thawing permafrost, or soil that is usually frozen year-round, in the world's arctic regions is releasing greenhouse gases not accounted for in global estimates, making it more difficult to fight climate change.
A new study shows small-scale irrigation systems could boost farmers’ incomes by billions of dollars in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.
A new study shows that everything we thought we knew up to now, is wrong.
A new study shows that the germs that cause the common cold can live longer than previously thought. Researchers find the germs can live for almost a week on doorknobs and other surfaces.
A new study suggests that hospital records for patients older than 65 are often incorrect, which may lead to serious treatment errors.
A new study suggests that human life expectancy does not yet appear to be reaching a natural limit, with ever more people reaching old age and still maintaining their independence.
A new study suggests that if you find yourself annoyed by seagulls at the beach or, more increasingly, urban areas, the best way to discourage them is to make eye contact.
A new study suggests that regularly seeing certain endangered species depicted as cartoons or toys can give the public a false perception that the animals' populations are secure.
A new supermarket opened in our neighborhood.
A new survey shows that Internet freedom has declined around the world for the fourth consecutive year, as a growing number of countries impose various forms of online censorship and monitoring practices. Rights group Freedom House on Thursday issued an annual report that says more people are being arrested for their Internet activities than ever before, and online media outlets are increasingly pressured to comply with government requests for data or deletions.
A new tax has been imposed on cigarettes.
A new tax was imposed on wine.
A new teacher stood before the class.
A new teacher's going to take charge of this class.
A new teacher’s going to take charge of this class.
A new teaching method is used in this textbook.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the race.
A new theory by an anonymous author proposes that brontosauruses are rather thin at both ends, but that the middle part of their body is actually very thick.
A new time will come.
A new topic came up in conversation.
A new train control system is installed on the railway line.
A new tram line links Montfermeil to Paris and a muddy construction site promises to become a future station of a vast, regional transit network.
A new tram-stop sign is being put up.
A new translation is being prepared.
A new translation is in preparation.
A new treatment for hepatitis is being studied.
A new trial date hasn't been set yet.
A new trial date hasn't been set.
A new trial date hasn't yet been set.
A new truth is no less harmful than an old falsehood.
A new tunnel has been dug through the mountain.
A new tunnel was built through the mountain.
A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels.
A new update is available.
A new user is connected.
A new variant of the coronavirus found in white-tailed deer in Canada was later discovered in a person who lived nearby and had contact with the deer population, according to a recent study.
A new video comes out every single day.
A new video comes out every week.
A new war is inevitable.
A new woman came into Sami's life.
A new woman walked into Sami's life.
A new worldwide medieval era is coming on.
A new year always brings hope.
A new year began meanwhile.
A new year brings hope.
A new, highly-effective anti-malaria treatment will soon be made available in countries where the parasitic illness is endemic. A great deal of controversy has surrounded the planned distribution of the drug, which is made from an ancient Chinese herb.
A newborn baby gets sick easily.
A newborn baby is 78 percent water. Adults are 55-60 percent water.
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill.
A newborn baby is more than just the sum of their parents.
A newborn was found in a basket by the church door.
A newcomer to acting, Yalitza Aparicio is in the running for Best Actress this Sunday at the Academy Awards.
A newly arrived resident took a poultry farmer to court, claiming his cockerels crowed too early, too often, and too loudly.
A newly discovered comet may be visible to the naked eye in the coming weeks.
A newly discovered supernova that astronomers say is the brightest exploding star ever seen is baffling scientists all over the world.
A newly released study suggests that a canine’s sense of smell is so acute that it can differentiate between a normal, non-cancerous blood serum sample and one that was taken from a patient with malignant lung cancer.
A news chopper crashed in Seattle.
A newspaper article is not a literary work.
A newspaper printed a story about the operation.
A newspaper tells us what is happening in the world.
A nibble is a data aggregation that comprises 4 bits, also called a half-byte, tetrade or quartet.
A nibling is the child of a sibling.
A nice big glass of water is a good way to start the day.
A nice book would be better!
A nice boy talked to Kate.
A nice day, isn't it? How about going for a swim?
A nice day, isn't it? Why not go out for a walk?
A nice day, isn’t it? How about going for a swim?
A nice day, isn’t it? Why not go out for a walk?
A nice lady took me into a huge, gigantic – at least from a 3-year-old's perspective – room, with tall shelves filled with toys. And I was sitting there, in one place, for I have no idea how long, but probably for a colossal 5 minutes or so, and then I just started crying like I've never cried before (or at least that's how my mom described it to me). Ladies from the kindergarten tried to calm me, but there was no use. Fortunately, my mother was still there, talking with a parent of another kid, so she came to me and took me home. And they decided to never take me there again until I was 6 or so.
A nice roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
A nice room, isn't it?
A nice room, isn’t it?
A nice smell wafted from the hot tea and toast.
A nice warm bath will relax your muscles.
A nickel is a five-cent coin.
A nickel-chromium wire is bent into the desired shape, placed in a container and covered in a mix of nylon powder and fine-grained sand.
A niece is a daughter of one's brother or sister.
A niece is a daughter of one’s brother or sister.
A niece is the daughter of a brother.
A niece is the daughter of a sibling.
A niece is the daughter of a sister.
A nightingale will not sing in a cage.
A nightly gathering of thousands of birds called a “murmuration” has captured the attention of entertainment-starved people in Northern California.
A nightly visit from a beautiful or frightful being, who first exhausts the sleeper with passionate embraces and then withdraws from him a vital fluid: all this can point only to a natural and common process, namely to nocturnal emissions accompanied with dreams of a more or less erotic nature.
A nine-year-old’s story, and that of other young patients, captivate millions — and raises millions of dollars for research.
A no-fly zone can't be implemented over Ukraine.
A no-fly zone over Ukraine is unfeasible.
A noble horse doesn't care about a barking dog.
A noble man by woman's gentle word may oft be led.
A nod is a sign of agreement.
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
A noise arouse from the woods.
A noise aroused me from my sleep.
A noise attracted Tom's attention.
A noise behind me made my eyes open wide.
A noise like that can be musical.
A noise woke her up.
A noise woke them up.
A non-Muslim man who commits adultery with a Muslim woman in Iran gets the death penalty. A Muslim man who commits adultery with a non-Muslim woman receives no penalty at all under Iranian law.
A nonagon, sometimes called an enneagon, is a polygon with nine sides.
A noob once met Betty and while desperately trying hard not to get killed, ended up killing himself.
A normal person might spend a lifetime at it and still not succeed but faced with a determined Ren it was not greatly different from a normal cylinder lock.
A north wind blows, obviously off the icebergs.
A north wind is blowing.
A nose can run even without legs.
A nose job could cost you six thousand dollars in this country.
A nose job is not a big deal.
A nose job isn't a big deal.
A note came through our door. It had been written by a neighbour asking us to help look for her missing cat.
A note is briefer than a letter.
A note that read, "Don't forget breakfast!" had been stuck on the fridge.
A note that read, "Don't forget breakfast!" was stuck to the fridge.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
A notice about the next meeting was posted on the door.
A notice came in the mail.
A notice for the shareholders' meeting has arrived.
A notice for the shareholders' meeting reached me.
A notice is pinned up in our meeting room.
A noun can be singular or plural.
A novel idea occurred to me.
A novel is written one sentence at a time.
A novelty wears off in time.
A novice kayaker should learn basic techniques before venturing downstream.
A nuclear exchange between Russia and the United States would mean the end of the world as we know it.
A nuclear explosion isn't something you should stick around and see.
A nuclear war means the end of human civilization.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
A nuclear war would have catastrophic consequences.
A nuclear war would mean the end of life as we know it.
A nuclear war would mean the fall of humankind.
A nudnik who believes he's profound is even worse than just a plain nudnik.
A nudnik who believes he’s profound is even worse than just a plain nudnik.
A nugging-dress is an exotic dress, especially a loose dress worn by and characteristic of harlots. Brothels were called "nugging houses".
A nulliparous woman is one who has never given birth.
A number is a human measure that can not reflect how good and important the beauties of life are, such as love, honesty, humility, respect and affection.
A number is a human measurement that can't reflect how good and important the really beautiful things in life are, like love, honesty, humility, respect, and care.
A number is your ticket to hell.
A number of Japanese people travel abroad every summer.
A number of U.S. states have twisted themselves into pretzels trying to come up with a definition of "biological sex" that actually applies to everyone while forcing them unnaturally into only two categories.
A number of airlines, including Air France, Lufthansa and Singapore Airlines, have said they would not fly through Belarusian airspace.
A number of arrests were made worldwide throughout the operation, and Interpol said investigations are continuing in an attempt to identify and disrupt organized-crime networks behind the trafficking in fake goods.
A number of artifacts were taken from the site for further investigation.
A number of books were stolen.
A number of cars are parked in front of my house.
A number of companies manufacturing a line of popular small cars have simply scaled up those models.
A number of countries have strict laws against drugs.
A number of daily online Talmud studies and minyonim are popping up during the crisis.
A number of experts attended the meeting.
A number of famous artists live in Australia.
A number of friends saw him off.
A number of hikers went missing in the area.
A number of his friends perished in the past conflict.
A number of imaging techniques are employed in radiology, such as X-ray, MRI, and ultrasound.
A number of improvement notices have been issued to eateries for flouting hygiene regulations.
A number of interesting items are on display at the museum.
A number of interesting objects are being exhibited at the museum.
A number of issues remain unresolved.
A number of my friends put ketchup on their eggs.
A number of passengers were injured in the accident.
A number of passengers were injured.
A number of people die in traffic accidents.
A number of people were drowned.
A number of people were killed.
A number of people were there.
A number of police officers at separate youth parties were pelted with rocks and beer bottles at the weekend.
A number of pollutants are required to be filtered out from the flue gas of power plants before it can be exhausted to the atmosphere.
A number of positions are granted to the handicapped or those with special needs.
A number of problems remain unresolved.
A number of purported grassroots movements are really astroturfing campaigns by the ultra-wealthy.
A number of questions remain unresolved.
A number of same-sex marriages conducted last weekend have been declared null and void after the High Court of Australia ruled that the legislation allowing the marriages was unconstitutional.
A number of senators disliked Wilson.
A number of soldiers were wearing civilian clothes.
A number of sophisticated instruments aboard the Solar Dynamics Observatory are measuring the sun’s interior, its magnetic field, the plasma of the solar corona, and its irradiance or power of its electromagnetic radiation.
A number of squatters were living in the condemned building.
A number of students announced their readiness to engage in the contest.
A number of students are absent today.
A number of students said they would be happy to take part in the contest.
A number of studies in people have investigated the health effects of flaxseed and flaxseed oil, particularly how flaxseed may affect heart and blood vessel diseases, type 2 diabetes, and menopausal symptoms.
A number of tech wearables are letting users control devices with their thoughts.
A number of those involved in the accident remain hospitalized.
A number of tickets are sold in advance.
A number of times the vending machine didn't give any change.
A number of times the vending machine didn’t give any change.
A number of tourists were injured in the accident.
A number of traffic accidents have happened recently.
A number of trees were blown down.
A number of us don't know what to do.
A number of us have done this and perhaps are still doing this.
A number of windows were blown out.
A nun arrived.
A nurse brought me some bread and coffee, but the bread was stale and the coffee tasted of soap.
A nurse came and gave me bread and coffee, but the bread was dry and the coffee tasted soapy.
A nurse met Yanni at the door and told him that Skura had passed away.
A nurse took my temperature.
A nurse wears white.
A nychthemeron has eighty-six thousand four hundred seconds.
A nymph lives there.
A nymphaeum is a monument consecrated to the nymphs.
A one million yen fine? That's nothing to me.
A one-armed man is waving us over.
A one-legged man is hopping over here.
A one-way ticket to Birmingham, please.
A one-way ticket to Boston, please.
A pack of dogs got wet.
A pack of dogs tracked the fox to its lair.
A pack of wild dogs attacked Tom.
A pack of wolves attacked the traveler.
A package arrived for you.
A package arrived from Algeria.
A package arrived from Australia.
A package arrived from Boston.
A package has arrived for you.
A package has arrived.
A package is missing.
A package just arrived for you.
A package just came for you.
A package just came in.
A package of flour weighs one kilogram.
A packet of flour weighs a kilo.
A packet of flour weighs one kilogram.
A packet of size 0 forces the decoder to finish.
A packing list for a business trip will include a dress jacket, shirt, and trousers.
A paddock is not a pasture in which horses can graze; rather, it is an enclosure suitable as an arena for horse training and exercise.
A pagan lives in harmony with nature.
A page came out of a book.
A page is dedicated to him.
A page is missing.
A page of history is worth a volume of logic.
A page pop up, listing the candidates.
A pail of wine (for in those days it was served out from the cask in pewter flagons) was placed on the table, and each had his two-handled or wide-mouthed cup before him.
A painter could not better describe his likeness.
A painter illustrates.
A painter is a man that paints what he sells. An artist, on the other hand, is a man who sells what he paints.
A painter only becomes a true painter by practicing his craft.
A painter paints his pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. We provide the music, and you provide the silence.
A painter who has only been a painter will never be more than half an artist.
A painter's eyes are his most important tool.
A painter's eyes are his most important tools.
A painter-friend of his, who had been patiently watching his opportunity to get a word with him as he stood there exchanging handshakes, managed at last to get near enough for conversation.
A painter’s eyes are his most important tools.
A painting adorns the wall.
A painting is a wordless poem.
A pair of Ronald Reagan's cowboy boots, which were valued at $20,000, sold for almost $200,000.
A pair of bread slices popped up from the toaster.
A pair of canaries are her only friends.
A pair of earrings is a nice present for her.
A pair of falcons nests on the roof.
A pair of giant pandas that China gave to Taiwan nearly five years ago saw its first cub born Saturday.
A pair of gloves is a nice gift.
A pair of gloves was left in the taxi.
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
A pair of mischievous children used a stick to write nasty words in the wet cement.
A pair of points is part of only one line.
A pair of red chopsticks broke.
A pair of sparrows is building a nest on the terrace at my house.
A pair of sunglasses consists of two parts: the frame and the lenses.
A pair of sunglasses could hide a stye.
A pale autumn sun now fell on an empty bench between two pine trees.
A paleontologist in Texas has identified a new species of coelacanth, an ancient fish most closely related to land-dwelling vertebrates, including humans.
A pall of darkness cloaked the valley.
A pallbearer carries the casket of the deceased at their funeral.
A pallbearer stumbled, causing the casket to tumble off the bier and onto the ground.
A pan is used for frying.
A panacea is a remedy against all ills.
A panda escaped from his enclosure at the Copenhagen Zoo.
A pane is a piece of glass in a window.
A panel of experts discussed the plan.
A panel of judges rebelled against the rules of a prestigious literary award by naming both Margaret Atwood and Bernardine Evaristo the winners of the 2019 Booker Prize in London.
A panic attack might happen at any time.
A paper bag filled to the brim with apples looks very cool, right?
A paper clip can be used to hold two pieces of paper together.
A paradigm is something you think about before you think about it.
A parallelepiped is a three-dimensional shape with parallelograms as its faces.
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines.
A paramedic lifted the unconscious man.
A paramedic was soon at the scene of the accident.
A paranoid thought crept into Gabor's head.
A parasite known as kala azar is said to infect half-a-million people worldwide, killing up to 60,000 people each year. Spread through the bite of a sandfly, its symptoms are fever, weight loss and swelling of the spleen and liver.
A parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
A park in Florida entertains tourists and enlightens behavioral experts.
A park nearby would be ideal.
A parking lot attendant waved Tom into a space.
A parliamentarian is a type of expert.
A parliamentary crisis is the last thing the country needs.
A parliamentary term lasts, as a rule, for four years.
A parrot can imitate human speech.
A parrot can imitate the human voice.
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.
A parrot can mimic a person’s voice.
A parrot is a bird that can talk.
A parrot rested on Igor's shoulder.
A parrot was perched on the captain's shoulder.
A part of me died with you, but you live inside me forever.
A part of me died with you, but you will live on in me forever.
A part of me is scared of moving out, even though I know it's almost time.
A part of me wants to forget Tom, another part doesn't want to.
A part of me wants to forget Tom, another part doesn't.
A part of me will always love you.
A part of my Lisa stays with me.
A part of our own military has become involved with the enemy.
A part of our own military has gone over to the enemy side.
A part of our own military has gone over to the enemy's side.
A part of the country was at one time a French settlement.
A part of the fence has been broken into.
A part of the truck load was stolen.
A part of this land is mine.
A part-time job is convenient for housewives.
A part-time job is suitable for housewives.
A participant attempts to roll a straw bale from one place to the next as quickly as possible at the Straw Bale Olympics in Ludwigsburg, Germany.
A participle is partly verb and partly adjective.
A partisan was executed.
A party is a good place to make friends with other people.
A party is a great idea.
A party isn't a party without food.
A party of scientists were on board with them.
A party was held in honor of the visiting writer.
A party will be held next Saturday, that is to say, on August 25th.
A passed pawn is one that no longer has in front of it (either in its own column or in both adjacent columns) an opponent pawn that can (by blocking or capturing it) prevent its advance to the last row of the board.
A passenger airplane took off for the USA.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him around.
A passenger fainted, but the stewardess brought him round.
A passenger on the sightseeing boat catches sight of something floating in the distance. It looks huge and bright orange. A sea monster, someone jokes. No, a ship. When the ship is close enough, the sightseers read the company name: Wallenius Wilhelmsen. Captain Richards confirms it.
A passenger train collided with a freight train near Düsseldorf.
A passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me.
A passing car splashed Tom with water.
A passing car splashed my coat with water.
A passing car splashed water on us.
A passing car stopped and the guy rolled his window down.
A passing motorist stopped to render aid.
A passport identifies you as a citizen of a country and allows you to travel to foreign countries.
A passport is a valid form of identification.
A passport is something without which one cannot go to another country.
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
A password is needed.
A password is required.
A pastille lay on his desk.
A pastor lives via prayers, a lawyer via laws.
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer specializing in intellectual property.
A patent right is an important property right.
A patent right is an important property.
A path from stone A to stone B exists if there is a direct connection between the stones. A path can skip over a single space as if it was filled by a stone of the same color.
A path often travelled yields no grass.
A path ran, half obliterated, down to the river.
A path to happiness doesn't exist. Happiness is the path.
A path wound its way across the field.
A patient may also be asked to read a page out of a book.
A patient of yours died.
A patient who contracted the virus earlier this month warns the world to be careful because the virus can be passed by those who show no symptoms.
A paycheque is like menstruation. It comes once a month but only lasts a week.
A peace accord in 2006 led to the promulgation of an interim constitution in 2007.
A peace came over mountain and forest.
A peace treaty has been reached.
A peaceful day is coming to an end.
A peaceful day of fishing awaits. Care to join?
A peaceful mind is more valuable than a full wallet.
A peaceful reunification of Taiwan with China has become virtually impossible.
A peacemaker was summoned.
A peach fell on Newton's head.
A peacock feather graced her hat.
A peacock visited our backyard.
A peal of defiant laughter rang out from Tom intending to provoke John, who stood before him.
A pear isn't enough to fill me up.
A peasant like me surely would be lost in a city so big.
A pedagogue teaches children.
A pedestrian needs to cross the street at a crosswalk.
A pedestrian passed by in disgust.
A pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak.
A pelican's beak is made that way for a reason.
A penalty in the second half proved decisive.
A pencil and pen are lying on the windowsill.
A pencil is sticking out of your pocket.
A penguin colony lives there.
A penguin is a bird that cannot fly.
A penny for your thoughts!
A penny for your thoughts.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A penny saved is a penny gained.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
A penny spent is often more useful than one saved.
A pensione is a small hotel that's usually family-run.
A pentagon is a shape with five sides.
A pentagram is a five-pointed star.
A penumbral lunar eclipse can be hard to see.
A people free to choose will always choose peace.
A people pleaser is a liar.
A people pleaser is terrified of the displeasure of others.
A people pleaser would never say that someone is wrong.
A people pleaser would never speak frankly.
A people without knowledge is a people without strength.
A peplum top paired with cigarette trousers is a chic, modern look a girl can wear just about anywhere.
A perennial plant is a plant that lives more than two years.
A perfect day is one spent in the garden.
A perfect knowledge of a few writers and a few subjects is more valuable than a superficial one of a great many.
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents.
A perfect person should emulate the virtue of the tree. The more the tree grows, the more beautiful and delicate it becomes, but the harder and stronger it becomes within.
A perfect randomizer can show the results that don't seem random at first sight.
A perfect simulation of the universe down to the last atom would require more bits than there are atoms in the universe.
A perfectly clear and windless day is a real rarity.
A perfectly healthy sentence, it is true, is extremely rare. For the most part we miss the hue and fragrance of the thought; as if we could be satisfied with the dews of the morning or evening without their colors, or the heavens without their azure.
A period of reform had now begun, and after 1909 a wave of "progressivism" overspread the country.
A periscope is an optical instrument that uses a system of prisms, lenses or mirrors to reflect images through a tube. Light from a distant object strikes the top mirror and is then reflected at an angle of 90 degrees down the periscope tube. At the bottom of the periscope, the light strikes another mirror and is then reflected into the viewer’s eye. This simple periscope uses only flat mirrors as compared to the periscopes used on submarines, which are usually a complex optical system using both lenses and mirrors.
A permanent costs extra.
A permanent is extra.
A permanent job is a mirage for today's youth.
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.
A permanent replacement for Tom hasn't been found yet.
A permanent system needs to be in place for ensuring fair distribution and support for those in need.
A permit is required.
A permit may be required for collecting insects.
A pernicious excitement to learn and play chess has spread all over the country, and numerous clubs for practicing this game have been formed in cities and villages...chess is a mere amusement of a very inferior character, which robs the mind of valuable time that might be devoted to nobler acquirements, while it affords no benefit whatever to the body. Chess has acquired a high reputation as being a means to discipline the mind, but persons engaged in sedentary occupations should never practice this cheerless game; they require out-door exercises--not this sort of mental gladiatorship.
A persistent longing torments me.
A person at the store wrapped the gift for me.
A person came whose language I didn't understand.
A person can be intelligent, yet very ignorant.
A person can be unintelligent, yet knowledgeable.
A person can be very intelligent, yet have many erroneous beliefs.
A person can only die once.
A person can't be taught anything - he/she can learn only him/herself.
A person can't be that stupid. It has to be intentional.
A person cannot understand another person completely.
A person forgot their cap in our office.
A person from Hamburg doesn't always understand a person from Bavaria.
A person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him.
A person has morals like water is clear.
A person has one head and two legs.
A person has taken my umbrella.
A person has three sides: one quiet side, one fun side, and the side you never want to see.
A person hears only what they understand.
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married.
A person is a mirror that reflects the universe.
A person is a person through other people.
A person is a small planet.
A person is considered innocent unless he or she is proven guilty.
A person is considered innocent unless proven guilty.
A person is considered innocent until proven guilty.
A person is either male or female.
A person is happy when what they do is consistent with what they think and say.
A person is known by the company he keeps.
A person is watching planets on the 26th day of the 12th month.
A person is worth more than money.
A person isn't dead as long as somebody remembers them.
A person like Tom has probably never kissed anyone other than his mother.
A person like Tom probably knows how to speak French.
A person like Tom probably knows how to swim.
A person like Zhou Libo is only born once every hundred years.
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president.
A person like you cannot insult me.
A person lives long who lives well.
A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
A person must be honest.
A person named Itoh wants to meet you.
A person named Jones came while you were out.
A person named Jones has come to see you.
A person named Miller wants to see you.
A person named Ono has dropped by to see you.
A person named Sato came to visit while you were out.
A person named Tom Jackson wants to meet you.
A person named West called while you were out.
A person named Williams came to see you yesterday.
A person needs to be honest.
A person of good sense will certainly not believe blindly.
A person of noble character neither trembles in the face of calamities nor elates when blessings are chanced upon.
A person pushing a stroller passed right in front of me.
A person sees you and acts like a weird person to another person.
A person started screaming.
A person that knows math is cool and if that person is a woman, it's even cooler.
A person usually has two reasons for doing something: a good reason and the real reason.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
A person who arrives drunk to a construction site in the morning risks being fired.
A person who behaves kindly lives a pleasant life.
A person who chases two rabbits won't catch either.
A person who does not read at all is better informed than someone who reads only the newspaper.
A person who doesn't dare to ask won't achieve anything in life.
A person who doesn't understand what you say to them will consider you stupid, not themselves.
A person who draws poorly is not an artist.
A person who drinks sugary drinks on a daily basis will consume up to 23 kilograms of sugar in a twelve month period.
A person who enjoys life succeeds.
A person who fights for the truth makes me forget about the centuries of platitudes.
A person who follows Islam is known as a Muslim.
A person who gets married to the Zeitgeist will become a widow quite fast.
A person who gossips about other people's lives with you also gossips about your life with others.
A person who has an adventure doesn't need to leave traces.
A person who hates creates his own hell, but a person who loves has heaven within.
A person who is absorbed in eating and drinking, who thinks that eating and drinking is the ideal horizon of life, and acts accordingly, who lives to eat, drink and live, that is, who lives in heedlessness, cannot restrain himself from lustful feelings.
A person who is addicted to work is called a workaholic.
A person who is born in France is French.
A person who is born in Spain is a Spaniard.
A person who is only a pawn in the game often talks big in company.
A person who is sapiosexual feels attracted by the intelligence of another person more than by outward appearance.
A person who laughs is happy.
A person who likes flowers can't be evil.
A person who likes life is more likely to succeed.
A person who likes no one is much sadder than someone whom no one likes.
A person who likes no one is much sadder than someone, whom no one likes.
A person who lives only on hope will starve to death.
A person who makes a beast of themselves gets rid of the pain of being human.
A person who makes an easy matter sound difficult does not seem to be so smart.
A person who marries the spirit of the times will become a widow quite fast.
A person who never reads anything may be fooled with extraordinary ease.
A person who pushes too hard messes everything up.
A person who smiles instead of raging is always the stronger one.
A person who speaks too much often gets into trouble.
A person who steals deserves punishment.
A person who suffers before it is necessary suffers more in life than is necessary.
A person who swims with the current will never reach the source.
A person who thinks they don't depend on others anymore becomes intolerable.
A person who usually lies does so without fear.
A person who wants to eat fish has to go fishing.
A person who wants to speak with you has arrived downstairs.
A person who wants to travel to the stars shouldn't search for companions.
A person who was dear to me died.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
A person who won’t read has no advantage over one who can’t read.
A person who worships their country, wants a strong leader, and hurts the weak is better dead than alive.
A person who's happy will make others happy.
A person who's too polite isn't sincere.
A person will come that without words will make you feel like a nobleman.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
A person with a BMI between twenty-five and twenty-nine is considered overweight.
A person with a BMI of 25 to 29 is considered overweight.
A person with a BMI of 30 or more is considered obese.
A person with a happy heart is never corrupted.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A person with a sharp mind is like a nimble wanderer who can outpace others and reach places uncharted by the masses, yet they might overlook precious treasures along the way or at crossroads.
A person with average intelligence would understand that.
A person with common sense would never do this kind of thing.
A person with second-level intelligence is a person who has an inner state of awareness that the source of life originates from me; a person who understands and perceives that all things and events come from themselves, from the seed of their own mind, not from itself. A person with second-level intelligence is a person who does not seek change from the outside but clearly realizes that change is needed from within; a person who has the mindset that seeking change from others is the beginning of suffering, changing oneself is the beginning of happiness.
A person with weak eyes can't see far.
A person with weak eyes can’t see far.
A person without a friend is like having a left hand without a right hand.
A person without a mother and father is like a lute without strings.
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs, jolted by every pebble in the road.
A person without books is blind.
A person without faith is frightening.
A person won't remain long in business if he does not come down to earth and think business.
A person won’t remain long in business if he does not come down to earth and think business.
A person worse than the torturer exists: it's his assistant.
A person's beauty is their conduct in society.
A person's face tells a great deal about his character.
A person's greatness isn't measured by wealth, intelligence or beauty.
A person's happiness does not come from owning a lot, but from caring about little.
A person's head blacked the light.
A person's heart is approximately the same size as their fist.
A person's intelligence often has little to do with the veracity of their opinions.
A person's only real enemies are their own negative thoughts.
A person's religion is a private and most personal matter.
A person's religion is a purely personal affair.
A person's reputation can be greatly burnished or tarnished depending on how the media chooses to cover them.
A person's silent discussion with themselves is called "inner monologue".
A person's soul is immortal.
A person's tongue can give you the taste of his heart.
A person's true value can't be seen by the eyes.
A person's way of looking at something depends on his situation.
A personalised gift shows the person you love how much you care.
A person’s face tells a great deal about his character.
A person’s heart is approximately the same size as their fist.
A person’s soul is immortal.
A person’s way of looking at something depends on his situation.
A pessimist doesn't expect to be kissed by anyone.
A pessimist is a person who rejoices in his bad experiences because they prove him right.
A pessimist is a well-informed optimist.
A pessimist is merely a well-informed optimist.
A pessimist says, "The glass is half empty." An optimist says, "The glass is half full."
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
A pet monkey would be a lot of work.
A pet theory of mine is that things should be seen from a distance.
A petroleum platform exploded in the bay.
A philosopher is a man who can solve all problems, except for his own.
A philosopher is, among other things, someone who is never short of an argument.
A phone call instead of a text was never a good sign.
A phone call often interrupts your conversation.
A phone call woke me up.
A phonemic writing system as in Spanish or Greek is like musical notation.
A photo caught my eye.
A photo on Tom's desk caught my eye.
A photograph can't explain the reasons.
A photograph cannot explain the reasons.
A photographer took a photograph of my house.
A photon is its own antiparticle.
A physicist is just an atom's way of looking at itself.
A pianist lives below us.
A piano is expensive but a car even more.
A piano is expensive, but a car is even more expensive.
A piano is expensive, but a car is more expensive.
A piano is expensive.
A piano reduction is very useful in classical music.
A pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces.
A pickpocket pinched Mark's passport.
A pickup had stopped in the street.
A picnic is easier on everyone if you use a paper plate.
A picture is hanging on the wall.
A picture is worth 1000 words.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A picture of "Jesus on the Mount of Olives" hung on my wall in my grandmother's bedroom.
A picture of lesbians isn't inherently sexual.
A picture of the fugitive was plastered all over the newspapers.
A picture speaks a thousand words.
A picturesque panorama opened before us.
A pidgin is an imposed language.
A pie does not have butter.
A piece of Spanish territory is enclaved within France.
A piece of advice fixed firmly in my brain for future reference.
A piece of bread in your pocket is better than a feather in your hat.
A piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger.
A piece of cake!
A piece of chocolate a day keeps the doctor away.
A piece of paper fell on the ground.
A piece of paper fell on to the floor.
A piece of paper fell to the ground.
A piece of paper got jammed in the printer and now it doesn't work.
A piece of paper got jammed in the printer and now it doesn’t work.
A piece of paper got stuck in the printer and, when I tried to remove it, it ripped.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached at different times for many different reasons.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
A piece of shrapnel passed through Ziri's left arm.
A piece of siding fell off the house during the storm.
A piece of string is twice as long as half its length.
A pig has a pig tail.
A pig house is called a "pigsty".
A pig will wallow in the mud in order to cool down.
A pig with a golden collar is still just a pig.
A pigeon is a bird.
A pigeon is a symbol of peace.
A pigeon is sitting on the roof.
A pile of animal carcasses was heaped in the corner of the room.
A pile of garbage was floating on the surface of the water.
A pill for every ill.
A pillow and a blanket, please.
A pillow at six o'clock in the morning has got the biggest gravity in the world.
A pilot guides the ship toward the port.
A pimple appeared on Tom's nose.
A pimple has appeared on my nose.
A pimple popped on my forehead.
A pimple popped up on Ziri's nose.
A pinch hitter was brought into action in the last inning.
A pinched sciatic nerve can be excruciatingly painful.
A pine cone fell on Tom's head.
A pine stands in front of his house.
A pineapple juice, a tea with lemon, a beer, and a glass of red wine.
A pink tie had been found in an underground stream near where the holdup men had camped.
A pint, please.
A pinto horse is readily sold.
A piranha is not a pet, Tom.
A pirate commits piracy.
A pirate is an enemy to all mankind.
A pistol bullet went clean through his leg.
A pistol lay on the floor next to the body.
A pistole was the old quarter-doubloon of Spain.
A pity it ended like this.
A pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice.
A pizza? Yea, that works.
A pizzeria emblematic of the city was closed down last Thursday due to a cockroach infestation.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
A place like Music Row isn't just about saving individual buildings — a combination of late 19th century residential and 20th century small-scale commercial and residential buildings — but also the landscape to which they are connected.
A place like that is not really appealing.
A place of worship is a building where people pray.
A place of worship is a building where people worship.
A place of worship isn't synonymous with a church. It's hypernymous.
A plague o' both your houses!
A plainclothes officer made the arrest.
A plainclothes police officer arrested Tom.
A plan can never anticipate everything.
A plan is only as good as those who see it through.
A plan to build hundreds of homes in the area could be vetoed by the state government after scientists found that koalas wouldn’t be properly protected.
A plan was devised to coax him out of hiding.
A plane carrying more than 9 tons of gold and other precious metals spilled nearly 200 bars onto the runway and on a nearby car market when its cargo hatch failed after it took off at an airport in the city of Yakutsk.
A plane crashed and still hasn't been found.
A plane crashed into a mountain.
A plane emerged from nowhere.
A plane emerged from who knows where.
A plane is flying above the city.
A plane landed on the speedway.
A plane lands every few minutes.
A plane of tourists set off for America.
A plane passed by.
A plane passed over my head.
A plane popped up out of nowhere.
A plane skidded off the runway at Trazbon Airport in Turkey, almost ending up into the sea.
A plane ticket costs more than a train ticket.
A plane ticket is more expensive than a train ticket.
A planet is a celestial body that does not shine by its own light.
A planet is a celestial body that is in orbit around the Sun.
A planet is a heavenly body that does not shine of itself.
A planet is a large space body which reflects the light of a star around which it revolves.
A planet is not a star, because it is not massive enough that nuclear fusion can happen in its core.
A plant is a living thing.
A plant which is larger and hardier than a herb is called a shrub, such as: in banks and ponds, the rush, the bullrush, cask without knots, bearing cat's-tails, and the reed, which is knotty and hollow inside.
A plasterer is a craftsman who applies plaster on walls.
A plastic bag can take up to a thousand years to disintegrate.
A plastic cup is better than one made of real glass.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.
A plate can't absorb water, but a sponge can.
A plate can't absorb water, but paper can.
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
A plate of pulao with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
A platinum blonde is a woman whose hair is so blonde that it seems to have the same grey colour as platinum.
A platoon has about thirty soldiers.
A platypus is a mammal which lays eggs.
A play with many scene changes may be a trial for the crew or a trial for the audience.
A player cannot move their king in such a way that it gets placed under check.
A player has to memorize words.
A player is said to be in zugzwang when, if it is his turn to play, any move he makes will inevitably lead to the loss of the game.
A player may give up if he determines that his position is hopeless and the defeat is imminent or unavoidable.
A player may pass instead of playing a stone on their turn.
A player on the opposing team jumped up and spiked the ball.
A playlist of music ranging from Bollywood hits to West African hip hop played through the speakers.
A playroom awaits the children.
A plea bargain is out of the question.
A pleasant trip to you!
A pleasurable thrill of excitement made Tuppence tingle.
A pleasure!
A plebiscite or referendum is a direct popular vote on an issue.
A plethora of ineffective education programs made the president unpopular amongst fiscal conservatives.
A plug doesn't help a bottomless tub.
A plum grows on a plum tree.
A pluot is a cross between a Japanese plum and an apricot.
A poacher is someone who catches and kills animals illegally.
A pocket with a hole in it will never be full.
A poem is something that never has been, that never will be.
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
A poet is someone who goes to the end of who they are, someone who dares to be who they are, who doesn't join the herd of those who follow.
A poet is the translator of the silent language of nature to the world.
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.
A poet makes poems.
A poet once said that there is no land more beautiful than this.
A poet's verses do not have to reflect his character.
A point is a little point.
A point is that which has no parts.
A pointless life is a premature death.
A poison dart killed Tom.
A poisoned cherry may kill a duke.
A polar bear can pick up a scent almost a kilometer away.
A polar bear can swim up to 500 kilometers.
A polar bear is a rectangular bear after a coordinate transform.
A polar bear would eat as much as twenty percent of its weight in a sitting.
A polar bear wouldn't hesitate to attack a huge walrus if it were hungry.
A polar bear's nose is keen.
A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other.
A police car approached Damiano.
A police car chases after the criminal with its siren wailing.
A police car drove over to the building.
A police car drove up to Ziri's car.
A police car has stopped on the side of the road.
A police car is stopping along the road.
A police car just tore past the house.
A police car pulled up in front of the house.
A police car pulled up.
A police car showed up.
A police car sped by.
A police car was parked not too far from us.
A police helicopter located Dan's car.
A police investigation is in progress.
A police investigation is underway.
A police officer asked me for my name.
A police officer asked me to move my car.
A police officer asked me what my name was.
A police officer beat him to a pulp.
A police officer frisked Tom.
A police officer is talking to Tom.
A police officer is talking to her.
A police officer killed Tom.
A police officer put handcuffs on Tom.
A police officer radioed his superiors to report that things were calm, and foreign journalists vastly outnumbered the protesters. Behind him, burly plainclothes security agents stood shoulder-to-shoulder, blocking the street.
A police officer told me to stop the car.
A police officer told us to leave the park.
A police officer was standing guard by the door.
A police station is close at hand.
A police visit at home is intimidating.
A policeman approached Ziri and disarmed him instantly.
A policeman arrived.
A policeman asked me for my name.
A policeman asked me if something was wrong.
A policeman asked me what my name was.
A policeman asked the girls if the car was theirs.
A policeman came up to him.
A policeman came up to me.
A policeman caught the pickpocket.
A policeman is driving a car.
A policeman is outside.
A policeman is too poorly armed to go to war.
A policeman pulled Tom over.
A policeman ran past.
A policeman shot Tom.
A policeman should be strong and quick in action.
A policeman stopped the traffic.
A policeman told me the way.
A policeman was beside us, his notebook in his hand.
A policeman was gazing at a suspicious pedestrian.
A policeman was sent for at once.
A policeman was watching it, with his arms crossed.
A policewoman caught the pickpocket.
A policy of reimbursing employees for their travel expenses requires them to keep accurate records.
A polite manner is characteristic of Japanese people.
A polite person wouldn't do that.
A polite way to reveal knowledge of a fact without telling the source of the information is to say, "a little bird told me".
A political crisis would add to Algeria's economic difficulties.
A political opponent is not an enemy; they're a partner in political debate.
A politician always forgets.
A politician has to be able to stick with any lies in this country.
A politician like that gets my goat.
A politician must always be able to account for money he receives.
A politician must always justify the money he has at his disposal.
A politician should serve society.
A politician should serve the people.
A politician thinks of the next election; a statesman, of the next generation.
A politician who makes lots of promises is something different than a promising politician.
A poll in Switzerland concluded that more than half of the population is in favor of suicide or euthanasia.
A poll shows that an overwhelming majority is in favor of the legislation.
A polo neck is also known as a turtle neck.
A polyglot is someone who can read upside-down.
A polymath is someone who knows a whole lot about a whole lot.
A pond is a little lake.
A pony is a small horse.
A ponytail is the simplest hairstyle for long hair.
A pooch dubbed "Underdog" was rescued today after it plunged the equivalent of 50 storeys into an open pit diamond mine in South Africa.
A poodle in the forest can be easy prey for predators.
A poodle in the jungle would be an easy prey for the predators.
A poodle typically has a dense coat of curly fur.
A pool begins with many drops of water.
A poor diet can make you ill.
A poor handling of the gear shift can be fatal for a car.
A poor man can be happy as well.
A poor man misses many things, but a miser misses everything.
A poor person is hungry even when the fast is over.
A poor person's butter is the crust on the bread.
A poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble.
A poor rifle, here it is: short barrel, huge trigger.
A poor school record will count against you when you look for a job.
A poor singer, he doesn't like to sing in public.
A poor singer, he doesn’t like to sing in public.
A poor student who wants to be able to attend college without getting into debt is called a freeloader who wants to sponge off taxpayers. A rich student who can attend college without getting into debt because they happen to have won the birth lottery is called "from a good family".
A poor supervisor is the reason for the increased absences.
A poor workman blames his tools.
A pope has not resigned since 1415.
A popsicle, please.
A popular Android keyboard app, ai.type, downloaded more than 40 million times and included in the Google Play app store, has been caught making millions of unauthorized purchases of premium digital content, researchers at mobile technology company Upstream report. The app has been delivering millions of invisible ads and fake clicks, while delivering genuine user data about real views, clicks and purchases to ad networks.
A popular author is one who writes what the people think. Genius invites them to think something else.
A popular gossip magazine labels the 51-year-old married father of four one of the sexiest politicians alive.
A popular pastime while orbiting Earth is simply looking out the window.
A popular trend among young people is learning TikTok dances, usually 15-second choreographies around a popular song.
A popular trend among young people is learning TikTok dances.
A popular way to describe buying your first home in English is to get a foot on the property ladder.
A popular, capacious theatre in the city tempted many a moviegoer on a hot, sunny afternoon.
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
A pornographic image popped up.
A portion of the island was destroyed by the massive waves.
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities.
A portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall.
A portrait of my grandad is hanging on the wall.
A portrait was hung on the wall.
A positive environment promotes lifelong learning.
A positron is a small particle similar to an electron, but with a positive electric charge.
A positron is an antielectron.
A positron is an “antielectron”: it has the mass of an electron but a positive charge.
A possible explanation would be the formation of pore-like structures.
A possible side effect of the contraceptive pill is a loss of sex drive.
A postal order is a way to send money through the mail.
A poster was stapled onto a signpost.
A postman brought newspapers every morning.
A pot belly is an occupational hazard for office workers.
A potential third party would not be able to crack the code.
A potentially life-saving treatment for victims of heart attacks has been found in a most unlikely source — the venom of one of the world’s deadliest spiders.
A pound is a unit of weight.
A pound is equal to sixteen ounces.
A pound of courage is worth a ton of luck.
A pound of these apples, please.
A pound was five dollars.
A power failure contributed to the confusion in the hall.
A powerful Scandinavian cyclone is approaching.
A powerful call is going through the world.
A powerful cyclone paralyzed Europe.
A powerful downdraft sent the plane plunging.
A powerful earthquake struck the northeastern coast of Japan at two forty-six p.m. local time on March eleventh.
A powerful flame arises from a tiny spark.
A powerful flame is caused by a tiny spark.
A powerful flame originates in a tiny spark.
A powerful flame results from a tiny spark.
A powerful radio source named Sagittarius A* has been discovered at the centre of the Galaxy. According to current research, it is a supermassive black hole with a solar mass of about four million.
A powerful spirit resides in the forest.
A powerful storm is approaching.
A powerful storm is headed our way.
A powerful tremor knocked Tom off his feet.
A pox on you!
A praise is worth a kiss.
A prayer is one way to appeal to a deity.
A prayer was said over his body.
A prayer without faith is useless.
A pre-dawn raid has netted a large stash of illegal steroids and several bags of cash.
A precious love such as the one I'm living is as rare as they come.
A precise date hasn't been set yet.
A precise date hasn't yet been set.
A precursor to the NIAC program, which began in 1998, was suspended in 2007 after a cost-conscious U.S. Congress ordered a review of its effectiveness. A year later, a national panel of experts recommended that NASA continue investigating advanced concepts. Congress eventually gave the go-ahead to restore the program this year.
A predetermining factor in the decision was the applicant’s income level.
A prefix is a letter or a group of letters that we add to the beginning of a word.
A pregnant woman shouldn't smoke.
A preliminary hearing is scheduled for October 20th.
A preoperative sample is necessary.
A preoperative sample is required.
A preschooler learns many skills to prepare them for kindergarten.
A present is usually given in return for one's hospitality.
A present is usually given in return for one’s hospitality.
A present is winging its way over to you as I write.
A present? For me? Thank you!
A president is like a cemetery manager. He has a lot of people under him, but no one listens.
A president's hardest task is not to do what is right, but to know what is right.
A president's work is very interesting.
A presidential pardon in the United States does not imply innocence, and may imply guilt according to Burdick v. United States (1915).
A pressure group can influence decision making processes in governments.
A pressure vessel is a container designed to hold gases or liquids at a pressure that’s either much higher or lower than the surrounding atmosphere. Think of it like a strong tank built to safely manage these pressure differences without bursting or leaking. They are commonly used in industries like oil and gas, chemical processing, and power generation. For example, they might store compressed air, gases like hydrogen, or even liquids used in industrial processes. Pressure vessels can be shaped like cylinders, spheres, or cones, and they’re made from strong materials like steel to handle the stress caused by high pressure. What makes pressure vessels special is the way they’re built to ensure safety and durability. Since working with high pressure can be dangerous, there are strict rules and tests to make sure these vessels are reliable. Engineers carefully design them, often following standards like the ASME code, and test them to make sure they can handle real-world conditions. They’re not just for storage; they also play a role in things like chemical reactions or heat transfer. In short, pressure vessels are critical tools that help industries operate efficiently and safely.
A pretty girl came up to Tom in the street and started talking to him.
A pretty girl like you will definitely be noticed.
A pretty girl lived in that village.
A pretty girl with black hair was in the park.
A pretty robin landed on my room's windowsill.
A pretty waitress waited on us.
A pretzel is a kind of bread shaped like a loose knot.
A preventive war, to my mind, is an impossibility today.
A price rise is what followed after it.
A priest is a man like any other.
A priest skillfully drew a picture of a priest on a folding screen.
A priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man.
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender asks them, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A prime interest rate is typically a better interest rate given to good customers by banks.
A prime number is a whole number greater than 1 whose only factors are 1 and itself.
A prime number is a whole number greater than one which is divisible only by itself and the number one.
A prince arrived, riding a white horse.
A prince came on a white horse.
A princess came to him in person.
A princess doesn't wash herself.
A printer is necessary because you need to be able to scan the written report, convert it to PDF, and send it.
A prism decomposes light.
A prison is in the human mind.
A prison riot broke.
A prisoner escaped from the prison.
A prisoner has escaped.
A prisoner is more obsessed with the idea of escaping than his warden by the idea of watching over him. Thus, a prisoner will always manage to escape.
A private number was calling Felix's phone.
A private security company released attack dogs against hundreds of Native Americans trying to prevent an oil pipeline company from using bulldozers to desecrate the graves of their ancestors.
A private trader in India has exported commercial goods to landlocked Uzbekistan for the first time through Pakistan and Taliban-governed Afghanistan in landmark trade activity linking the four countries.
A privately-built illegal temple-like structure is seen on the top of a 20-story residential block in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen.
A privatized rail company could close the most uneconomic routes.
A prize was awarded to Tom.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
A proa or prau is a type of multihull sailing vessel.
A probe hanging on a balloon floats amongst the cooler clouds of Venus, as it avoids the surface temperatures of over 400 degrees Celsius.
A problem arose after school.
A problem immediately arose.
A problem of very densely populated cities is the air pollution caused by excessive traffic.
A problem of whose importance we are fully aware.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A procedure one might expect to see only on an episode of popular television show Grey’s Anatomy actually occurred at a London hospital recently as a patient played the violin while undergoing surgery to remove a brain tumor.
A product has been launched that uses the power from the USB to keep hot drinks warm.
A product like this won't sell.
A product that costs 10 reals in Brazil costs about 25 pesos in Argentina.
A product that once took 15 minutes to turn by hand now pops out of a computer controlled lathe every few seconds.
A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world.
A professional brassiere fitting is essential to get the right fit.
A professional is painting the house.
A professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time.
A professor is teaching Czech.
A profusion of dandelions had coloured the meadow yellow.
A programming language is actually like a foreign language.
A prolonged silence followed.
A promise between friends naturally will be carried out to the end.
A promise doesn't mean a marriage.
A promise given under a threat is worthless.
A promise is a debt.
A promise is a promise.
A promise is not enough.
A promise is quickly forgotten.
A promise isn't enough.
A promise made in Spanish is more than a simple promise.
A promise made is a debt unpaid.
A promise of secrecy was made at the time, from which I have only been freed during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given.
A prong collar fits right behind the ears of a dog.
A pronoun is a word used in place of a noun, to indicate or enumerate persons or things without naming them.
A proper analysis of the economic situation cannot be performed without taking into consideration the government's recent reforms.
A proper gentleman brings his lady red roses.
A proper test does not allow the use of correction fluid.
A prophet is not recognized in his own land.
A prophet is not without honor, save in his own country.
A prophet is not without honour, save in his own country.
A proposal has always an introduction.
A proposed bill before parliament seeks to bridge the gap between landowners and developers by providing fairer compensation for land acquired for industrial projects.
A proposed junction slip road would be located about 180 yards away.
A proposed referendum never took place due to lack of agreement on voter eligibility.
A prosperous country always needs a stable, capable government.
A prosperous, democratic country, Austria entered the EU Economic and Monetary Union in 1999.
A protagonist as plain and ordinary as him is rare indeed.
A protection system has been built into this circuit.
A proto-language is the common ancestor of a group of languages or dialects.
A protocol is used when computers intercommunicate, just as human beings do.
A protracted independence struggle with France ended successfully in 1956.
A proverb has meaning in society.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
A proverb says that one has no friends and no enemies, only teachers.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
A pseudonym is a name used by a person to hide their identity.
A psychiatrist talked to Ziri.
A pub is a place where people come together to drink beer.
A pub is a place where people congregate to drink beer.
A pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer.
A public garden lies in the middle of the city.
A public good is a good that is both non-excludable and non-rivalrous in that individuals cannot be effectively excluded from use and where use by one individual does not reduce availability to others.
A public opinion study was made in 1937.
A puff of wind came and blew Curdken's hat far away.
A pun was not intended here.
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
A pungent, salty odor wafted from the kitchen.
A punishment is necessary.
A punt play is less common in American football than a pass or running play.
A pupil wants to see you.
A puppet does not know that it is being controlled.
A puppet doesn't know that it is being manipulated.
A puppy followed me wagging its tail.
A puppy is very cheerful.
A puppy is very mischievous.
A pure existence is better.
A pure sea-breeze pervades the whole surrounding country, the evenness of temperature producing a very genial and happy influence in pulmonic diseases, more than all the drugs compounded by any pharmaceutist in the world.
A purple boat was arriving, drifting in the gulf.
A purple carpet will not go with this red curtain.
A purse of three thousand drachmas, however, was cast ashore, and now lies covered with seaweed near a dead dolphin, the stench of which is so offensive, that all who pass that way hasten by it as fast as they can.
A pus-filled bump came out on me.
A putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground.
A puzzle sounds like a fun way to pass the time.
A puzzled look comes over Tom's face.
A pyeong is about 3.3 square metres.
A pygmy is something that is a very small example of its type.
A qilin with a king too has no limit on its lifespan, but this illness alone admits of no remedy.
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
A quadratic equation has two solutions.
A quadratic function cannot be used here.
A quadriga is a chariot drawn by four horses.
A quadrilateral is a geometric figure with four sides and four angles.
A quadrilateral is a geometric shape with four sides and four angles.
A quadrilateral with all positive abscissas but all negative ordinates would fall into quadrant IV of the Cartesian coordinate plane.
A quail egg weighs on average 10 grams.
A quarrel arose about what to do with the land.
A quarrel between husband and wife is like a spring day's drizzle.
A quarrel brought about the break.
A quarrel estranged one boy from the other.
A quarter century after the end of the Cold War, the world is by many measures less violent and more prosperous than ever before, and yet our societies are filled with uncertainty, and unease, and strife.
A quarter of Earth’s population lacks access to reliable electricity, according to the U.N. Development Programme. More than half of those people have no electricity at all.
A quarter of a million Algerians live in this area.
A quarter of an hour is fifteen minutes.
A quarter past three is 3.15.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
A quartet has one more member than a trio.
A queen ant can live for thirty years and deliver millions of eggs.
A queen should have a king.
A queer notion of Grant Allen's came into my head, and amused me. If each generation die and leave ghosts, he argued, the world at last will get overcrowded with them.
A queer person is not a conversation piece.
A question arose as to who should be the leader.
A question asked quickly gets a slow response.
A question has been proposed to me.
A question is an answer.
A question mark is a punctuation mark.
A question mark is missing from the end of the sentence.
A question that children commonly ask is: "Where do the holes in the cheese come from?"
A question to which yes or no will not quiet suffice.
A queue formed in front of the shop.
A queue formed outside the shop.
A queue was forming in front of the shop.
A quick flick through the data shows that there was reckless spending.
A quick glance at Tom was enough to see that he was a wealthy.
A quick skim and I can tell you everything that is written on this paper.
A quick sniff of the tofu proved it to be well past expiry.
A quick spray of air freshener did little to help.
A quick temper is the only defect in her character.
A quick walk to work was his dream.
A quick wash can make a big difference.
A quiet act is worth more than an impressive speech.
A quiet library is a good place to study.
A quiet place to sit and rest would be nice.
A quiet place to sit and rest would be plenty.
A quiet room sounds perfect right now.
A quiet wedding we had: he and I, the parson and clerk, were alone present.
A quilt is a multi-layered blanket, often used as a home decoration or as a baby blanket.
A quilted work by artist Linda Gass hangs in the entrance of the exhibit. Rebecca Stevens organized the exhibit. She says the work brings together the many subjects in the exhibit. To create the work “Treatment?,” Ms. Gass used cloth and paints to create an image of a water treatment center on the San Francisco Bay. The brightly colored cloth image looks like a photograph of land and river taken from an airplane.
A quirk of the software was that it had to be restarted after every new entry.
A rabbi is a Jewish religious leader.
A rabbit and a tortoise raced against each other.
A rabbit got caught in the snare I had set.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
A rabbit has long ears.
A rabbit is a small animal with long ears.
A rabbit is running in the garden.
A rabbit leapt out of the bushes.
A rabid crowd invaded the seat of government.
A rabid dog bit Tom.
A rabid dog bit me in the leg.
A raccoon dashed out of the shrubs.
A raccoon is looking at me from the porch.
A raccoon was in the shed.
A racist is primarily an ignorant person.
A racist society tends to demonize other societies.
A rack of lamb makes a great meal.
A racketeering conviction carries a sentence of five to twenty years in prison, much more than election fraud crimes.
A racoon was stealing the fish.
A radical disarmament treaty prohibits all armaments and armed forces.
A radical is a person who stands firmly with both feet in the air.
A raft of museums are now promoting online visits.
A ragged coat may cover an honest man.
A raging bush fire in one of Zimbabwe's national parks has destroyed vast tracts of land and sent wild animals fleeing into unprotected areas.
A ragtag group of anarchists is squatting in abandoned buildings in Boston.
A ragtag group of protesters marched on the capital.
A rail is a piece of metal or wood which is long and thin. For example, a train runs on rails, which is why we call it a railway train.
A railroad has connected the two cities.
A railroad was constructed in this town.
A railway bridge is already being built over the river.
A railway museum exhibits a collection of steam locomotives, associated equipment and rolling stock.
A rainbow appeared over the river.
A rainbow consists of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
A rainbow has seven colors.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
A rainbow is a seven-colour arch in the sky.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
A raindrop fell.
A raindrop splashed on her cheek.
A raisin is a dried grape.
A random door opened.
A random man came to Lorenzo's porch and pounded on his door.
A random number generator generating the number 666 would be just as much of a coincidence as if it generated the number 217.
A random priest is much more likely to be a child predator than a random drag queen.
A random variable is definitely a constant if the variance is zero.
A range of simple solutions include using energy-efficient homes, household appliances and lighting, and driving electric cars. Encouraging homeowners and office workers to switch off their televisions and computers at the end of the day is also seen as an effective way to save electricity.
A rapper without bling is like a pope without a crucifix.
A rash appeared on his face.
A rash broke out on her neck.
A rat chewed a hole in the wall.
A rat is a small animal with long, pointed teeth and a long tail.
A rat ran across the road.
A rather adventitious source informed me of his past doings.
A rational man is deeply rooted in wisdom; even the unreasonable can see that.
A rattlesnake bit Tom.
A rattlesnake's bite is filled with poison.
A rattlesnake’s bite is filled with poison.
A rattling sound came from the attic.
A rattling sound echoed through the air.
A raven eats a grub.
A raven is a big crow.
A raven is as black as coal.
A raven is eating a grub.
A ray of sunlight penetrated my room through a crack.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. A man who never reads lives only one.
A reading is going to take place in the bookshop this afternoon.
A reading is taking place in the bookshop this afternoon.
A reading rainbow...
A reading will take place in the bookshop this afternoon.
A reagent is a substance used to cause a chemical reaction.
A real Canadian would never do such a thing.
A real Messiah would have gone after the source of the moneychangers, the Roman occupation, because he would have had the power to.
A real dictator would suppress any notion of dissent.
A real friend is like a rare bird.
A real friend will tell you the truth.
A real friend will tell you when you're running rough.
A real friend would tell us the truth.
A real hell-like world is planet Venus. It is like an oven on the surface under a very smoggy atmosphere.
A real man doesn't need to cuss.
A real man doesn't need to swear.
A real man makes his own luck.
A real man only goes to the doctor when a spear fragment in his back begins to disturb his sleep.
A real man pats a hedgehog without crying.
A realistic man is one who stays at a distance from his ideas.
A really bad thing happened to Tom.
A really bad thing happened to him.
A really impressive book – Signature in the Cell, by Stephen C. Meyer. It shows how a transcendental intelligence operates in the cell.
A really interesting research paper is "KIC 8462852: Remnants of a Failed Early Type II Civilization?"
A really lovely story!
A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That's the kind of person I want you to become.
A really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues. That’s the kind of person I want you to become.
A reasonable compromise must be found.
A reasonable person wouldn't have done that.
A reasoning error in his planning was a disaster for him.
A reasoning error in his planning was fatal for him.
A rebellion was brewing.
A reboot is required to complete the installation.
A rebuttal will be printed in the next issue.
A rebuttal will be published in the next issue.
A recent Basic Law in Israel states that only Jews have the right to self-determination in the land. Israel is laying the grounds for its own dismantling.
A recent Wall Street Journal article asserted that the demand for canned tuna has declined because millennials "don't even own can openers" in a world that favors "convenience."
A recent aerial survey of Zambia’s elephant population shows that anti-poaching efforts are having a positive impact on the country’s national parks.
A recent analysis by Boeing forecasts that unless safety is improved, jet airliners could be falling out of the sky at the rate of once a week by the year 2010.
A recent book, called "Old Age is Not for Sissies," summarizes advice that that he gives in speeches to seniors.
A recent contest in Angola, Indiana, consisted of a series of events to display skill of arms and horsemanship, such as spearing rings onto a lance or splitting a cabbage in half with a sword while riding at full speed.
A recent drop in house prices will help first home buyers to achieve their dream of owning their own home.
A recent poll shows Europeans fear climate change more than terrorism or losing their jobs.
A recent report by the international crisis group says three complimentary sets of issues must be addressed to finalize a detailed power sharing agreement.
A recent study found millennials are significantly financially worse off than previous generations were at the same age.
A recent study found that college students who brought water with them to exams did better than those who did not. Several other studies have also suggested a possible link between hydration and things like concentration or memory, as well as general brain functioning.
A recent study indicates that a disturbing number of American children with high blood pressure go undiagnosed.
A recent study published in Science Advances found that Americans older than 65 – also known as baby boomers – are more likely to share fake news links on Facebook than younger Americans born after 1996 (Generation Z).
A recent study shows that we process images 60,000 times faster than text.
A recent study suggests men are more reluctant to wear face masks in public.
A recent survey in the region revealed a record number of 471 bilbies.
A recent survey revealed that the population density in the metropolis was decreasing.
A recent survey reveals that the population density in the metropolis is decreasing.
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
A reception was given for the Japanese foreign minister.
A recession is bound to come next year.
A recognized artist, Zaturoski also works on scale models of churches.
A reconnaissance satellite is a military satellite capable of monitoring many activities on earth, eavesdropping on lines, registering the operating frequency of the radar systems...
A record 3.3 million people filed for U.S. unemployment benefits this week.
A record number of shares changed hands in busy trading as prices soared to a historic high.
A record will be kept of all changes.
A rectangle has four angles and four sides.
A rectangle has four right angles.
A red and spotted white towel, please.
A red and white flag was flying in the wind.
A red ball is mixed in with the white ones.
A red double-deck bus is an iconic symbol of London.
A red dress looks good on her.
A red dress made her stand out.
A red fig and a black one, add prickly pears!
A red hat.
A red light is often used as a danger signal.
A red light is shining in the darkness.
A red light means you have to stop.
A red light was glowing in the dark.
A red rose is a symbol of love.
A red rose means love.
A red tomcat lives in my street.
A red traffic light means stop.
A red wine, please.
A reddish-orange substance is settling out of the water and building up at the bottom of the canals. Larry Tuttle with the Center for Environmental Equity says these are heavy metals that were dissolved in the water. The water running over the reddish-orange stuff looks clean enough, but Mr. Tuttle says you wouldn't want to drink it.
A reduction in birthrate isn't necessarily a bad thing, especially if it means more people are choosing to only have children they're capable of taking care of.
A referee must be fair to both teams.
A referee should not favor either side.
A referendum is planned.
A referendum on independence from the UK was soundly defeated in 1995.
A refractory material resists heat.
A refreshing breeze blew.
A refrigerator keeps food fresh for a long time.
A refrigerator keeps meat fresh.
A refugee camp is a nightmare.
A refusal to acknowledge your own limitations is an attitude of pride.
A regional corn shortage in the Northeast, increased feed demand, and insufficient corn imports have pushed up corn prices. In response, the government started liquidating the temporary corn reserve in May.
A regional observatory will be directed to monitor the execution of the plan.
A registration process is required.
A relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail.
A relationship between blood group and personality has not been scientifically proven.
A relationship can't succeed without respect.
A relationship implies responsibility.
A relationship that close can sometimes have its challenges.
A relationship with a sociopath will never work on the long term.
A relaxed mind shows in your complexion.
A relaxing holiday seems extremely necessary.
A relay church service has been taking place in The Hague for more than a month.
A religion that can tolerate the others seldom thinks about its circulation.
A religion that uses fear as a motivator is not a good religion.
A reminder from the library has arrived.
A remnant of the old army is supporting and perhaps leading the current chaos.
A remote Iranian desert city, Ice Age-era caves in Germany and a stone wharf in Brazil built for arriving African slave ships are three new additions to UNESCO's list of World Heritage sites.
A renowned gospel singer in Malawi has raised more than $20,000 in donations for the country’s only pediatric cancer ward.
A renowned tactician, Christopher Columbus once downed an entire pirate fleet by stealing all of their fruits and vegetables, thus giving them scurvy.
A rent of 3,000 euros a month is steep, but Anna can afford it.
A replacement bus service was organised because the railway line was blocked.
A replacement is required.
A reply would be helpful.
A report by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, UNCTAD, calls on African countries to broaden their exports beyond commodities if they are to escape poverty.
A report came in that Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon.
A report commissioned by the State Department of the following Andrew Johnson administration concluded that Greenland's natural resources would make it a valuable investment.
A reporter asked Tom some questions as he left the courthouse.
A reporter asked the President, why he was so crazy.
A reporter is interviewing Dr. Patterson about Koko, a talking gorilla.
A representation is not the thing represented.
A reptilian creature jumped out of the lake and attacked Martino.
A republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen, but a president.
A republic is a state with a president at its head instead of a king or queen.
A reputation for honesty is an accessory asset.
A resale store always has good deals.
A rescue helicopter came.
A research group known for exposing toxic chemicals in children's toys recently turned its attention to home improvement products such as flooring and wallpaper.
A research organization investigated the effect.
A research team led by Dr. Se-Jin Lee of the Jackson Laboratory in Connecticut sent 40 young female black mice to the space station in December.
A reservoir was created to collect rainwater.
A residence is being built here.
A resident uses pot lids to play cymbals as she takes part in a music flash mob called "Look out from the window, Rome mine!" The event sought to liven up the city's silence during the coronavirus lockdown.
A resistor fell off the circuit board.
A resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
A responsible student knows his or her responsibilities.
A rest ought to do you some good.
A restaurant in Vietnam has created a way for its customers to “take a bite” out of the coronavirus that has disrupted much of the world — by serving burgers designed to look like the actual virus.
A restaurant is a haven for foodies.
A restaurant with a panoramic view is located inside the tower.
A restless foot may walk into a snake pit.
A resume is just an advertisement.
A retail merchant buys wholesale and sells retail.
A retiree first spotted the gray-and-black bird at a state park last week, and since then bird watchers have been flocking to the area to view it.
A return can also be progress.
A return ticket to Birmingham, please.
A return ticket to Leon, please.
A return ticket, please.
A return to Nottingham, please.
A return to York, please.
A return, please.
A revised edition of the encyclopedia was published.
A revolt broke out.
A revolution broke out in Mexico.
A revolution broke out in that country.
A revolution has occurred in technology.
A revolution is an insurrection, an act of violence by which one class overthrows another.
A revolution is currently taking place in Algeria.
A revolution is not a dinner party, or writing an essay, or painting a picture, or doing embroidery.
A revolution is starting to take place.
A revolution is taking place in Algeria.
A revolution started taking place.
A reward has been offered for information pertaining to the incident.
A reward is being offered.
A reward of 50 000 francs was offered for the return of the Mona Lisa.
A reward of three million dollars has been offered for information leading to an arrest.
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost.
A rhetorical question does not require an answer.
A rhinoceros walked past me without noticing me.
A rhombus and a rectangle are special parallelograms. All three of these are special quadrilaterals.
A rich and stimulating environment is important for a child's cognitive development.
A rich guy from Australia just bought the house next to mine.
A rich life is always preceded by disaster.
A rich man has a lot of money.
A rich man once said "You don't need money to be happy."
A rich trader felt that the hour of his death was approaching.
A rickety clavichord gathered dust in a forgotten corner of the drawing room.
A riddle: What is a village in which some are prostrate on their stomach, others on their back? Answer: Kabyle tiles.
A rifle shot broke the peace of the early morning.
A right angle has ninety degrees.
A right friend you are!
A right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world.
A right may be good in law, and ascertained to be so, which yet a man of honour may not in every case care to avail himself of.
A right to exist doesn't exist.
A right without a duty is a privilege.
A right-wing extremist killed dozens of Muslims in two different mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand.
A ring and some cash are missing.
A ring of smoke floated from his cigar into the air.
A riot is the language of the unheard.
A rip current is a powerful, channeled current.
A ripe apple dropped from the tree.
A ripe apple fell from the tree.
A rise in disinformation in the digital media age was cited this month by two Supreme Court justices, who questioned whether a landmark libel case should be reconsidered.
A rise in temperatures is expected.
A rising share of women earn more than their husbands.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
A rising tide raises all boats.
A river and a canal are both types of waterway.
A river divides the town.
A river flowed through Eden to water the garden, and there it split into four branches.
A river flowed through Eden to water the garden, and there it split into four.
A river flows in the valley.
A river flows through the valley.
A river flows.
A river is a stream of water.
A river is made drop by drop.
A river of tears and fire.
A river runs down through the valley.
A river runs through the high mountains.
A river runs through the long valley.
A river runs through the valley.
A river separates the city into east and west.
A road atlas, please.
A road is a strip of land along which one may pass from where it is too tiresome to be to where it is futile to go.
A roaring lion kills no game.
A roasted pigeon won't fly into your mouth.
A robbery is one thing, but a murder is a whole different animal.
A robbery is something, but a double homicide is a whole different animal.
A robbery was committed last night, and I bet I know who did it. Round up the usual suspects.
A robin flew into the bush.
A robin sits on a tree branch.
A robot being developed at Carnegie Mellon University has evolved into a multi-legged modular mechanical snake, able to move over rugged surfaces and explore the surroundings. Scientists say such machines could someday help in search and rescue operations.
A robot can do more work than a man can.
A robot can work more than a human being.
A robot has apparently passed the Turing test. From their answers to questions, one cannot distinguish between that robot and a human being.
A robot that speaks Lojban and dances to Kraftwerk would be cool.
A robotic hand designed to help people handle dirty and dangerous jobs is just one example of automation that’s benefiting humankind.
A robust discussion ensued.
A rock broke loose and hit one of the climbers.
A rock broke the windshield.
A rock chipped Yanni's windshield.
A rock damaged Yanni's windshield.
A rock fell from above.
A rock hit Yanni's windshield.
A rock kicked up by a lawnmower could take an eye out.
A rock stuck out from the bank into the river.
A rock this size might shatter the windshield.
A rocked kicked up and caused a chip in Yanni's windshield.
A rocket needs about ten minutes to get into orbit.
A roe is a kind of deer. The male is called a roebuck, the female a doe, and their young are called fawns.
A rogue asteroid from the Kuiper Belt is on a collision course with the Earth.
A roll of colour film, please.
A rollercoaster derailed in Florida.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A romantic couple isn't a waste.
A ronin may not have the status of a daimyo, but he has the freedom that the latter may never have.
A roofer had to come to repair the storm damage to the roof.
A rook always covers 14 squares.
A rook is a chess piece.
A room for two with bath, please.
A room has been prepared for you.
A room with a skylight would be fine.
A room with bath, please.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
A rooster crows, a frog croaks, a dog barks, a puppy yips, a pig oinks, a goat bleats, a cow moos, a cat meows, and a chicken clucks.
A rooster doesn't tweet; it crows.
A rooster's crest is red.
A root sits in the earth, and the passerby doesn't see it.
A rootless, international clique is turning people against each other. They are at home everywhere and nowhere.
A rope was thrown into the water.
A rope was tied around the cow's neck.
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
A rose fell from the sky.
A rose has thorns on its stem.
A rose in a painting is often a symbol of love.
A rose in paintings is often a symbol of love.
A rose is a beautiful flower with thorns.
A rose is a beautiful flower.
A rose is a flower and a dove is a bird.
A rose is a flower, and a pigeon is a bird.
A rose is a flower.
A rose is a pretty flower.
A rose is fresher as a bud than as a flower in bloom.
A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
A rose smells sweet.
A rose's petals are very delicate.
A rotting lilly smells worse than a weed.
A rotund individual named Tom was here looking for you.
A round lasts about five minutes.
A round light is hanging from the middle of the ceiling.
A round trip to your place takes an hour.
A row of old houses is being destroyed to make way for new flats.
A rowboat tows a mooring line, which in turn is tied to a hawser.
A royal tent of purple and gold softly cushioned was raised amidships, where the bridal pair were to repose during the calm cool night.
A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
A ruffian's pistol went off.
A ruffian’s pistol went off.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
A rugby ball is oval.
A rule that works for a large global language like English might not work for a small minority language.
A ruler can measure something up to twelve inches in length.
A ruler helps one to draw a straight line.
A ruler is a flat, rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement.
A rules-based international order is a speculative concept.
A rules-based international order would be a good idea.
A rumor circulated through the city.
A rumor does not always prove a fact.
A rumor is abroad about his death.
A rumor was going around that I had gone bankrupt. Have you heard this?
A rumour circulated around the city.
A runner must pass the baton in a relay race.
A runner passed me while I was biking. I was speechless.
A runner wanted to run a run.
A runway is numbered based on its magnetic heading, rounded to the nearest 10 degrees and divided by 10. For example, runway 18 has a magnetic heading of approximately 180 degrees.
A rush-hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours.
A rust-colored almanac from 1875, a cloth envelope and a silver coin were found Wednesday in a time capsule that sat beneath a towering statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee in Virginia for more than 130 years.
A rustling sound came from upstairs where nobody should have been.
A rustling sound came from upstairs where nobody should've been.
A rusty key was set in the lock.
A sachet of myrrh is for me my beloved resting between my breasts; my beloved is for me a bunch of flowering cypress among the Engadi vines.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
A sacrifice is unavoidable.
A sad accident took place yesterday.
A sad tomorrow is ahead of us.
A sadist is always at the same time a masochist.
A sadist likes inflicting pain; a masochist, receiving it.
A safety call or safety text is a call or text you plan to make to a trusted friend at a certain time, whose absence would mean you might not be safe.
A safeword is a pre-agreed word to signal when a participant wants to stop or slow down. The words "Stop", "No", and "Red" are the popular ones.
A sagacious activist would have pointed out the assumptions underlying those loaded questions.
A sailor christened his ship the "Why Not".
A sailor frequently has no time to get his sea legs after leaving port before a battle starts.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
A sailor on the sea needs a lighthouse.
A sailor saw his fellow sailor sink from exhaustion.
A sailor saw his friend drown from exhaustion.
A saint's maid quotes Latin.
A saint’s maid quotes Latin.
A salamander, a toad, and a newt are not mammals, but amphibians.
A sale of quality-brand goods is being held at that department store.
A sale of quality-brand goods is being held at that department.
A salesperson doesn't earn much.
A samurai in the Edo era carried two swords.
A samurai without a sword is like a samurai with one, but only without one.
A samurai's blood runs in Taro's veins.
A samurai, even when he has not eaten, uses a toothpick like a lord.
A sand castle is a very fragile structure.
A sandstorm disrupted the movement of the rover on the red Martian desert.
A sandstorm is coming in.
A sandwich for lunch again?
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A sandwich without ham is not a sandwich.
A sane man wouldn't do that.
A sane mind is in a sound body.
A sanitation crew was called in to deal with the mess.
A sapper can only be wrong once.
A sapper makes only one mistake.
A satellite has to operate in space within massive temperature differences.
A satellite snaps pictures of the sun in ways Earth-based cameras can’t.
A satellite was launched in Russia last year.
A satellite was launched into orbit to monitor melting glaciers.
A satellite was launched into orbit to monitor the melting of glaciers.
A satisfied runner wanted to run a wheelbarrow run.
A satisfying thwack echoed through the living room as Anna successfully hit the June bug with the magazine, sending it spiraling to the ground.
A savage tribe lived there in those days.
A savory bite doesn't wait long.
A scalded cat fears cold water.
A scale measures weight.
A scalie is like a furry whose "fursona" is a reptile or amphibian.
A scaly is like a furry whose "fursona" is a reptile or amphibian.
A scandal has arisen in the village.
A scandal is brewing.
A scandal was unavoidable after that.
A scanner allowed one to determine if one's leg was really broken.
A scanner allowed one to determine if one’s leg was really broken.
A scared kitten was up a tree.
A scarf is a piece of clothing made with a strip of fabric or wool, which is worn around the neck to protect it.
A scary horror movie is only a movie. Once you turn off the screen it's all over, but life...you're stuck in it.
A scary horror movie is only a movie. Once you turn off the screen it’s all over, but life...you’re stuck in it.
A sceptic is a person who suspects nothing.
A schedule is an identity card for time, but, if you don't have a schedule, the time isn't there.
A schedule is an identity card for time, but, if you don’t have a schedule, the time isn’t there.
A schematic diagram shows how a 3D printer for food would work.
A schmuck is someone who is easily taken advantage of.
A scholar is rarely a rich man.
A scholar made an excellent speech about human rights.
A school bus ferries students between the station and the campus.
A school has male and female students.
A school is a very easy place to make people more aware of recycling because the pupils take that message home.
A schoolteacher from the American state of Alabama will spend the next year as an international ambassador for education.
A schwa represents a neutral vowel.
A science exhibition was held in our town.
A scientific field is best defined by the central question it studies.
A scientific report released Tuesday by the World Health Organization concludes radio frequencies and electromagnetic fields — including those routinely emitted by mobile phones — are "possibly" carcinogenic to humans.
A scientific theory is a hypothesis that has been proved by testing.
A scientist had to know how to ask the correct question and to state it so clearly that the answer would be, in effect, a definite yes or no, not "maybe".
A scientist says fossils she collected from an ancient seabed in the mountains of northwestern Canada may be the earliest evidence of animal life on Earth ever discovered.
A scientist will read dozens of books in his lifetime, but still believe he has a lot more to learn.
A scorpion crawled up into Yanni's shorts.
A scorpion has a stinger at the end of its tail.
A scorpion is not a pet meant for children.
A scorpion scurried into the tent.
A scorpion stung Tom.
A scorpion stung me.
A scream broke the silence.
A scream pierced the silence.
A scream so loud and so blood-curdling filled the air.
A screamer isn't a singer.
A screech rang out through the air.
A screen divided the room into two.
A screw's missing.
A scuffle is not an organized bout: it is a free-for-all, with fists flying in any and all directions.
A sculptor made a sculpture that looks like a person.
A sculpture was discovered.
A sea mist rolled inland.
A sea of colors has swelled up overnight in my neighborhood.
A sea of red roses filled the entrance to the shopping centre.
A sea of words, but only a drop of sense.
A sea separates Ireland and England.
A seagull circled above the beach.
A seagull flying overhead pooped on my head.
A seagull stole my hamburger!
A seagull suddenly flew over our heads.
A seal is a marine mammal.
A seam on the blanket has unraveled.
A seamstress sews, and a cook bakes.
A search for the missing plane began as soon as it got light.
A search for the three missing boys is under way.
A search is underway for Tom's replacement.
A search of the car failed to find any weapons.
A search operation is now under way.
A search was conducted to try and find Ziri's body.
A seaside aqua fitness workout isn’t just about exercise, water, sun and sea breezes.
A seat became vacant at that station.
A seat went empty and he gestured her to sit down.
A second bed and a second desk appeared in Yuri's room.
A second cousin is the granddaughter of the brother or sister of a grandparent.
A second is a basic unit of measurement.
A second is a sixtieth part of a minute.
A second later his lips curved in a malicious smile.
A second later, a fifth shell erupted from the cannon.
A second later, chips were all that remained of the counter.
A second later, chips were all that were left of the counter.
A second look may be flattering; after that, things go downhill: first to staring, then to ogling, finally to frankly leering.
A second message came through the radio.
A second mirror is hanging next to the door.
A second opinion would be very helpful.
A second plane has hit the World Trade Center.
A second printing was released the next month.
A second stab from behind ended Gabriel’s life.
A second trial involving another sporozoite vaccine, weakened by radiation, was carried out in Mali. It tested whether the vaccine prevented reinfection among people who had already been exposed to malaria.
A second-degree burn is more dangerous than a first-degree burn but less dangerous than a third-degree burn.
A second-half penalty decided the match.
A secondary school pupil made this robot.
A secret cannot be kept within three people.
A secret cove was hidden by perilous-looking rocks.
A secret fan sent her flowers every morning.
A secret policy document was leaked to the newspapers.
A secret shared is a trust formed.
A secret that two people know is not a secret.
A secretarial post is open.
A section of the bike trail went through an undeveloped field.
A secure income is an important thing for me.
A security guard escorted Tom off the premises.
A seed can remain viable for centuries, even millennia.
A segment of Western society holds the perception that their cultural values, norms, and practices represent the pinnacle of human civilization.
A seiche is a standing wave oscillating in a body of water.
A self-centered person likes people who feed into their arrogance.
A self-centered person would usually dislike you if you don't buy into their ideas.
A self-confessed chocoholic, he loves to cook; and after watching a show on chocolate making, he spent two years studying and experimenting with techniques and flavors until he perfected his method.
A self-fulfilling prophecy is a prophecy that causes itself to be true, directly or indirectly.
A self-proclaimed democrat, who is lucky enough to live in a democratic country, but who constantly swears at politicians without committing himself to politics, has probably not understood the word "democracy".
A selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings.
A sell-out crowd was there to watch the final.
A seller was accused of hawking medical masks at more than 10 times the normal value.
A seller's market is a market in which goods are relatively scarce, buyers have a limited range of choice, and prices are high.
A seller’s market is a market in which goods are relatively scarce, buyers have a limited range of choice, and prices are high.
A semi-truck came barreling past.
A semicolon is a punctuation mark.
A semicolon is pronounced differently from a period.
A semiprime is a natural number that is the product of two prime numbers.
A senior State Department official who briefed reporters on the day's meetings said the broader the support for the resolution in the 15-member council, the more "catalytic" the measure will be in drawing other countries into what is to be a U.N. force under an American commander.
A senior government official was arrested on corruption charges.
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a "full member" of the British monarchy.
A sense of community is important to the college.
A sense of expectation is hanging in the air.
A sense of humor can be an individual's biggest asset.
A sense of humour will stand you in good stead in difficult times.
A sense of proportion wouldn't go amiss.
A sense of trouble ahead oppressed his spirits.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
A sensible man wouldn’t say such a thing in public.
A sensible person is one who uses good sense.
A sensible person wouldn't speak to you like that.
A sentence can consist of a single proposition.
A sentence can never have too many translations.
A sentence can state something false while at the same time be grammatically correct.
A sentence cannot say what a word means.
A sentence contextualizes words.
A sentence doesn't have to be long to be beautiful.
A sentence has value in grammar.
A sentence is a group of words that gives a complete thought.
A sentence is a sentence, no matter who wrote it.
A sentence is a sentence.
A sentence is a set of words that are put together to mean something.
A sentence is a syntactic unit.
A sentence is a word or set of words which states, asks, commands or exclaims something.
A sentence is like a flower; its meaning is pollen. A translator is like a bee; translation is just pollination between different plants – it carries life...
A sentence is never innocent.
A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.
A septic tank should not be confused with a well.
A sequel was released a year later.
A serial thief was on the loose in our neighborhood.
A series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins.
A series of constitutions after World War II granted Nigeria greater autonomy.
A series of dams on the transboundary Mekong River has reduced water levels, damaging fisheries and causing other environmental problems for the people who depend on the waterway for their livelihoods and food.
A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
A series of explosions left the laboratory in ruins.
A series of explosions reduced the laboratory to ruins.
A series of quakes rattled the region.
A series of studies was subsequently conducted with the goal of disproving or confirming this hypothesis.
A series of well-timed explosions took down the castle's fortifications.
A serious epidemic broke out in the school, and three of the boys died.
A serious epidemic has broken out in Beijing.
A serious form of flu prevails throughout the country.
A serious linguistic institution won't ever censure a translation, it does not matter how dirty or rude it feels when reading it.
A seriously deranged person lived in that forest.
A server is a specialised computer.
A service provider offers its services to businesses.
A service provider tenders its services to firms.
A service requires a service in return.
A serviceman inspected our furnace.
A set of benefits is in effect.
A set of benefits was once in effect.
A set of quality pool cues can be pretty expensive.
A set of well-honed knives is every chef's prized possession.
A set should be expressed as a list of elements like {1, 2, 3}.
A setback delayed our progress.
A seven-sided polygon is typically called a heptagon, but is occasionally referred to as a septagon.
A seven-year-old girl was beaten to death by her mother, who in the presence of the stepfather tried to dispose of the body by burning it on a grill.
A seventh chord is composed of four notes.
A seventh is the seventh note of an octave.
A severe draught led to the death of thousands of cows, goats, sheep, and camels.
A severe ocean storm hit the West Indies.
A severe shortage of workers was the cause of the accident.
A severe thunderstorm is coming your way.
A severe typhoon has done much damage to property.
A severed penis constitutes a solid piece of evidence for rape.
A sewage treatment plant discharged toxic chemicals into the town's water supply.
A sexagesimal system was used in Babylonia. Therefore an hour has sixty minutes and a day has twenty-four hours.
A sexual act with a minor is never consensual.
A sexual predator has been recently apprehended by the police.
A sexually transmitted disease – chlamydia – is also harming koalas’ health.
A shade of anxiety seemed to me to cross my companion's expressive face.
A shadow falls on Kai. Instinct takes over and he rolls left. The Goshawk misses. Wings beat so close Kai feels the air move, hears the disappointed shriek next to his head.
A shadow moved across the wall.
A shadow of anxiety swept across her face.
A shadow of sorrow flitted across her face.
A shadow of sorrow passed over her face.
A shadowy figure appeared in Leonid's room that night.
A shady black car pulled up next to Robert.
A shame that you don't know that.
A shameful affair has erupted in the village.
A shameless liar lies smilingly.
A shameless liar speaks smilingly.
A shampoo and a set, please.
A shark attacked Tom.
A shark attacked him.
A shark devoured him.
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
A shark is the last thing you want to see while you're swimming.
A shark snapped the man's leg off.
A shark snapped the man’s leg off.
A shark swam past the porthole.
A shark was seen near here.
A shark was seen near the coast.
A shark was swimming towards Gabor.
A sharp and unbearable pain pierced Boldi's stomach.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
A sharp knife is nothing without a sharp eye.
A sharp pain pierced her stomach.
A sharp pain shot through Tom's body and he slumped to the ground.
A sharp rain, too, was beating against the window-panes; and the sky looked black and cloudy.
A sharp thorn made a hole in her silk dress.
A sharp tongue is more dangerous than a sharp knife.
A sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
A sharp wit is much more important than a sharp blade.
A shave, please.
A sheath for a sword is a scabbard.
A sheep dog drives the flock to the pasture.
A sheet of oilcloth works well to keep your dinner table clean.
A shelter has been set up.
A shelter was set up.
A shepherd had a faithful dog, called Sultan, who had grown very old, and had lost all his teeth.
A shepherd had a faithful dog, called Sultan, who was grown very old, and had lost all his teeth.
A shield and my reliance, o God, Thou ever wert. I'll trust unto Thy guidance, o leave me not ungirt.
A shining light shot down.
A ship appeared on the horizon.
A ship capsized.
A ship has capsized.
A ship in harbour is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A ship is in distress.
A ship is moored at the pier.
A ship is seen a long way off.
A ship of dreams landed in a nightmare.
A ship sank near here yesterday.
A ship that transports oil is called an oil tanker.
A ship was out of sight soon.
A ship which conveys oil is called an oil tanker.
A ship's captain must remain observant that a reliable buoy be attached to each anchor by a sturdy rope, so that one could find and raise the anchor if its anchor-cable were to be shorn apart, were to fall into the sea or were to be hewn apart.
A shirt cropped above the waist is only for those with a chiseled midriff or an insouciance for the aesthetic opinion of others.
A shit a day keeps the doctor away.
A shiver descended my spine.
A shiver ran down Tom's spine.
A shiver ran down her spine.
A shiver ran down my spine.
A shiver went down Yanni's spine.
A shiver went down his spine.
A shiver went down my spine.
A shocking crime has been committed, and I think I have now laid bare every detail of it.
A shoe too large trips one up.
A shoot grows from a seed. A shoot transforms to a sapling, a sapling to a tree. The root sustains the tree.
A shooting star dashed through the sky.
A shooting star streaked across the sky.
A shooting star!
A shooting star! Quick, Tom, make a wish!
A shooting-dress of dark cloth intimated the rank of the wearer, though concealed in part by a large and loose cloak of a dark brown colour.
A shop's security cameras recorded the act.
A shopping centre is a large building in which you can find a variety of sizeable shops to shop in.
A short billion is equal to a thousand millions.
A short epilogue was added to the film.
A short film from Ukraine won the contest in Berlin.
A short line bus is one that exits the route before reaching the end of the line.
A short movie will be shown during the opening ceremony.
A short nap at lunchtime and, Bob's your uncle, I'm fit and raring to go.
A short story conveys an idea through a brief path.
A short stroll along the beach gave me a good appetite for breakfast.
A short time later, Thora returned alone.
A short time later, the 15 were remanded to custody after justice officials appealed the bail decision.
A short time later, the sun set and it became dark.
A short walk brought me to the lake.
A short walk brought me to the museum.
A short walk will bring you to the station.
A short while later, Thora returned alone.
A short while later, he lost his fortune.
A shortage of animal feed is also looming after damage to maize crops and grass.
A shortage of skilled artisans meant it took years to rebuild the city.
A shortage of truck drivers in both countries led to bottlenecks at ports and inland rail hubs, forcing some warehouses to refuse delivery of new containers until backlogs could be reduced.
A shorter commute meant more free time.
A shot rang out and the bird fell from the sky.
A shot rang out.
A shot, and the puck is in the goal.
A shoulder patch from the Apollo 1 mission, whose crew was killed in a fire, and medals commemorating two Soviet cosmonauts who died in their country's space efforts, were left on the Moon by the Apollo 11 astronauts.
A shout arose from the people.
A shout in the night frightened me.
A shovel full of snow can weigh as much as 20 pounds.
A show of hands?
A shower has laid the dust.
A shower of rain fell while we were in the train, and the heat was far less oppressive in Croydon than in town.
A shrewd hare keeps three burrows.
A shrimp empanada, please.
A shy male student wanted to be excused from a class because he was too shy to be the only guy in the class.
A sick giraffe is more likely to be taken by lions.
A sick or wounded giraffe could fall prey to lions.
A sick person should stay in bed.
A sick soul that holds on tight to anger and hate will never heal until it lets go of those demons.
A sickle that gets used shines.
A side effect of the eye surgery is dry eyes.
A side street in the countryside usually means a road without public lighting.
A sideboard is a long, low, flat-topped item of dining room furniture, usually made of wood, used to store china and linens.
A sigh fell from her lips.
A sign drew attention to the danger.
A sign is enough for a scholar to understand us.
A sign is enough to be understood by a scholar.
A sign of a celebrity is often that his name is worth more than his services.
A signal must be sent to the driver when boarding the train is over.
A significant amount was provided for national defense.
A significant decrease in temperature is expected.
A significant growth has formed on her back.
A significant number of those pumpkins will come from the state of Illinois, which harvests the largest share of pumpkin acreage of all the states.
A significant part of Spain's gas imports comes from Algeria.
A significant quantity of mercury was found in the mackerel.
A significant spike in demand for consumer goods in the United States and Europe, combined with disruptions caused by the coronavirus pandemic, has roiled global shipping markets, driving up the cost of moving containers of goods in the U.S. and globally.
A silent response can generate curiosity.
A silhouette loomed in the window.
A silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain.
A silicon crystal with a band gap in which an impurity level is created near the top of the valence band has hole conductivity.
A silver disk of simple shape floated motionlessly above the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building.
A silver lining of the current pandemic is that rescue dogs are finding foster homes at higher than normal rates.
A silver medal was a great result, too.
A silver wedding anniversary celebrates 25 years of marriage.
A similar fibre optic cable was installed in West Africa earlier this year with the support of the South African Telecommunications Company.
A similar measure is pending again this year.
A similar situation can be observed in Algeria.
A similar thing might happen in Algeria.
A simile is like a bridge.
A simple act like turning over a rock and exposing the animals to the sun can harm them.
A simple apology wouldn’t work for the mess Daniel has created.
A simple gesture of help, an extended hand in difficulty, may be enough to revive hope in a despairing heart.
A simple message can rekindle a dormant friendship.
A simple multi-stage adjustment of the air flow is provided electronically.
A simple plastic stylus won't work on a smartphone's capacitive touchscreen. You need a capacitive or active stylus instead.
A simple smile can convey deep love.
A simple thank you would've been fine.
A simple wooden cross marks Tom's grave.
A simply and clearly written original makes translators happy.
A sin confessed is half forgiven.
A sincere opinion would interest me.
A single act of kindness can ripple through countless lives.
A single almond needs one gallon of water to grow.
A single bad bean can make a pound of coffee undrinkable.
A single candle lit the room.
A single chance is a galaxy of hope.
A single chess move is not enough to reveal the player's skill; the sound of a string alone is not enough to move listeners.
A single day can change the course of history.
A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
A single finger doesn't clean a face.
A single glass of alcohol increases the risk of cancer.
A single hopper-style rail car contains an amount of metallurgical coal sufficient to smelt the steel used to manufacture three hundred automobiles.
A single house can have a French-inspired mansard roof, Grecian columns, and English Tudor-inspired timbering.
A single house is all that's left of the once-great village.
A single incident can change your life.
A single language cannot win a war against all the languages of the world.
A single language is never enough.
A single leaf floated to the ground.
A single machine can replace ten workers.
A single mistake, and you are a failure.
A single one is absent.
A single person lives in this ample abode?
A single person produces more meat than I expected.
A single ray of sunlight shone through a chink in the shuttered window.
A single repetition is not enough.
A single room with bath, please.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
A single taper lit the entire room.
A single tear rolled down her cheek.
A single to Newcastle, please.
A single tube of toothpaste lasts me an entire year.
A single vote tipped the balance in the mayoral election, so close was it between the two candidates.
A single white feather stood out.
A single word can brighten the face of one who knows the value of words.
A single word can change your life.
A single-celled organism consist of just one cell.
A singular obsession with Israel and Palestine isn't a good sign.
A singularity is a thermodynamic dead end and does not explain the origin of the universe.
A sinister figure emerged from the shadows.
A sinkhole formed under the National Corvette Museum and swallowed eight cars.
A sinkhole has appeared in the middle of the highway.
A sinking feeling of dread settled over Yanni.
A sip of invigorating kvass gave him strength.
A siren wailed.
A six-figure income is not uncommon for physicians.
A six-figure income isn't uncommon for physicians.
A six-foot-tall plastic Tyrannosaurus rex stands guard outside Robert Bowen’s fossil shop on Pine Street in downtown, Kemmerer, Wyo.
A sizable portion of his students loved him.
A skating rink has been forced to close following public uproar over a decision to embed dead fish into the ice.
A skeleton from Yanni's past emerged from out of the blue.
A skeleton sees the doctor, who comments: "You should have come earlier."
A skewer is called a tactical move whereby two pieces that are in the same line (row, column or diagonal) are simultaneously attacked, so that the first, when moving, dodging the attack, allows the capture of the other one.
A skilled editor could make these edits very rapidly and accurately.
A skilled mechanic earns decent wages.
A skilled mechanic makes decent money.
A skin color is not a lineage.
A skinhead snatched her hijab off.
A skull shaped asteroid flew by the Earth on Halloween.
A skunk ate the food we left out for the stray cats.
A skyful isn't enough to have written upon it that I love you.
A skylark is singing.
A slab of concrete underlies nearly every permanent structure on Earth.
A slander isn't a slander unless it's uttered to your detriment before a third party.
A slanderous tongue is an indication of a bad heart.
A slave for his mother is better than his master.
A slave remains a slave.
A sledgehammer breaks glass but forges steel.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
A sleeping child looks like an angel.
A slender woman with short-cropped dark hair, she agrees she is as obstinate as her 63-year-old father, a stubbornness softened in both their cases by a lively sense of humor.
A slew of corporate logos adorned the entrance to the soccer match.
A slight cold prevented me from going to Ibusuki with my family.
A slightly heavier rain could cause flooding.
A slightly lower interest rate could save thousands of dollars over the life of a home loan.
A sling psychrometer is used to measure relative humidity.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
A slip of tongue will often lead us to unexpected results.
A slippery floor can be very dangerous.
A sloth can live in the same tree for years.
A sloth must conserve its energy because it eats a low-calorie diet of leaves.
A slough is a place showing little activity, much like the current state of the British government.
A slough is a swamp or shallow lake system, usually a backwater to a larger body of water.
A slow pandemic won't be remembered by the history books.
A slow-worm is a limbless lizard, not a snake.
A slower tempo would be better.
A slowworm is a limbless lizard, not a snake.
A smack passes while a word remains.
A small European shop opened inside. The ambience is great!
A small act can have a major effect.
A small act of kindness from one person to the other is worth more than all the love for humanity.
A small amount of alcohol will relax the mind and body and improve blood circulation.
A small amount of brandy is added to the whipped cream.
A small amount of light came in from the doorway.
A small animal was inside the vent.
A small antique etching discovered by the president of Catholic University in Washington, D.C., has created quite a cultural stir.
A small arrow studded with five stars lies, pointing east, in the Milky Way, slightly to the north of Altair.
A small barrier cut me off from the rest of the group.
A small beck winds its way through the fields.
A small bird sang loudly.
A small black cat pattered across the street.
A small black cat scuttled across the street.
A small boat is steered by means of a tiller fitted to the head of the rudder.
A small border dispute ballooned into a major international incident.
A small boy ate a Kit-Kat.
A small boy needs some person he can look up to.
A small boy stood champing gum.
A small boy swept into a stormwater drain kept himself afloat using strokes he'd recently learned at swim school.
A small boy with close-cropped brown head and dark eager eyes was drumming with his fingers on the windowpane.
A small bridge arched over the stream.
A small bridge arched the stream.
A small bug bit me on the arm because I was accidentally crushing it.
A small but vocal minority disrupted the meeting.
A small car is cheaper than a big one.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
A small car like this ought to get pretty good gas mileage.
A small car takes little room.
A small child fell into a pit that wasn't properly secured.
A small child is crawling.
A small community emerged.
A small company employs 50 people.
A small creek cut across the field.
A small crowd appeared.
A small cup of coffee costs two euro.
A small cup of coffee costs two euros.
A small cup of coffee costs €2.
A small cup of coffee is two euro.
A small cup of coffee is two euros.
A small cup of coffee is €2.
A small daub of very watery enamel should be taken on the end of the spatula and laid upon the metal where it is to be enameled.
A small dog is standing outside a shop, waiting.
A small forest brook flowed between the moss-covered trees.
A small forest fire can easily spread and quickly become a great conflagration.
A small forest fire quickly spread and became a huge conflagration.
A small gain is better than a great loss.
A small garden sprinkled over with a scattered eruption of sickly plants separated each of these houses from the street.
A small gear is missing here.
A small group of Asian giant hornets can kill an entire honeybee hive in a matter of hours.
A small group of men appeared at the corner.
A small group of tourists of various nationalities had gathered at the fountain on the marketplace for a city tour.
A small hallway branched off to the left.
A small income obliges us to thrift.
A small island has appeared in the area.
A small island like Taiwan could be taken down by China in a short period of time.
A small light industry sector caters to the local market.
A small lump of sugar, please.
A small man often throws a big shadow.
A small mouse runs with a cake.
A small passageway opened.
A small penis complex is common among guys.
A small pig which last year brought 400 florins, now brings 2,000 florins on the free market.
A small plane landed on the island.
A small plate is missing.
A small pond is behind my house.
A small population of penguins nests on the island.
A small portion of ham, please, and a draught beer.
A small regent is worth more than a large servant.
A small road ran across the bridge, through the fields, and over a hill.
A small rock was thrown into our camp.
A small smile appeared on her face.
A small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche.
A small spark often ignites a big flame.
A small spark often kindles a large flame.
A small state in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would never be a just solution to the Palestinian tragedy.
A small state in the West Bank would have no water, no territorial continuity, and no army. This is at least how Israeli officials want it.
A small stream ran down among the rocks.
A small stream runs by my house.
A small stream winds its way through the fields.
A small tap was coming from the window.
A small toolkit can be very handy when you are traveling.
A small town lies between the big cities.
A small village grew into a large city.
A small wicket-gate opened upon a footpath that wound through some shrubbery to the door.
A small, bare bulb was the only source of light.
A small, homogeneous population with a precious culture—a Hopi village on a mesa top in America, e.g.—may be unable to tolerate any outsider for long.
A small, naked bulb gave the only illumination.
A smaller, but still dangerous, concentration of pathogens won't necessarily be detectable by smell.
A smart dog never barks for no reason.
A smart falcon hides its talons.
A smart man doesn't contradict his wife, but rather waits for her to do it herself.
A smart news consumer is always aware of this discrepancy between traditional media and social media.
A smart news consumer seeks out information from multiple sources, weighing the reputation of each source, and comparing their coverage.
A smartphone bezel is the plastic or metal border on its front surface, surrounding the screen.
A smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
A smell of lilies filled the room.
A smelly invasive bug continues to spread across the United States, alarming both farmers and scientists.
A smile broke out on her face.
A smile costs nothing.
A smile crept up on her face.
A smile crept up on his face.
A smile crossed Tom's face.
A smile crossed her face.
A smile crossed his face.
A smile crossed my face.
A smile doesn't cost anything.
A smile doesn't cost anything. Give one to everyone.
A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to shine.
A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to sparkle.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
A smile is a manifestation of joy.
A smile is an indirect hug.
A smile is preferable to weeping.
A smile is the best cure for a bad mood.
A smile is the most beautiful accessory.
A smile is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body.
A smile is the prettiest thing you can wear.
A smile is the same in every language.
A smile lit up her face.
A smile lit up his face.
A smile may convey understanding, joy, or an appreciation of humor.
A smile played on her lips.
A smile sends a friendship signal.
A smile spread across her face.
A smile spread across his face.
A smile suits you best.
A smirk crossed Mary's face.
A smirk crossed his face.
A smoker harms other people.
A smoldering pile of coal was left behind.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
A snack will stay your hunger.
A snail can sleep for as long as three years at a time.
A snail is moving up the inside of the windowpane.
A snail's shell is spiral in form.
A snake bit Tom.
A snake bit me.
A snake came out of Ziri's backpack.
A snake doesn't bite if it's not provoked.
A snake hisses.
A snake is a kind of reptile.
A snake is just a really long head.
A snake slithered across the path.
A snake was slithering through the fallen leaves.
A snake which does not shed its skin, dies.
A sneak attack is underway.
A sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour.
A sniper shot Tom in the head.
A sniper shot Tom.
A sniper shot Ziri.
A sniper shot the lights out.
A snow gun covered the ski slope with snow.
A snow hare sits in the forest and cries.
A snow-clad Mt. Fuji is fabulously beautiful.
A snowflake landed on Mary's nose.
A snowflake landed on Tom's nose.
A snowflake landed on his nose.
A snowflake landed on the tip of Mary's nose.
A snowflake landed on the tip of Tom's nose.
A snowman is left in the night darkness in company with snowy stumps, boulders and anthills.
A snowplow tried to keep the highway near Oslo free of snow on Thursday morning.
A snowslide blocked the road.
A snowslide obstructed the road.
A snowstorm is coming in.
A snowstorm is coming.
A snowstorm is raging in the northern Golan Heights and in the high peaks of the Galilee.
A so-called "Sharia Police Officer" patrols the streets of Wuppertal at night in orange colored vests.
A sober-minded man adapts himself to outward things; a reckless man tries to adapt outward things to himself. That's why progress depends on reckless people.
A soccer field every 6 seconds. That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year, according to new data from the Global Forest Watch monitoring program.
A soccer field every 6 seconds. That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year.
A soccer field is rectangular in shape.
A soccer field is rectangular.
A soccer match lasts 90 minutes, without considering stoppage time.
A soccer match lasts 90 minutes.
A soccer score of 3 to 0 is definitely a victory.
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
A social grant to those who lost their jobs during the pandemic will extend through the transition period, after which all measures will lapse.
A socialite is a person who is well known in fashionable society and is fond of social activities and entertainment.
A society cannot be truly democratic unless the powerful are held accountable for their actions.
A society consists of many people.
A society is only as free as its apperception of diversity is heightened.
A society that allows poverty hates children.
A society that bans religious headgear is not free.
A society where prosperity is not shared with the working poor will eventually lead to some form of revolution.
A society without religion is like a ship without a compass.
A society's values are reflected in its traditions.
A society’s values are reflected in its traditions.
A sociolect characterizes the speech of a social group.
A sociopath could be caught in bed shagging and would still deny he's cheating on you.
A sociopath could shoot himself just to make a point.
A sociopath could take things to the dangerous extreme.
A sociopath has no friends.
A sociopath has no heart.
A sociopath has no true friends.
A sociopath is an antisocial individual.
A sociopath is charming on the surface and evil underneath.
A sociopath is cold.
A sociopath is like a cheating wife who is caught in bed shagging with her lover and would still deny it.
A sociopath likes to keep people under his thumb.
A sociopath would idealize you one minute and demonize you the next minute.
A sociopathic person has no conscience.
A sociopaths wants to get what he wants here and now.
A sock is missing.
A sofer is a traditional Jewish scribe.
A soft answer is a specific cure of anger.
A soft answer turneth away wrath.
A soft click was heard.
A soft option would be to simply relocate to another building, as opposed to renovating the chamber at such an expensive cost.
A software engineer writes computer programs.
A solar eclipse happens when the moon passes directly between Earth and the sun.
A solar eclipse is when the Moon blocks the light from the Sun.
A solar flash is expected to come.
A solar panel only works in the daytime.
A solar storm is the emission of electrically charged particles on the sun.
A soldier came marching along the high road. He had his knapsack on his back and a sword by his side, for he had been to the wars and was now returning home.
A soldier came marching along the high road—left, right! A left, right! He had his knapsack on his back and a sword by his side, for he had been to the wars and was now returning home.
A soldier is an anachronism of which we must get rid.
A soldier often has to confront danger.
A soldier who doesn't dream of becoming a general is a bad one.
A solemn wisp of smoke rose from the shattered city.
A solid line of cars passed through the little village.
A solid line of cars was passing through the little village.
A solitary birch tree stands on a wide plain in the winter wind.
A solitary man standing on the hilltop turned slowly from mountain to valley, from sky to field, seeming to eat and drink and breathe—to make a part of him by some paganish transubstantiation—the very day itself.
A solo career can make Ziri more famous.
A solution acceptable to all parties was finally reached.
A solution had to be found.
A solution immediately suggested itself to me.
A solution must be found.
A solution needs to be found quickly.
A solution to America's fiscal woes may be found in spending alone or in revenue alone, but the problem stems from a lack of balance—between both.
A solution to this problem is still some way off.
A somersault gone wrong landed Tom in the hospital.
A son must obey his father.
A son was born to the couple.
A son who could not learn to paddle his own canoe does not deserve to inherit his father's fortune.
A son who could not learn to paddle his own canoe does not deserve to inherit his father’s fortune.
A song I heard on the radio this morning is stuck in my head.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
A song from your first album came on the radio last night. I sat there open-mouthed.
A song says a girl's mind is variable.
A song says a girl’s mind is variable.
A song urging Cameroonians not to relent in the fight against malaria blasted through speakers Saturday — World Malaria Day — at road junctions and popular neighborhoods, as well as from publicity vans driving through Cameroon’s capital, Yaounde.
A sonnet is a kind of poem.
A sonnet is framed poetry. It has beauty in form and expression.
A soporific drone sounds all around.
A sore back hindered me from playing tennis.
A sorrel horse differs from a palomino mainly in that the latter has a white mane and tail.
A sound emanated from that direction.
A sound mind dwells in a sound body.
A sound mind in a healthy body.
A sound mind in a sound body.
A sound outside the window woke Ziri up.
A sound sleep made me feel better.
A sound sleep made me feel much better.
A sound was coming from inside the toy closet.
A sow is a female pig.
A sow is no match for a goose.
A spa in Cairo, Egypt is using live snakes to massage daring customers in search of pain relief.
A space is a punctuation convention that separates words.
A space is missing before the colon.
A space is missing here between these two words.
A spacecraft appeared.
A spacecraft arrived on a pristine planet.
A spacecraft chased Bruno.
A spacecraft destined to explore a unique asteroid will also test new communication hardware that uses lasers instead of radio waves.
A spacecraft from the U.S. space agency NASA briefly touched an asteroid Tuesday on a mission to collect dust and pebbles to bring back to Earth.
A spaced repetition system can help reinforce long-term memory.
A spacesuit is much more than a set of clothes astronauts wear on spacewalks. A fully equipped spacesuit is really a one-person spacecraft.
A spanner is a commonly used tool.
A spare key would solve my problems now.
A spark blew up the powder.
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.
A spark ignited the gas fumes.
A spark led the gunpowder to explode.
A spark of hope ignited inside me.
A spark of hope was shining in his eyes.
A spark would be enough to burn a forest.
A spark would be enough to burn down the forest.
A sparrow built a nest in a tree.
A sparrow in the hand is better than a pigeon on the roof.
A sparrow is very alert in its movements.
A sparrow's wings don't have nearly anything in common with a fly's wings.
A spasm, violent and uncontrollable, stiffened every muscle in his body.
A speaker shouldn't be afraid to make mistakes, but only not to correct them, which isn't hard.
A spear can keep a person fed in difficult times.
A special exhibition is currently being shown at the museum.
A special feature of verbs in the Russian language is the presence of the category of aspect.
A special online exhibition of the Shroud of Turin took place on Holy Saturday.
A special pen had to be invented for astronauts to be able to write while in space. This pen uses a rubber-like ink that also works well underwater.
A special prosecutor was appointed.
A special relationship is created between doctors and patients.
A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution.
A special summit of finance ministers has been called for this evening.
A special task force managed to catch a suicide bomber downtown before he could carry out his evil plan.
A special task force managed to catch a suicide bomber downtown, prior to him carrying out his evil plan.
A special task force managed to catch a suicide terrorist downtown, prior to him carrying out his evil plan.
A special taskforce managed to catch a suicide bomber downtown, prior to him carrying out his evil plan.
A special taskforce managed to catch a suicide terrorist downtown, prior to him carrying out his evil plan.
A special tax is imposed on very high incomes.
A special tax was imposed on imported cars.
A special visa is required.
A special visa was required.
A specialist has his own strength.
A species of giant tortoise believed to be extinct was found alive in the Galapagos Islands.
A specter is haunting Europe — the specter of communism.
A specter is haunting Tatoeba— the specter of Tom.
A spectre haunts Europe: the spectre of communism.
A spectre is haunting Europe - the spectre of communism.
A spectre is haunting Europe â€” the spectre of communism.
A spectre is haunting Europe — the spectre of communism.
A spectre is haunting Europe—the spectre of communism.
A spectre of Tomoskepticism is haunting Tatoeba.
A spectrometer uses light to identify the chemical composition of matter.
A speech pathologist might be able to help you with your speech impediment.
A speed bump is used for a forced speed reduction of the car.
A spell of fine weather enabled us to get the harvest in safely.
A spell of warm weather is disrupting events at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, presenting a challenge for Olympic organizers with temperatures forecast to rise again this week.
A sperm whale is the biggest toothed whale.
A spider can produce a silky substance from tiny openings on its underside.
A spider climbed up on my leg.
A spider has eight legs.
A spider is a fraction of a human's size.
A spider isn't an insect.
A spider was dangling down from the ceiling.
A spider weaves a web.
A spider went up my leg.
A spider-like alien approached Martino.
A spider-like creature was hatching from the egg.
A spike in demand caused prices to rise.
A spin is a yaw aggravated stall.
A spiral galaxy is shaped like a disk. The disk tends to resemble a pinwheel with arms which spiral outward as it rotates.
A spiral staircase leads onto the gallery of the church.
A spirit became infatuated with Ziri.
A splendid idea occurred to John.
A splendid marble monument records her name, titles, and virtues, while her victims remain undistinguished by tomb or epitaph.
A splinter got into the hand.
A splinter of wood, barely visible to the naked eye, caused a very painful infection in one of Tom's fingers.
A split has grown within the party.
A splitter is used for thick wood; a pin chisel is used for concrete.
A spoilsport is a person who ruins other people's fun.
A spoke on my bike has gone.
A spokesman for Stolt Tankers says their vessel suffered only minor damage and no one on board was hurt.
A spokesman has confirmed that the secretary's recommendation was sent to the president early Friday.
A sponge absorbs liquids.
A sponge absorbs water.
A spontaneous fire started in the hay.
A spoon is in my hand.
A spoon is missing.
A spoonful of honey is more attractive than a barrel of vinegar.
A spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.
A sports bra should only be worn for working out, and not in any non-sports situations.
A sports brand and anime collab has been announced.
A sports competition was held in our college.
A sprain like this should heal in less than a week.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month.
A spring rain revived the flower.
A spy may be about.
A squadron of paratroopers landed behind the hill.
A square balustraded gallery ran round the top of the old hall.
A square has four angles.
A square has four corners and four sides.
A square has four corners.
A square has four equal sides.
A square has four right angles.
A square has four sides.
A square is a quadrilateral with four sides the same and where all four corners are right angles.
A square is a rectangle and a rhombus at the same time.
A square is a rhombic rectangle or, if you prefer, a rectangular rhombus.
A square is a shape with four sides of equal length and ninety degree corners.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
A square is both a rectangle and a rhombus.
A square is one type of rectangle, and a rectangle is one type of parallelogram.
A squatter lived in the abandoned house.
A squid has ten arms.
A squid has ten legs.
A squirrel came every morning. It had become so trusting that it even let Mary stroke it.
A squirrel darted across the road and ran up a tree.
A squirrel eats a hazelnut.
A squirrel eats hazelnuts.
A squirrel hid among the branches.
A squirrel hid in the branches.
A squirrel is a mammal.
A squirrel is eating some hazelnuts.
A squirrel is hopping over the mossy logs.
A squirrel is taking a bath in the pond.
A squirrel scampered across the road and bounded up a tree.
A squirrel skipped across the road and leapt on to a tree.
A squirrel suddenly came running out of nowhere.
A squirrel transmitted rabies to my daughter.
A squirrel was trapped in the flue above the fireplace.
A stable economy is the aim of every government.
A staff is used to help steady yourself when walking, much like a cane.
A stage has been set up in the stadium.
A stage was set up in the stadium.
A staircase went to the basement.
A stalled car impedes traffic in the left lane.
A stallion is a male horse.
A stallion was following Oleg.
A stampede of desperate parents fill toy stores in the days before Christmas.
A standalone syllable doesn't convey any meaning.
A standard 12 oz can of cola contains 1.38 oz of sugar.
A standard 12 oz can of cola contains 39g of sugar.
A standard 355 ml can of cola contains 39 grams of sugar.
A standard byte is eight bits.
A standard football game consists of four 15-minute quarters.
A stapler is very useful for attaching papers together.
A star has fallen.
A star is a brilliantly glowing sphere of hot gas whose energy is produced by an internal nuclear fusion process.
A star is born.
A star shines on the hour of our meeting.
A star that is 1.5 to 4 times larger than our Sun will become a neutron star. Stars that are even bigger than that will become black holes.
A start should be made at once.
A state is made up of individuals who compose it.
A state of emergency has been declared by the governor.
A state of emergency has been declared in Washington DC and five states.
A state that entrusts its protection to mercenaries will sooner or later perish, as did ancient Rome, whose inhabitants only wanted to eat and entertain themselves, and left the protection of their native land to the Germanic tribes. The latter betrayed their employers as soon as it became profitable. A real, strong enemy retreats only when all the inhabitants of the country are ready to stand up against it.
A state trooper is on the way.
A state without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
A state-owned book publisher in Vietnam has withdrawn hundreds of law books from shelves following public uproar over a photoshopped image of a half-naked man holding scales of justice on the front cover.
A statement against social program cuts has been read.
A statesman is a politician who's been dead for ten or fifteen years.
A statue needs to be built for Algerian singer Matoub Lounes.
A statue was discovered.
A statue was erected in the park to commemorate the fallen of both wars.
A stay in hospital is not very nice.
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.
A steady job is better than a temporary one.
A steam engine is a machine by means of which heat is transformed into work.
A steam engine transforms heat into power.
A steam turbine is a prime mover in which steam at high velocity impinges upon the blades of a rotating element, thus transforming energy of the steam into mechanical energy.
A steamship is, without a doubt, a city in itself.
A steamship is, without doubt, a city in itself.
A steel ball fell on a glass table and it shattered.
A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us.
A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill lay upon the right which had in bygone days been cut into a granite quarry.
A stench emanated from the rotting corpses.
A stench filled the room.
A stench slapped Ziri in the face.
A step change in the feed rate of one reactant results in a gradual change in the reaction rate.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
A stewardess was saved from the wreckage.
A sticky bird cannot fly.
A stiff breeze is blowing here.
A still life by a Dutch painter hangs in his room.
A still life by a Dutch painter is hanging in his room.
A stimulating new book attracts attention.
A stink bug can transmit that flavor into berries and fruit when it feeds.
A stir-fry with beef is savory.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A stoat is as cute an animal as it is deadly.
A stocky man with a swarthy complexion snatched Mary's handbag and disappeared into the crowd.
A stomachache is usually mistaken for a bellyache.
A stone can remain in atari until the end of the game depending on the needs of both players.
A stone does not float.
A stone hit him on the head.
A stone is dead matter.
A stone is heavy on its own turf.
A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
A stone once cast, and a word once spoken, cannot be recalled.
A stop sign in Japan has 3 sides, whereas a stop sign in the U.S. has 8 sides.
A stop sign instructs drivers to stop before a crosswalk at an intersection.
A stop sign tells motorists to stop before a crosswalk at an intersection.
A storm arose.
A storm brought down all the leaves from the trees.
A storm came out of nowhere.
A storm came suddenly.
A storm cloud was detected to the southwest.
A storm confined them to the house.
A storm formed over the island.
A storm has been rolling in.
A storm is about to happen.
A storm is brewing.
A storm is coming.
A storm is gathering.
A storm is imminent.
A storm is on its way.
A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
A storm knocks down trees.
A storm prevented the plane from taking off.
A storm seems to be brewing.
A storm throweth down Trees.
A storm throws down trees.
A storm turns into a hurricane when the wind speed goes over a hundred nineteen kilometers an hour.
A storm turns into a hurricane when the wind speed reaches a hundred nineteen kilometers an hour.
A storm warning is out now.
A storm was approaching our town.
A storm was beginning to brew.
A storm was brewing.
A storm will batter Brittany in the coming hours.
A storm with a misleadingly pleasant name recently brought death and destruction to parts of North America.
A stormy life? It's fine to watch that kind of thing on TV but I wouldn't actually want to live it.
A stormy life? It’s fine to watch that kind of thing on TV but I wouldn’t actually want to live it.
A story can be a genre of text.
A story from another planet: On a distant planet, there are two moons in the night sky, Flimsy and Hefty. A child asks his father, "Dear Dad, why are there two moons in the sky?" The father says, "Oh, what sort of question is that? How many eyes do you have? There are two. How many hands do you have? There are two." The child replies, "But, Dad, I only have one nose...."
A story has been thought out to its conclusion when it has taken its worst possible turn.
A stoup of wine (for in those days it was served out from the cask in pewter flagons) was placed on the table, and each had his quaigh or bicker before him.
A stoush over salaries and other entitlements is likely to see thousands of government workers walk off the job.
A stout pig, evidently a denizen of the house, came trotting and grunting out of the stable, and pushed his way into the interior of the social circle.
A stove keeps me warm and a game of chess keeps me company: despite the heroic efforts of the bishop, white will lose tonight.
A straight line is a trivial example of a curve.
A straight path is shorter than a curved one.
A straight road is shorter than a curved one.
A straight-A student killed himself in the high school parking lot. The pressure is too great to be perfect in this community.
A strain dog came to the camp.
A strange atmosphere surrounds the visitor in this room.
A strange beast is roaming through the woods.
A strange car was parked in front of my house.
A strange feeling came over me.
A strange fellow, he never speaks unless spoken to.
A strange figure suddenly came through the door.
A strange fish is on the hook.
A strange guy walked by us.
A strange idea sprang up in my mind.
A strange incident happened during his speech.
A strange lassitude fell upon me.
A strange light was reported in the area.
A strange look crossed his face.
A strange looking motorized raft, loaded with all kinds of cameras, sensors and high-tech widgets, looks like an invader from outer space. But it serves the down-to-earth purpose of making extraordinary maps of waterways of the Chesapeake Bay watershed in the Eastern United States.
A strange man came up to me and asked for money.
A strange man came up to us.
A strange man caught me by the collar.
A strange man menaced her with a knife.
A strange man threatened her with a knife.
A strange man trespassed on my property.
A strange man was walking back and forth in front of my house.
A strange man was walking back and forth on the pavement.
A strange marine creature was found recently.
A strange mist surrounded Tom, and he suddenly vanished right before our eyes.
A strange object was hovering above the water.
A strange person is hanging around the house.
A strange person is loitering around the house.
A strange sight greeted her eyes.
A strange smell hovered in the room.
A strange sound was coming from that bush.
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
A strange spectacle happened before my eyes.
A strange spectacle unfolded before my eyes.
A strange thing happened here yesterday.
A strange thing happened last night.
A strange thing happened to me on my way here.
A strange thing happened to me yesterday.
A strange thing happened.
A strange woman was standing in the doorway.
A strange-looking man came up to me and started talking to me.
A stranger approached him.
A stranger approached us.
A stranger asked me for directions to the school.
A stranger asked me how to get to the school.
A stranger asked me the way to the school.
A stranger asked the girl whether her father was at home or at his office.
A stranger beat urgently at the front door.
A stranger came into the building.
A stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital.
A stranger came up to her and asked her the time.
A stranger came up to him and asked him the time.
A stranger came up to me and asked me the time.
A stranger came up to me and asked the way.
A stranger came up to them and asked them the time.
A stranger came up to us and asked as the time.
A stranger came up to us.
A stranger came up to you and asked you the time.
A stranger came up, asking me the way to the museum.
A stranger conversed with me.
A stranger felt up Mary's breasts as she was returning home.
A stranger gave this to me.
A stranger groped Mary's breasts as she was returning home.
A stranger inquired about the train schedule.
A stranger inquired about the way to the station.
A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet.
A stranger is a friend you just haven’t met yet.
A stranger is just a friend that you haven't met yet.
A stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet.
A stranger is standing in front of the house.
A stranger living nearby is better than a relative living far away.
A stranger phoned me yesterday.
A stranger seized me by the arm.
A stranger spoke to me in the bus.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
A stranger spoke to me on the crowded bus.
A stranger spoke to me.
A stranger stands in front of the room.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He must have mistaken me for someone else.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He took me for some other person, I'm sure.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He took me for some other person, I’m sure.
A stranger tried to break into Tom's house.
A stranger was seen to steal into his house.
A stranger you arrive, a friend you depart.
A stravenue is a strange name for a road.
A strawberry grows on a strawberry plant.
A strawberry ice cream, please.
A strawberry is not tastier than a banana.
A stray arrow came close to killing Tom.
A stray bullet hit Tom in the head.
A stray bullet killed Tom.
A stray dog attacked Tom.
A stray dog bit Tom.
A stray dog bit me on the street and gave me rabies.
A stray dog followed Tom home and he decided to keep it.
A stray dog followed Tom home today.
A stray dog followed Tom home.
A stream flows between the two meadows.
A stream flows into the lake.
A stream of people came out of the theater.
A street map, please.
A stressful environment adversely affects a child's cognitive development.
A strict diet could be advantageous for him.
A strict diet is advised for his well-being.
A strict father makes his children toe the line by thorough training.
A strict system of numerology is like a mental jail.
A strike disrupted the postal service.
A strike disrupted the postal system.
A strike is a mass refusal to work by a body of employees.
A string broke on me.
A string of Thai governments has been contemplating the megaproject since the 1990s to help meet the growing demand for water from farmers in central Thailand.
A string of disasters struck the region.
A string of lights that hung from the ceiling lit up the long and tall room.
A string on my guitar broke.
A string quartet is rehearsing in the next room.
A stringed instrument might be plucked, bowed, or struck.
A stroll is pleasant.
A stroller has been left in front of the store.
A stroller is standing in front of the store.
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this â€” that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made, not to understand, but to feel, as crime.
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this — that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made, not to understand, but to feel, as crime.
A strong army protected the city.
A strong bond formed between Miroslav and Anna.
A strong boy is running.
A strong boy runs.
A strong breeze swept through.
A strong complicity had bound him to her.
A strong cup of coffee helps me wake up.
A strong dike protected the city from the ocean, the sluices only admitting sufficient water for the needs of the town.
A strong diplomatic effort is needed to restart the talks.
A strong draft is coming in. Close the door.
A strong draft is coming in. Close the window!
A strong draft's blowing in through that window.
A strong earthquake happened last night.
A strong gust of wind capsized the boat.
A strong gust of wind sent deep red maple leaves swirling around the couple's feet.
A strong gust of wind tipped my boat over.
A strong hand can do what a weak hand can only want to do.
A strong horse can run fast.
A strong international coalition should enforce peace in the genocidal war zone.
A strong movement of Berber revivalism started in the mid-20th century.
A strong odor can be a sign of an issue.
A strong smell of cannabis hung in the air.
A strong smell of flowers fills the air.
A strong smell of marijuana hovered in the air.
A strong state is especially important for ensuring the conditions for accelerated economic growth.
A strong storm began unexpectedly.
A strong storm started unexpectedly.
A strong veteran, having trained for tens of years, can fall to a weakling in a moment of laxness. That's what the martial arts world is.
A strong veteran, having trained for tens of years, can fall to a weakling in a moment of laxness. That’s what the martial arts world is.
A strong wind arose.
A strong wind began to blow.
A strong wind began to set in.
A strong wind blew all day long.
A strong wind blew at night.
A strong wind blew yesterday.
A strong wind howled through the windows.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't go fast.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
A strong wind is blowing and I can’t walk fast.
A strong wind severed the electric wires in several places.
A strong wind stripped the leaves from the trees.
A strong wind stripped the trees of their leaves.
A strong wind was blowing at night.
A strong wind was blowing early this morning.
A strong wind was blowing.
A strong yen is acting against Japan's export industries.
A strong yen is shaking the economy.
A strong, united Europe is a necessity for the world because an integrated Europe remains vital to our international order.
A struggle ensued between Fadil and Rami.
A struggling actor I know finally hit pay dirt when he was cast in the new Quentin Tarantino film.
A stubborn old man doesn't let himself be influenced by criticism.
A student from America lives near my house.
A student from Oslo who falsified his diploma to get into college has been sentenced to prison.
A student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading.
A student says the purge is still ongoing in China and that terror reigns there.
A student should be aware that for those younger than 21, the state driver's license or photo ID will be in a vertical rather than horizontal format, so food servers and bartenders will more quickly be able to identify the holder as underage and therefore unable to be served alcohol.
A student should not lose sight of his own identity.
A student spends a lot of time studying.
A student visited the great playwright's house.
A student visited the house of the great playwright.
A student wants to see you.
A student was run over by a car on Basin Street.
A student with a crew cut was sitting in the front seat.
A student's penmanship used to be graded, but the digital age has done away with that.
A study by AthleticDirectorU.com shows that between 2016 and 2017, men's basketball head coaches at Big 10 schools earned on average $2.5 million dollars for their work, while their female counterparts took in an average of $663,572 annually.
A study by aviation experts says the number of non-military drones will grow very quickly over the next 10 years, as investment soars and capability improves. Drones are unmanned aircraft, remotely controlled by a person on the ground, rather than a pilot on board the vehicle.
A study by researchers at Britain’s University of Nottingham published this week suggests there could be more than 30 intelligent civilizations in our galaxy.
A study by train operator Deutsche Bahn found that trains have a drastically lower carbon footprint than planes, cars or buses, yet many people are still flying short distances.
A study conducted by Britain’s Oxford University suggests COVID-19 can increase a person’s risk of developing a psychiatric disorder within three months of catching the virus.
A study detailing the astronomer’s findings was recently published in The Astronomical Journal.
A study found that British people are the most promiscuous in the world, while Finns have the largest number of sexual partners.
A study found that almost 10% of men were obese in 2008. That was up from about 5% in 1980.
A study found that injuries in PE classes increased 150% between 1997 and 2007.
A study group always meets on Saturdays at the library.
A study has found that Wikipedia is wrong in 90 percent of its entries on health and medical matters.
A study has proved that eating too fast increases your chance of obesity.
A study has proved, that eating too fast increases your chance for obesity.
A study has shown that dairy cattle can increase their milk production by up to three percent after having soothing music played to them for twelve hours per day over a nine-week period.
A study in 2013 showed similar results.
A study in the Journal of the American Medical Association says giving heart patients a drug known as a beta-blocker improves their chances of survival after heart bypass surgery.
A study led by Professor Ermias Kebreab from the University of California-Davis discovered that introducing a few ounces of seaweed into beef cattle diets could reduce their methane emissions by over 82%.
A study looks at how preconceived notions, along with the appearance of a politician, can influence how you vote.
A study of aspirin and strokes was published in the “Archives of Neurology.” Robert Hart and others at the University of Texas at San Antonio examined studies of aspirin and stroke prevention in more than fifty-thousand healthy people. Some of the people already had an increased risk of stroke, like high blood pressure. Others had no signs that they could suffer a stroke in the future.
A study of rats suggests attentive and nurturing mothering permanently alters genetic activity in the brain, leaving young rats better able to resist the temptation of drugs later in life.
A study outlining the scientist’s research and findings were recently published Annals of the Entomological Society of America.
A study published Wednesday shows nearly all the world’s glaciers have been melting at an accelerated pace in recent years, accounting for rises in sea level over the last two decades.
A study published earlier this year found individuals with HIV had more scarring in the heart muscle after an attack, suggesting that they don’t heal as well as uninfected people.
A study released at the summit by the Malaysia-based World Fish Center says fish harvests must increase by 32 percent to keep pace with consumption as the population grows.
A study reports that 53,000 Americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke.
A study showed that eating too fast contributes to obesity.
A study shows air pollution from forest fires exacerbates existing lung problems.
A study shows lung cancer accounts for 17% of women's cancer deaths.
A study shows lung cancer accounts for 17% of women’s cancer deaths.
A study shows that 100% of people that breathe oxygen will die.
A study spearheaded by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention looked at the prevalence of HIV in Haiti, Vietnam, Nigeria, Namibia, Swaziland, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.
A study surveyed 65 experts and found that 77% of them observed same-sex sexual behaviors in the animal species they studied.
A stumble is not a fall.
A stunning 27% of South Koreans aged 15-29 are either unemployed or under-employed.
A stunning view was waiting for us from the top of the mountain.
A stunt double was injured during filming.
A stupid boy called me.
A stupid man's report of what a clever man says is never accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something that he can understand.
A stupid man’s report of what a clever man says is never accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something that he can understand.
A stupid person doesn't stop being a person for being stupid.
A stupid person doesn't stop being a person just because they're stupid.
A stutterer understands a stammerer.
A sty or stye is commonly caused by staphlycoccus bacteria that along with dead skin cells clog glands in your eyelids, along the lash line.
A stylish kitchen island enhances the overall kitchen design.
A subject is missing in the relative clause.
A submarine cable was laid between the two countries.
A submarine can travel over and under the water.
A submissive may engage in brat play, challenging their dominant playfully.
A submissive's training may involve protocols for behavior and communication.
A subordinating clause is a part of a sentence that adds additional information to the main clause.
A substance can be solid, gaseous, or liquid.
A substance that accelerates chemical reactions is an accelerant.
A subtle breeze whispered through the trees.
A successful business is built on careful financial management.
A successful local boy is coming home.
A successful presentation of a play.
A sudden burst of energy helped me pull through.
A sudden chill ran down my spine.
A sudden crack of thunder broke his sleep.
A sudden earthquake made a mess of the party.
A sudden gust of wind collapsed the house of cards.
A sudden haemorrhage can be life-threatening.
A sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment.
A sudden illness prevented him from going there.
A sudden illness prevented me from going to the station to meet him.
A sudden illness ruined our vacation plans.
A sudden loud noise broke in on my meditation.
A sudden melancholy enveloped her.
A sudden noise abstracted their attention from the game.
A sudden noise distracted their attention from the game.
A sudden noise frightened her.
A sudden wave of nausea overpowered him.
A sudden wave of sickness overpowered him.
A sudden wind agitated the surface of the pond.
A suffering adult is a child who has forgotten who he is.
A suicide note was found in Tom's pocket.
A suitable ointment should be used to combat the rash.
A sultan had three sons.
A sultanate since the 12th century, the Maldives became a British protectorate in 1887.
A summary contains the essence of a text.
A summary of his speech was printed in the newspaper.
A summer rain is pleasant, a rainy summer is hideous.
A summer storm was rolling in.
A summer zephyr gently stirred the girl's hair as she spoke.
A summons has been issued.
A summons was issued.
A sumo wrestler thinks nothing of consuming 20,000 calories a day.
A sunflower always points towards the sun.
A sunflower always reaches towards the sun.
A sunny day it was, this 30th of April of 2025. I walked several times to Tim Hortons café, here on Lulu Island, to enjoy various teas with oat milk, a Classic Lemonade, and a Turkey Bacon Club Sandwich. I went also to Starbucks café to enjoy an Iced Cherry Chai with oat milk. My Filipino friends, the baristas Anna and Jam, were there. At home, my family received a guest from Kenya: Moko. We talked about Swahili—or Kiswahili. She said that in neighbouring Zanzibar in Tanzania, one spoke a prestige dialect of Swahili. I recounted my fantasy of one day visiting Zanzibar. "Why not a safari tour?" she added. Yes, such would be nice, too—the fun countryside! Kenya is like the Philippines, we agreed, as many people might speak a local language, a regional language, a national language, and an international language. At home, in my bedroom, I could hear my Fijian neighbours, who are Cantonese, East Indian, and Black Caribbean in blending, chatting away!
A sunny weekend is perfect for a mountain getaway.
A sunset is a very pretty spectacle.
A super model came in and kissed Ziri.
A supermarket worker was physically assaulted and spat on by a woman who was angry at restrictions at the supermarket.
A supermoon appears up to 14% larger and 30% brighter than a normal full moon.
A supermoon can look up to 14% bigger and 30% brighter than a regular monthly full moon.
A supernova is the explosive death of a star, releasing massive energy.
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
A supervolcano is defined as a volcano that at one time erupted with a force of magnitude 8 on the Volcano Explosivity Index (VEI), which means it erupted more than 1,000 cubic kilometers of material.
A supportive atmosphere enhances collaboration among peers.
A supportive family structure benefits all its members.
A supportive work environment added to his desire.
A sure friend is seen in an unsure matter.
A sure method to be rich is to be born rich.
A surfeit of alternatives leads to a bad choice.
A surfer was eaten by a shark in Australia.
A surge in fake news around Southeast Asia, particularly bogus COVID-19 information, has prompted leaders to explore a regional crackdown after a suggestion from a Vietnamese security official.
A surge of adrenaline coursed through Anna's veins as she attempted to escape the warehouse, desperate to evade the dogs.
A surge of determination flooded over me, fueling my strength.
A surgeon at Treviglio hospital in Bergamo told Corriere della Sera newspaper that she has shorn off her long blond hair for fear that some virus may be on it.
A surgeon lives with Death, his inseparable companion - I walk hand in hand with him.
A surprise attack is almost impossible in this plain.
A surprise awaits us in the days to come.
A surprise visit is a pleasant surprise.
A surprise was in store for me at home.
A surprising number of interested people came.
A surprising number of people registered for this course.
A survey of 12,000 young people in 112 countries in April and May describes the devastating and disproportionate impact the pandemic is having on their education, training and job prospects.
A survey published in January by the foundation, which is associated with Spain's second largest bank, found most Spaniards polled reject the use of animals in circuses, bullfights and for use to research cosmetics.
A survey shows that many businessmen skip lunch.
A swallow flies over the roof.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
A swallow was flying above us.
A swan is a bird.
A swan is gliding toward the reeds.
A swarm of bees attacked Tom.
A swarm of bees attacked us without mercy.
A swarm of bees flew over my head.
A swarm of bees is buzzing around the beehive.
A swarm of birds crouched in the branches.
A swarm of flies want to eat your bread and fruit.
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
A swarm of insects hit the windows.
A swarm of locusts descended on the cornfield.
A swarm of mosquitoes followed him.
A swarm of wasps attacked the children.
A sweat bee landed on Tom's arm.
A sweet and sour dish is just what I need.
A sweet and sour meal is just what I need.
A sweet scent hung in the air.
A sweet smell was hanging in the air.
A sweet tongue, but a cruel heart.
A swelling has appeared on my neck.
A swept wing delays the onset of shockwaves at transonic speeds, improving the aerodynamic performance of high-speed jets.
A swine sees no sky.
A swiss child speaks 3 languages.
A syllabus is an outline and summary of topics to be covered in an education or training course.
A symbiotic star system is a binary star system that is composed of a red giant and a white dwarf.
A synchronized swimming group got started at the pool.
A synesthete can hear colors and see sounds.
A synod is a meeting of bishops, who make up the Church's leadership around the world.
A system of at least five exoplanets has been discovered by citizen scientists through a project called Exoplanet Explorers, part of the online platform Zooniverse, using data from NASA's Kepler space telescope.
A system that has been invented by a great man can be defended by small ones.
A systematic and complex plan was thought out to provide safety for the boys and teach them swimming, diving, boatwork, canoeing, and sailing.
A table for four, please.
A table for two, please.
A table has four legs.
A table has just become available. You can sit there.
A table has just become available. You can take a seat there.
A table has just become available. You can take your seats there.
A tablespoon or a teaspoon?
A tablet is a mobile computer with display, circuitry and battery in a single unit.
A tactical retreat is sometimes interpreted as cowardice.
A tale never loses in the telling.
A tale without love is like boudin without mustard.
A talent agency represents actors.
A talkative person is always letting the cat out of the bag and jeopardizing the interests of others.
A talking dictionary is no longer a fantasy.
A talking frog!
A tall boy is standing at the gate.
A tall building stands there.
A tall building was built next to my house.
A tall handsome man came in.
A tall man came up to me.
A tall man in a silver robe walked by.
A tall man intruded into my apartment with a gun.
A tall man went off from there in a hurry.
A tall man with a sallow complexion walked into the room and sat down next to Tom.
A tall mirror stood at head height over a dresser.
A tall tree hid his house from our view.
A tall tree projects its long shadow on the water.
A tall woman came along.
A tall, slim girl, "half-past sixteen," with serious gray eyes and hair which her friends called auburn, had sat down on the broad red sandstone doorstep of a Prince Edward Island farmhouse one ripe afternoon in August.
A tall, slim girl, half-past sixteen, with serious gray eyes and hair which her friends called auburn, had sat down on the broad red sandstone doorstep of a Prince Edward Island farmhouse one ripe afternoon in August.
A tame squirrel makes a nice pet.
A tangled hierarchy is a hierarchical consciousness system in which a strange loop appears.
A tangled web they weaved, as they practiced to deceive.
A tank cooked off after taking counterbattery fire.
A tank smashed into the bus.
A tanker is a ship carrying oil.
A tanker is a ship that carries crude oil.
A tanker is a ship that transports oil.
A tap threads the inside of a hole, a die threads the outside of a bolt.
A tapeworm can live in your intestines for years.
A tapir is a mammal with prehensile lips for eating tree foliage.
A taser could be a dangerous weapon.
A taser is not a toy.
A tasty spread can be made from the leftovers.
A tattered flag which continues to flutter in the wind.
A tattoo will stay on your body for the rest of your life.
A taxi drew up at the main gate.
A taxi drew up to me.
A taxi from the airport costs about $30.
A taxi from the airport costs about thirty dollars.
A taxi from the airport costs around $30.
A taxi from the airport costs around thirty dollars.
A taxi is expensive.
A taxi is more comfortable than the bus.
A taxi is more expensive than a bus.
A taxi is the same as a cab.
A taxi to the airport costs about $30.
A taxi to the airport costs about thirty dollars.
A taxi to the airport costs around $30.
A taxi to the airport costs around thirty dollars.
A tea taster from India’s lush, tea-growing region in Assam is happy that many of these places are pushing premium teas.
A tea with lemon, please.
A teacher can also teach classes of different subjects.
A teacher complained about my son.
A teacher invented a pill that gets rid of a hangover.
A teacher is sitting among the pupils.
A teacher is supposed to be a positive figure for you.
A teacher like that is not supposed to be around children.
A teacher may never laugh at a student who has made a mistake.
A teacher must be fair with his students.
A teacher must not laugh about a pupil who has made a mistake.
A teacher must not laugh at a pupil who made a mistake.
A teacher should never laugh about a pupil who has made a mistake.
A teacher should never laugh at a pupil who makes a mistake.
A teacher should never laugh at a student who makes a mistake.
A teacher should never laugh at his students' mistakes.
A teacher should never laugh at his students’ mistakes.
A teacher should never make fun of a pupil who makes a mistake.
A teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake.
A teacher should treat all students the same.
A teacher was advised to him.
A teacher's job isn't easy.
A teacher's pay is less than that of a lawyer.
A teacher's salary is less than an attorney's.
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.
A team at the University of the District of Columbia has created a rooftop garden on campus with a wide variety of vegetation to help absorb excess rainwater and grow food at the same time.
A team is a group of persons united by common work, study, interests.
A team is composed of eleven players.
A team is only as strong as its weakest member.
A team of Afghan teenage girls who were denied a visa to participate in a robotics contest in Washington say they will not be deterred and have sent their home-made robot to the contest.
A team of British scientists has discovered what is apparently a “strong correlation” between a person's beliefs and the structure of his or her brain.
A team of European astronomers has discovered a black hole 1,000 light years from Earth, the closest yet found to our solar system.
A team of Mexican entrepreneurs were the winners of the 2019 Hult Prize -- a $1 million award presented each year to aspiring young visionaries from around the world who are creating businesses with a positive social impact.
A team of archeologists has unearthed a city buried under the sands of Egypt that has lain “untouched for thousands of years, left by the ancient residents as if it were yesterday,” the team said in a statement Thursday.
A team of astronomers accidentally discovered a previously unseen dwarf galaxy hiding behind a globular star cluster.
A team of astronomers found evidence of a cataclysmic collision between the Milky Way and a dwarf galaxy some 8 to 10 billion years ago.
A team of choreographers worked with the dancers to prepare the performance.
A team of forensics experts Thursday opened the tomb of famed Spanish surrealist Salvador Dali to take DNA samples to settle a paternity suit.
A team of health officials will board the ship to conduct health checks on the 1,455 passengers and 802 crew members before they will be allowed to disembark.
A team of international researchers studied what would happen if African-Americans and rural South Africans swapped diets for two weeks. Colon cancer rates are much lower in rural South Africa, where people consume a high-fiber, low-fat diet typical of Africans.
A team of more than 80 experts, including archaeologists, engineers and restorers, worked on the Colosseum’s hypogeum for two years.
A team of paramedics is standing by.
A team of rangers were sent to investigate the cabin.
A team of scientists studying data from a satellite orbiting Mars say they have discovered evidence of several lakes of what they believe is salty, liquid water beneath the surface of the planet’s south pole.
A team of transatlantic scientists has discovered an Earth-size exoplanet orbiting in its star's habitable zone.
A team was dispatched to rescue them.
A tear ran down Tom's cheek.
A tear ran down from that eye.
A tear ran down her cheek.
A tear rolled down Tom's cheek.
A tear rolled down her cheek.
A teaspoon of ground cinnamon is about two grams.
A teaspoon, please.
A teaspoonful is less than a tablespoonful.
A technical error has occurred.
A technician will come to your house the day after tomorrow.
A technician will come to your house two days from now.
A teenager sometimes acts like a baby.
A telecoms company in South Africa launched a free mobile phone application last year to support targets of gender-based violence (GBV), which soared during the coronavirus pandemic.
A telephone call from him is probable tonight.
A telephone is more useful than a necklace.
A telephone is something you can't do without.
A telephone is something you can’t do without.
A telephone recording tells you what time the concert starts.
A telescope’s sensitivity, or how much detail it can see, is directly related to the size of the mirror that collects light from the objects being observed.
A television set used to be a luxury.
A temporary fix is unacceptable, in my opinion.
A temporary government was established.
A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.
A temporary slowdown of traffic has delayed our arrival, but we're still coming.
A temporary stage was set up in the park.
A temporary suspension has been imposed on discussion of this subject.
A temptation suddenly came over me to jump from the bridge into the river.
A ten thousand dollar fine? That's nothing.
A tenancy agreement is a legally binding document between a landlord and their tenant.
A tense is the way we speak about time.
A tent sirident.
A tent with a floor and a zipper is bug tight.
A term of office normally lasts for four years.
A terrible accident happened in his absence.
A terrible accident happened there.
A terrible accident happened yesterday on the highway.
A terrible battle took place at Kasserine in western Tunisia.
A terrible change came over the woman's face as I asked the question. Her features turned perfectly livid.
A terrible day.
A terrible demon lives in the forest.
A terrible fate awaited Tom.
A terrible fate awaited him.
A terrible fear came over her.
A terrible massacre took place in the Palestinian village of Tantura.
A terrible mistake has been made.
A terrible monster lived here earlier.
A terrible scream—a prolonged yell of horror and anguish burst out of the silence of the moor. That frightful cry turned the blood to ice in my veins.
A terrible storm is raging outside.
A terrible thing happened last week.
A terrible thing happened.
A terrible thing has happened.
A terrible tremor shook her from head to toe.
A terrible, almost illegible scrawl.
A terribly loud beep resounded - the microphone produced feedback.
A terrifying creature was lurking in the shadows.
A territory is the set of intersections that a player has managed to encircle with his stones in such a way that it has become impregnable.
A territory, that is, a group of empty intersections is conquered by surrounding it on all four sides (top, bottom, right, and left).
A terrorist to some is a freedom-fighter to others.
A tethered, careless, corrupt, and avaricious administration wasted time and caused expiration of the vigor and interest which his promotion of a new government had inflamed in the people.
A text could be coherent but not cohesive, and vice versa.
A text in Esperanto is written phonetically using an alphabet of 28 letters.
A text in Tagalog looks more handsome than in English.
A text prediction algorithm isn't artificial intelligence.
A text written with vocalisation helps in reading it more correctly and easily.
A theocracy engulfed the supernation and authorities forbade spaceflight for generations.
A theory must be followed by practice.
A thermocline is the transition layer between warmer mixed water at the ocean's surface and cooler deep water below.
A thick fog blanketed the city.
A thick fog delayed our flight.
A thick hedge surrounded the garden.
A thick layer of dust covered everything in the room.
A thick layer of dust lay everywhere.
A thick mist covered the countryside.
A thief believes everybody steals.
A thief broke in and made off with all my jewelry.
A thief broke into the house to steal the money.
A thief broke into the house while we were away.
A thief could have easily seen the note and stolen the laptop.
A thief crept in through the window.
A thief doesn't believe in honest people.
A thief doesn't like the moonlight, a villain doesn't like a good man.
A thief doesn't think honest people exist.
A thief doesn’t like the moonlight, a villain doesn’t like a good man.
A thief has broken into his apartment.
A thief has stolen my bag.
A thief knows a thief, and a wolf knows a wolf.
A thief lurked in the dark doorway.
A thief steals for a long time, but eventually he will hang.
A thief suddenly springs out of the dark.
A thief thinks everybody steals.
A thief thinks everyone steals.
A thimble can be very useful for sewing, if you don't want bleeding fingers.
A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.
A thin trickle ran into the glass pot.
A thin trickle ran into the glass vase.
A thing begun is half done.
A thing doesn't please God because it is good; rather, because it pleases God, it is good.
A thing is anything which is within reality. So in virtual reality, pens, chairs, avatars, worlds, etc., are all virtual things within virtual reality.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A thing like that doesn't upset me.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
A thing you might find in Mexico is the amount of violence that has existed in its history. Along with that, another thing you could find is the normalization of violence.
A thing you ought to have is friends, buddy!
A thing you should have is friends, buddy!
A thinking person doesn't give the same answer to the same question throughout his whole life.
A third cousin is the great-granddaughter of the brother or sister of a great-grandparent.
A third is less than a half.
A third of Switzerland's territory is covered in forests.
A third of the earth's surface is desert.
A third of the prisoners have escaped.
A third of this country's inhabitants is illiterate.
A third party makes off with the profits.
A thistle is like a prickly person, lots of spines.
A thorn fence surrounds the village.
A thorough investigation is now in progress.
A thorough search revealed the fact that nothing had been taken but Clayton's two revolvers and the small supply of ammunition he had saved out for them.
A thought bubble appeared over Tom's head.
A thought occurred to me.
A thousand South Korean Won equals about 0.88 US dollars.
A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
A thousand emotions invaded me.
A thousand incoherent ideas swirled around my mind.
A thousand meters is a kilometer.
A thousand meters is one kilometer.
A thousand meters makes a kilometer.
A thousand metres is a kilometre.
A thousand metres is one kilometre.
A thousand million adults are illiterate.
A thousand pardons for coming into your house so late.
A thousand people came to the party.
A thousand possibilities invite us to a new life.
A thousand thanks for your kindness.
A thousand thoughts assailed me.
A thousand woodpeckers flew in through the window and settled themselves on Pinocchio's nose. They pecked and pecked so hard at that enormous nose that in a few moments, it was the same size as before.
A thousand years from now man will still be sighing, “Oh! Life is so hard!” and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
A thousand years make up a millennium.
A thousand years makes a millennium.
A thousand yen discount is a pretty great deal, no?
A thousand yen is owed to you.
A thousand yen will do.
A thread in my shirt got caught on something. I gave it a little pull and ruined the whole shirt.
A threat can often work wonders.
A threat is not a worldview.
A three-handed monster came out of the wardrobe.
A three-person crew from the International Space Station has returned to Earth following a nearly 200-day stint in space.
A three-person team is undertaking a 40,000-kilometre motorcycle journey from the Arctic Circle in Alaska to the southern tip of South America.
A three-room apartment suits our family nicely.
A three-year-old boy and an 88-year-old woman have been rescued after being buried under rubble.
A thriving middle class has started to emerge in Algeria.
A throng of journalists and photographers stood before her.
A thumbnail is a sample of an image or printed page that has been reduced in size to improve visibility when it's displayed.
A thunderbolt is likely to fall any minute.
A thunderous shot rattled the crossbar.
A thunderstorm hit the island.
A tic-tac-toe game is usually played with X's and O's.
A tic-tac-toe match is usually quick.
A tick is a hematophagous mite.
A ticket inspector got on the bus and kicked Ziri off.
A tide gauge measures changes in sea level relative to a datum (a height reference).
A tide gauge, which is one component of a modern water level monitoring station, is fitted with sensors that continuously record the height of the surrounding water level.
A tidy kitchen makes meal preparation more enjoyable and efficient.
A tidy room reflects a responsible and disciplined person.
A tiger appears near here.
A tiger ate Tom.
A tiger attacked Tom.
A tiger has been hunting us.
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.
A tiger is a beast of prey.
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal.
A tiger is bigger and stronger than a cat.
A tiger is larger and stronger than a cat.
A tiger killed Tom.
A tiger never changes his stripes.
A tiger runs fast, but an antelope runs faster.
A tiger surprised by a hedgehog will bow before the chestnut burrs.
A tiger will attack people when it is hungry.
A tiger will attack people when it's hungry.
A tiger wouldn't make a good pet.
A tight belt interferes with circulation of the blood.
A tight belt will interfere with circulation of the blood.
A tight race is expected.
A tile fell on my head.
A tile that had slipped out of a roofer's hand fell from the roof and killed Tom, who was walking through the work site without a helmet.
A time bomb went off at the airport and killed 13 people.
A time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people.
A time will come when you will regret your action.
A time will soon come when people can enjoy space travel.
A time without wars may come.
A timely snow promises a good harvest.
A timely word is a great strength.
A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder, and he carried a green butterfly-net in one of his hands.
A tinfoil hat won't save you from what's coming.
A tiny bird became Tom's best friend.
A tiny bird just flew into my window and died.
A tiny fishing boat was drifting slowly along.
A tiny gnome suddenly appeared.
A tiny leveret was the meagre yield of the exhausting hunt.
A tiny object moved in the dark.
A tiny spark may become a great conflagration.
A tiny spark may become a great flame.
A tiny twig was growing from the tree's bark.
A tip came in that Tom was about to skip town.
A tire on the car blew.
A tiring job gives you a life.
A titmouse is a bird.
A toad looked out of every fold in her dress, croaking like an asthmatic pug dog.
A toast to your 20th Anniversary!
A toast to your future!
A toast wasn't needed; we got right to drinking.
A toilet is made for taking shit, not for smoking!
A tomato is a fruit.
A tomato is a red vegetable.
A tomato is a vegetable.
A tomb now suffices him for whom the whole world was not sufficient.
A ton of people don't like him and he's fine with it.
A tongue is the most venomous thing of all.
A tonsillectomy is a very simple procedure.
A tooth can be replaced with an implant.
A toothache deprived me of sleep.
A toothache kept me awake all night.
A toothache kept me from sleeping.
A toothless mouth can't help but smile.
A top Chinese health official said Friday the country was moving full steam ahead to develop vaccines for the coronavirus.
A top hat, well brushed and trim, was placed upon the floor beside him.
A top-class shearer can shear up to 150 sheep in one day.
A top-secret report details Russian hacking effort days before the election.
A topic like death is never something to joke about.
A topic like death is not something to take lightly.
A topic like death is too serious a topic to ever joke about it.
A topic like death isn't something that one should laugh about and isn't supposed to be something laughable.
A topic such as death should never be a matter for laugh.
A topic such as death shouldn't be dealt with lightly.
A topless feminist was arrested outside the Vatican.
A torch is definitely necessary in this dark basement.
A tornado and a hurricane are two different things.
A tornado destroyed Tom's house.
A tornado formed and destroyed everything in the area.
A tornado happened in the area.
A tornado is coming in.
A torpedo is an underwater missile.
A torpedo sunk the ship Tom's grandfather was on.
A torpedo sunk the ship that Tom's grandfather was on.
A torrent of rain fell all night.
A torrential downpour fell on the coast.
A tortoise being able to outrun a hare was of course not actually unheard of, but considered nonetheless rather unlikely.
A total eclipse is only visible from a narrow strip (about 150 km wide) of the Earth's surface at any one time.
A total of 190.7 million global COVID-19 cases and more than 4 million deaths from the virus have been recorded since the pandemic began, according to the coronavirus resource center at Johns Hopkins University.
A total of 300 people died.
A total of 46 countries recognize Western Sahara.
A total of twelve candidates competed in the elections.
A total solar eclipse, or a complete blocking out of the Sun's light, can only be seen by those who live in the area covered by the umbra. People who live in the area of the Earth covered by the penumbra will see a partial eclipse.
A totally lawless state will be quite lawful carried through space and time.
A totally ordered set is often called a "chain".
A touch of nervousness is besetting me because I have a German exam tomorrow.
A touchdown is worth 6 points.
A tough decision needs to be made.
A tourist came up to me and asked how to get to the railway station.
A tourist came up to me and asked the way to the railway station.
A tourist died after falling off a cliff.
A towel is hanging on the hook.
A toxic co-worker would make your life incredibly difficult at work.
A track wound its way across the field.
A trade delegation has gone to Japan ahead of the Prime Minister to crunch the numbers with their Japanese counterparts.
A traditional Irish flute carried the melody in the introduction of Titanic's theme song.
A traditional Mongolian cultural festival — which features horseback racing, wrestling and archery — will be the highlight of Kerry's visit to promote cultural and people-to-people relations with Mongolia.
A traffic accident caused us a lot of trouble.
A traffic accident deprived him of the use of his left hand.
A traffic accident happened there.
A traffic accident took place this morning.
A traffic policeman signals directions to drivers by waving his hands and arms.
A tragedy befell Lorenzo’s family.
A tragedy happened.
A tragedy occurred.
A tragic accident cost the life of Damiano and Rima.
A train can hide another one.
A train has just passed by.
A train horn sounded from afar.
A train is arriving at the station.
A train is coming from the village.
A train is coming to the railway station.
A train is going to leave soon.
A train journey from Algiers to Oran may take more than four hours.
A train leaves this station every two hours.
A train or a bus would take too long. We need to take a plane.
A train went off the rails near here.
A train will shortly be approaching platform 4. For your safety, please stand behind the yellow line.
A traitor like you is totally undeserving of considering himself a son of Ath Yenni.
A tram collided with a bus in the centre of the town.
A tram derailed.
A tramp is rummaging through the garbage can.
A tranquilizer dart hit Tom.
A trans woman sentenced to a men's prison for theft was raped thousands of times in what she described as "hell on Earth."
A trans woman with breast cancer may need to see a gynecologist.
A transatlantic ship crosses the oceans.
A transcendent God, like Allah or the Christian Trinity, exists outside spacetime, crafting it from nothing (ex nihilo). Extraterrestrials, no matter how godlike, likely evolved within the universe’s 13.8-billion-year history. Even if they predate humanity by eons or live in higher dimensions (a sci-fi staple), they’re bound by physicality or some form of existence tied to the cosmos. Could they fake transcendence? Maybe—imagine them projecting a voice from the sky or rewriting physics locally. But true transcendence implies being uncaused, eternal, and limitless, beyond even the wildest alien capabilities.
A transcript is an official record of the courses you took and grades you received in high school, college or graduate school.
A transformer converts alternating current to direct current for use in electronics.
A transformer explosion at an electrical facility illuminated the New York City skyline in a blaze of blue light Thursday night.
A translation error led to an international incident.
A translation is always also an interpretation.
A translation is like a woman. If beautiful, then unfaithful. If faithful, then probably not beautiful.
A translation is like toilet paper: you don't think about it until you need it.
A translation is no translation, unless it will give you the music of a poem along with the words of it.
A translation was demanded.
A translation widget compatible with the Safari browser is required.
A translator can't work without his dictionaries.
A translator has to be detailed.
A transmitter encodes a message onto electromagnetic waves through modulation, which changes properties of the wave to represent the data.
A trapezium is a quadrilateral with two parallel sides.
A travel agent arranged everything for our trip.
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you.
A traveler trying to get out of Italy, where the coronavirus outbreak seemed to balloon overnight, described a scene where tourists and students scrambled to find a flight out of Florence.
A traveling woman lets her heart travel as well.
A treasure of more than 900 gold sovereigns was found hidden under the keys of the piano.
A treat can often work wonders.
A treatment was almost impossible.
A treatment will cure the disease.
A treaty is, as it were, a contract between countries.
A treaty to eliminate HFCs globally, known as the Kigali Amendment, is ratified by 115 countries.
A treaty was signed.
A trebuchet is a siege weapon similar to a catapult.
A tree affected by the bark beetle, like a rock, crumbles.
A tree behind Antonio fell, making him jump.
A tree branch broke off and fell to the ground.
A tree branch fell off.
A tree fell on Tom's car.
A tree fell on Tom's house.
A tree fell on my new car and I had to junk it.
A tree fell on the road and blocked it.
A tree had fallen down, blocking the path.
A tree has fallen across Park Street, blocking traffic.
A tree has fallen over.
A tree is beautiful, but what's more, it has a right to life; like water, the sun and the stars, it is essential. Life on earth is inconceivable without trees. Forests create climate, climate influences peoples' character, and so on and so forth. There can be neither civilization nor happiness if forests crash down under the axe.
A tree is green.
A tree is known by its fruit.
A tree is known by its fruits.
A tree needs sunshine.
A tree stands in front of the house.
A tree that doesn't bear fruit can still provide shade.
A tree that doesn't produce fruit does, however, provide shade.
A tree this size processes eighteen kilos of carbon dioxide a day.
A tree trunk has fallen across the road.
A trepanned skull was also discovered in a Neolithic sepulchre near Crécy-sur-Morin, where lay no less than thirty skeletons, remarkable for the strongly defined section of the tibiae, whilst around were strewn hatchets, flint knives, bones, stilettos and picks of siliceous limestone with handles made of pieces of stag-horn.
A trial date has yet to be set.
A trial date hasn't been set yet.
A trial date hasn't been set.
A trial date hasn't yet been set.
A trial date was set.
A trial is a formal inquiry designed to prove and put upon record the blameless characters of judges, advocates and jurors.
A trial is underway to see whether drugs commonly used to manage heart disease in the general population, like statin medications, benefit people infected with HIV.
A triangle has 3 corners, and a hexagon has 6 corners.
A triangle has three angles, and a hexagon has six angles.
A triangle has three angles.
A triangle has three corners and is triangular.
A triangle is a shape with three sides.
A triathlon is a forbidding test of endurance.
A tribe of natives once honored Christopher Columbus with an all-he-could-eat feast. Years of famine followed.
A trickle of blood ran down his neck.
A trickle of blood ran from her temple down her cheek.
A tricorn trimmed with gold lace was set at a rakish angle over a wig of white curls that dropped down to his waist.
A trilogy usually has three parts.
A trio of astronomers has discovered a tiny star that could be one of the oldest stars in the universe. At 13.5 billion years old, this low-mass star’s body is mostly made up of just the elements created by the Big Bang only 300 million years earlier.
A trip abroad is out of the question.
A trip by boat takes longer than by car.
A trip by boat takes more time than one by car.
A trip can create some beautiful memories for your family.
A trip to Algiers is not very expensive.
A trip to America is out of the question.
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
A trip to Boston should do you good.
A trip to Ghatkopar and back using the Metro costs ₹55.
A trip to Hawaii costs around 200 dollars.
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
A trip to Hokkaido is not a trip to Hokkaido unless you try the seafood.
A trip to Korea for 3 nights and four days is 30,000 yen. That's super cheap.
A trip to Mars may become possible in my lifetime.
A trip to Mars would be a once in a lifetime experience.
A trip to the Moon is no longer a dream.
A trip to the Riviera should do you good.
A triple-drug therapy has been found to be highly effective in treating the life-threatening disorder.
A trivial problem does not require a long cogitation.
A trivial problem doesn't require long contemplation.
A troll lives under that bridge.
A trombonist by trade, Harry sometimes doubles on the euphonium.
A trophic cascade led to an increase in livestock attacks as predators sought out alternative sources of food.
A trouble arose after school.
A trout from the river pool, a staff from the wood, and a deer from the moor - "thefts" of which no Gael was ever ashamed.
A truce if we stay; if we leave or advance, war.
A truck almost hit Tom.
A truck almost hit me.
A truck almost ran me over.
A truck arrived.
A truck came into contact with the bridge supports.
A truck crashed into the flower shop near my house.
A truck driver crashed into a garage door on the premises of our firm.
A truck driver picked Sami up.
A truck driver picked Tom up.
A truck followed Ziri.
A truck full of German soldiers passed by.
A truck got stuck on the railroad crossing.
A truck got stuck on the railway crossing.
A truck had suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
A truck hit Tom and he died instantly.
A truck hit Tom's car.
A truck hit Tom.
A truck hit a cow.
A truck hit some children at a bus stop and one of them died.
A truck hit some kids at a bus stop and one of them died.
A truck hit the dog.
A truck knocked over a light pole and a traffic light.
A truck nearly ran me over.
A truck pulled up in front of Claudio's house.
A truck ran Tom down.
A truck ran over our dog.
A truck rear-ended Tom's car.
A truck selling kerosene came.
A truck stopped crosswise in the middle of the road.
A truck stopped next to Daniel.
A truck typically uses more gas than a car.
A truck was blocking the bridge.
A truck was careering along the road.
A truck was coming the other way.
A truck was rushing down the road.
A truck was speeding down the road and lost control.
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
A trucker nearly froze to death on the road.
A true Christian is pure in heart.
A true Englishman never jests about anything so serious as a wager.
A true German can't stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
A true German can’t stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
A true Kabyle would never insult the Algerian flag.
A true democracy allows free speech.
A true friend is a great treasure.
A true friend is hard to find.
A true friend is someone who'll help you move.
A true friend is someone who, despite seeing your smile, feels your soul crying.
A true friend just tells it like it is.
A true friend would advise you.
A true friend would have acted differently.
A true friend would have helped me.
A true friend would have helped.
A true friend would have warned you.
A true friend would never forget me.
A true friend would not betray you.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
A true friend would've acted differently.
A true friend would've helped me.
A true friend would've helped.
A true friend would've warned you.
A true friend wouldn't do that.
A true friend wouldn't have done that.
A true friend would’ve helped me.
A true friend, who dares to tell us our faults, is the greatest present of gods.
A true friendship is more valuable than money.
A true friendship will last forever.
A true gentleman must not keep a lady waiting.
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.
A true heart should never be doubted.
A true love story never ends.
A true sacrifice is a false sacrifice.
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.
A true scientist would not distort facts.
A true scientist would not think like that.
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.
A true scientist wouldn’t think like that.
A truffle is a fungus which lives in symbiosis with the roots of certain plants, such as oak, hazel, beech, poplar and willow trees.
A truly great man is always modest.
A truly incredible queen sacrifice was made by Kevin Spragett against Fred South in Ontario 1976: 1.e4 Nc6 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 Bg4 4.d5 Ne5 5.Nxe5 Bxd1. Black gave up on the nineteenth move.
A trust fund has been set up for each of the children.
A trusting relationship encourages open communication.
A truth can only take effect when the recipient is ripe for it.
A truth that's told with bad intent, beats all the lies you can invent.
A truthful politician? Pull the other one!
A tsunami has passed nearby.
A tsunami is a series of waves caused by earthquakes or undersea volcanic eruptions.
A tsunami is coming in.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
A tsunami warning has been issued in Chile after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck 49 miles off the coast.
A tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap.
A tuft of hair was showing from beneath her cap.
A tuft of hair was showing from under her hat.
A tumbleweed rolled across the deserted road.
A tumor formed in Boldi's brain.
A tumor of the hypophysis can cause hypopituitarism.
A tumor of the pituitary gland can cause hypopituitarism.
A tunnel has been bored through the mountain.
A tunnel occupies a three-dimensional space.
A turban is a piece of cloth-based headwear worn by people in various cultures, often also serving as a religious observance.
A turbofan engine is the most modern variation of the basic gas turbine engine.
A turkey is a large bird whose flesh, when eaten on certain religious anniversaries, has the peculiar property of attesting piety and gratitude.
A turkey is a little bigger than a chicken.
A turkey is much bigger than a chicken.
A turtleneck in Athens in spring? I will melt.
A tusk is essentially just a giant tooth.
A twig snapped beneath the foot of the boy running home.
A twin bed is designed to hold a single person.
A twink performed a blowjob on me.
A two-legged donkey can become general and remain a donkey.
A two-meter-long live crocodile has been found in a garden greenhouse in Sweden's third largest city, Malmö.
A typescript is a typed manuscript.
A typhoon has also started to rise.
A typhoon hit Tokyo on Wednesday with strong winds and heavy rains stopping public transportation.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
A typhoon is coming, so be careful.
A typhoon is coming.
A typhoon prevented us from going on our trip to Okinawa.
A typhoon's coming.
A typical Bavarian breakfast consists of white sausage, wheat beer and pretzels.
A typical byte is eight bits, meaning eight 1s and 0s.
A typical example of a field is provided by the real numbers.
A typical male, Tom is only interested in one thing.
A typical nurse will do such things as helping with a urinal bottle, and shaving in preparation for surgery!
A typical school day for Elon University junior Skyler Sajewski began at 7 a.m., starting with ballet, history, economics and tap classes, then rehearsal for the upcoming musical.
A typical size colony, made up of about 20,000 bees, collects about 125 pounds of pollen per year.
A typical summer Catholic school uniform for girls consists of a short-sleeved blouse together with a kilt (plaid skirt) or culottes, sometimes additionally including a pair of brief shorts to be worn under kilts for modesty.
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious.
A unanimous agreement is needed.
A unicycle has one wheel.
A unicycle has only one wheel.
A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
A uniform resource locator is a mechanism for specifying names of files.
A unique exhibition called “Ballerina: Fashion’s Modern Muse” recently opened in New York’s Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology.
A unique fossil of a tropical plant was found recently.
A university degree is the ticket to a successful career.
A university job would give you a lot more free time.
A university thesis describes the "Orientalism" that imbues sci-fi in the West.
A useful idiot or useful fool is a pejorative description of a person, suggesting that the person thinks they are fighting for a cause without fully comprehending the consequences of their actions, and who does not realise they are being manipulated by the cause's leaders or by other political players.
A useful soldier is one that knows how to obey an order.
A user experience designer creates user-friendly websites.
A user should have freedom with respect to both hardware and software. An operating system should be open, not closed.
A utters locution B, meaning illocution C, and resulting in perlocution D.
A vacation will do you lots of good.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs 12 Euros and a bit.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs a bit over 12 Euros.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs a bit over 12 euros.
A vacuum cleaner bag like this costs just over 12 euros.
A valid ID card is required to enter.
A valise of this size is very handy.
A valley is like a bowl.
A valuable object decreases in value if it is damaged.
A vampire can paralyze people just by looking at them.
A vampire emerged and started attacking Edmundo.
A vampire lives here for sure.
A van parked halfway up the street is selling chip butties.
A variable of global scope can be referenced anywhere in the program.
A variety of birds fly into my garden every morning, some in search of food, and some to warble in the shade, for the boughs grow very thick, and three fountains water the cool retreat.
A variety of books are displayed there.
A variety of celery, called celeriac, is cultivated in certain European countries, notably Germany, the root only, which is large and fleshy, being eaten.
A variety of creatures can be seen under the water.
A variety of drinks were available for the guests.
A variety of films delve into such themes.
A variety of health conditions can rob people of their ability to speak, including stroke, a neuromuscular disease called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or Lou Gehrig’s disease, and locked-in syndrome, in which individuals are completely awake and aware of their surroundings but unable to move or communicate with the outside world.
A variety of people gathered at the meeting.
A vase fell from the table.
A vase fell off the table.
A vase of frost-bleached ferns and ruby-red maple leaves adorned the table.
A vasectomy is a life-changing decision.
A vast bedlam of sound flies up to my window, and above all is the immense whistling of unseen and unfelt winds.
A vast desert lay before us.
A vast forest covers the mountains.
A vast majority of people approve of the plan.
A vast plain extends beyond the river.
A vector is a unit vector if its norm is 1.
A vector quantity has two characteristics, a magnitude and a direction.
A vegan diet is no guarantee of a good diet, unless the only goal is to avoid killing animals.
A vegan is someone who is concerned about the welfare and continued existence of all living beings, and is NOT just someone who doesn't consume animal products.
