She was dwindling and fading before our eyes.
She was dying inside.
She was dying of boredom.
She was dying to talk to someone about it all.
She was dying.
She was eager to feed the birds.
She was eager to go home.
She was eager to impress him.
She was early for her appointment.
She was eased of her duties.
She was eating a croissant.
She was eating a sandwich.
She was eating by herself at a corner table.
She was eating like a little bird.
She was eating.
She was ecstatic after she successfully landed on her first attempt.
She was ecstatic.
She was educated at a state school.
She was educated by her aunt.
She was educated by her grandfather.
She was educated in the United States.
She was elated by the molybdenum assay of the ore sample from her claim.
She was elected chairman of the committee.
She was elected earlier this year.
She was elected to the Senate in 2008.
She was embarrassed at what she had said.
She was embarrassed by his sudden appearance.
She was embarrassed by the incident.
She was embarrassed due to her father’s modesty.
She was embarrassed.
She was enchanted by his little laugh.
She was enchantingly beautiful.
She was encouraged by the news.
She was encouraged on hearing the news.
She was encumbered with two heavy suitcases.
She was engaged as an interpreter.
She was engaged in some interesting work when I arrived.
She was engrossed in her work.
She was enjoying the rising sun that was just now shining on her.
She was enrolled at the last moment.
She was entertained by the pictures I showed her.
She was envious of her cousin's success.
She was envious of her cousin’s success.
She was equal to the job.
She was especially selected for the post.
She was even more surprised when she heard Miss Baker say, "Excuse me, but may I change places with you?"
She was everything to me.
She was evicted from her apartment.
She was evicted.
She was evidently troubled by the announcement.
She was evidently well.
She was evil.
She was exactly like a child. She wanted to be with me always.
She was examined thoroughly.
She was excited.
She was excommunicated.
She was excused attendance at the meeting.
She was exhausted.
She was exiled from her country.
She was expecting him to come by himself.
She was expecting that to happen.
She was expelled from school for fighting.
She was expelled from the school.
She was expelled from the summer camp because she kissed her friend.
She was experiencing a lot of difficulties.
She was experiencing many difficulties.
She was explaining that.
She was extremely anxious about them.
She was extremely forward.
She was extremely smart and charming.
She was eyeing the girl's beautiful ring.
She was eyeing the girl’s beautiful ring.
She was faithful to her promise.
She was faking.
She was falling more and more in love with him.
She was falling prey to panic.
She was falsely accused.
She was familiar with a good portion of that airport.
She was famous.
She was farting.
She was fascinated by Islam.
She was fascinated by that Chinese dress.
She was fascinated.
She was fast asleep.
She was fat the last time I saw her.
She was fat, and holding a monkey.
She was fatter ten years ago than she is now.
She was fed up with having to repeat herself all the time.
She was fed up with her “job” as stay-at-home mother.
She was fed up.
She was feeding the birds in the park.
She was feeding the fish.
She was feedingt he homeless.
She was feeling a mixture of anxiety and happiness.
She was feeling all alone.
She was feeling desperate.
She was feeling down in the dumps.
She was feeling exhausted.
She was feeling kind of tired.
She was feeling pain.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father’s sudden death.
She was filled with grief at the news of her sister's death.
She was filled with grief at the news of her sister’s death.
She was filled with jealousy.
She was finding this new acquaintance most attractive, despite the forwardness of her manner, for there was the jolliest of smiles constantly breaking out on the round, freckled face, and the blue eyes expressed a deal of admiration for this city girl, so unlike herself in manner and appearance.
She was fine before lunch, but felt bad afterwards.
She was fine.
She was fined 10 dollars for that.
She was fined for running a red light.
She was finished.
She was fired from her job.
She was fired in no time.
She was fired on the grounds that she was often absent.
She was fired without notice.
She was fired.
She was first to break the ice.
She was first.
She was fishing.
She was flabbergasted.
She was flirtatious.
She was flirting.
She was fluent in Berber.
She was fluent in French.
She was following Mina.
She was following him.
She was fond of going to parties, as was her mother when she was young.
She was fond of poetry and music.
She was fond of talking about herself.
She was fond of the place and would have returned there after the Holocaust if it hadn't been Soviet-occupied.
She was fondling the cat.
She was fooled.
She was forced into marriage.
She was forced to bid her hometown farewell.
She was forced to confess.
She was forced to get involved in this matter.
She was forced to get married.
She was forced to give up the plan.
She was forced to give up.
She was forced to go there.
She was forced to resign.
She was forced to retrace her steps.
She was forced to say farewell to the city of her birth.
She was forced to sell her farm.
She was forced to work there for ten years.
She was formerly a bank clerk.
She was fortunate to pass the exam.
She was forty years old.
She was forty, but she appeared older.
She was forty, but she looked older.
She was forty.
She was found dead in her bed.
She was found dead in her garage.
She was found dead in her office.
She was found dead in her room.
She was found guilty.
She was found hacked to death.
She was found mysteriously murdered.
She was found strung up surrounded by a ring of flames.
She was framed.
She was free.
She was freezing.
She was frequently late for school.
She was friends with both Tom and Mary.
She was frightened by the earnestness of his manner.
She was frightened to see the black cat.
She was from Algeria.
She was from Eriskay.
She was from Kyoto, as was evident from her accent.
She was from a very Orthodox family.
She was frustrated.
She was full of joy.
She was fully clothed.
She was fully guaranteed her liberty.
She was furious with Skura.
She was furious with her sister.
She was furious.
She was further in debt than she was willing to admit.
She was gaping at their quarrel.
She was genuinely surprised.
She was genuinely worried about him.
She was gesturing towards the tree.
She was getting all the guys' attention.
She was getting distracted.
She was getting dressed.
She was getting extra money.
She was getting impatient.
She was getting into the cab.
She was getting ready for leaving home.
She was getting ready for that party.
She was getting used to queer things happening.
She was getting worse and worse.
She was given a blood transfusion.
She was given a chance.
She was given a hundred lashes.
She was given a ticket.
She was given another day.
She was given away by her eyes.
She was given everything she needed.
She was given five minutes.
She was given one more day.
She was given some food.
She was given some money.
She was given the books as gifts.
She was giving a speech at the park.
She was giving away free hot dogs.
She was giving old food to the homeless.
She was glad of my company.
She was glad she got there early.
She was glad to have Jim say her name.
She was glad to hear him say that.
She was going through a very difficult time.
She was going to another school.
She was going to call Mom.
She was going to do that herself.
She was going to e-mail my teacher.
She was going to get caught.
She was going to have a fit.
She was going to, but she decided not to.
She was going up a ladder.
She was gone without a trace.
She was good at her job.
She was good at mathematics in high school.
She was good for nothing.
She was good-hearted.
She was gorgeous.
She was graded up.
She was graduating middle school.
She was granted permission to visit the prisoners.
She was great.
She was greedy for love.
She was green with envy.
She was green with jealousy.
She was gripped by an unsettling feeling.
She was grousing about having to go back to work.
She was growing.
She was guiltless, and her story—with the exceptions hinted at—is told very prettily, with an unaffected naturalism which is rare, and with many charming little poetic interludes.
She was guilty of spreading lies about him.
She was hailed for her virtuous and selfless demeanor.
She was hand-washing a shirt.
She was handcuffed.
She was happy and sad all at once.
She was happy because her dream came true.
She was happy because her dream had come true.
She was happy because she passed the exam.
She was happy for some time.
She was happy that she had fulfilled her dream.
She was happy that she passed the exam.
She was happy to be home again.
She was happy to be introduced to him at the party.
She was happy to come, but she was on holiday.
She was happy to have fulfilled her dream.
She was happy to think that she had saved his life when he was drifting about on the waves, half dead.
She was happy with her work.
She was happy with the new dress.
She was happy.
She was hard at work writing letters.
She was hard on him.
She was having a dream.
She was having a hard time speaking.
She was having a hard time swimming.
She was having a nightmare.
She was having breakfast in the cabin.
She was having breakfast.
She was having her period.
She was having lunch.
She was having the time of her life.
She was having trouble booting from the USB.
She was head over heels for him.
She was heading away from the town.
She was heading to the airport.
She was healthy.
She was heard playing the violin.
She was heard to criticize the manager.
She was heard to cry for help.
She was heard to cry.
She was heard to sing to the piano.
She was heartbroken because of him.
She was heartbroken when she saw her.
She was held accountable.
She was held hostage in a parking garage.
She was held hostage.
She was helped.
She was helping an old man across the street.
She was helping an old man cross the street.
She was helping an old woman across the street.
She was helping an old woman cross the street.
She was her daddy's little girl.
She was here a minute ago, but I don't know where she is now.
She was here a minute ago, but where she is now I don't know.
She was here a minute ago.
She was here a moment ago, but I don't know where she is now.
She was here a while ago.
She was here at school.
She was here earlier, wasn't she?
She was here in Dallas.
She was here, wasn't she?
She was here.
She was hesitant.
She was hiding a dark secret.
She was hiding a secret from the town.
She was hiding behind a door.
She was hiding her true feelings.
She was hired on my recommendation.
She was hired to play in her nation's handball team.
She was hired.
She was his first love.
She was his friend.
She was his idol, someone he deeply admired.
She was his married mistress.
She was his mentor.
She was his new girlfriend.
She was hit by a bolt of electricity.
She was hit by a bus when she was crossing the street.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
She was hit by a car.
She was hit by a truck.
She was hit.
She was hoarse from all the shouting.
She was holding a jug in her hand.
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.
She was holding a torch in one hand and an adjustable spanner in the other.
She was holding an umbrella.
She was home-schooled.
She was home.
She was homesick.
She was honest with her.
She was honest with him.
She was honest.
She was hopeful for a solution.
She was hopeless.
She was hoping he could help her.
She was hoping she could do that.
She was hoping she could win.
She was hoping she'd win.
She was hoping to hear that.
She was hoping we'd do that for her.
She was horrified by what happened.
She was horrified.
She was hostile to any attempt at reconciliation.
She was hostile to any attempts at rapprochement.
She was hot and fanned herself.
She was hot.
She was humiliated by him.
She was humiliated.
She was humming a song to herself when she heard a knock at the door.
She was humming away to herself.
She was humming some song or other.
She was humming to herself.
She was hung up on him.
She was hungry as a wolf.
She was hungry enough to eat anything.
She was hungry.
She was hurrying the hell up.
She was hurt in the accident.
She was hurt in the incident.
She was hurt to find that nobody took any notice of her.
She was hurt.
She was hypnotized by the flame.
She was hysterically crying.
She was identified.
She was idly looking out of the window.
She was idly turning over the pages of a magazine.
She was ill for a long time.
She was ill for a week.
She was ill for three weeks.
She was ill with heart disease.
She was ill yesterday.
She was immediately attracted to him.
She was immediately rushed to the hospital.
She was impatient for him to return.
She was impatient to know his address.
She was impatient to leave the party.
She was impatient to see her family.
She was impossible to ignore.
She was impressed by his skills.
She was impressed by what she saw.
She was impressed with the altruistic service of nurses.
She was impressed with what she saw.
She was impressed.
She was imprisoned in the basement.
She was improving on her results.
She was in Algeria.
She was in America last month.
She was in France.
She was in Kabylie, Algeria, and she felt lonely.
She was in Kabylie.
She was in London two years ago.
She was in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
She was in a bad mood for the rest of the day.
She was in a bad mood.
She was in a bad mood; she must have been put off by something that had happened before I arrived.
She was in a bad temper.
She was in a buoyant mood.
She was in a car.
She was in a celebratory, joyous mood.
She was in a good mood.
She was in a great hurry.
She was in a green coat and matching mini-skirt.
She was in a hurry to catch the bus, so she didn't stop to talk with him.
She was in a hurry to go home.
She was in a hurry to see her father.
She was in a hurry to see the new baby.
She was in a hurry.
She was in a panic and yelled something inarticulate.
She was in a piteous state.
She was in a position to decide where to go.
She was in a pretty rural dress of white; a few wild flowers were twisted in her fine hair; a fresh bloom was on her cheek; her whole countenance beamed with smiles.
She was in a right old huff, mainly because we'd started eating without her.
She was in a sad state.
She was in a silk dress.
She was in a very bad car accident where she was thrown out of the car.
She was in agony.
She was in an abyss of despair.
She was in an uncomfortable predicament today.
She was in bed during the morning reading a book.
She was in charge of the office while I was away on a trip to Kyoto for a week.
She was in deep sadness because her dog died.
She was in despair after her child died.
She was in despair when her husband died.
She was in dire straits, but made a virtue out of necessity.
She was in doubt about the ability of her husband.
She was in for a long wait.
She was in good health last summer.
She was in great shape.
She was in handcuffs.
She was in her beautiful Kabyle dress.
She was in her bed asleep.
She was in her bedroom, studying.
She was in her bedroom.
She was in her cups.
She was in her office all morning.
She was in her office at that time.
She was in her room by herself.
She was in her room.
She was in her thirties.
She was in high school back then.
She was in high school.
She was in jail.
She was in love with me, but I wasn't in love with her.
She was in love.
She was in middle school.
She was in my room.
She was in no humor for lunch.
She was in no shape to lie to the teacher.
She was in pain.
She was in prison.
She was in shock.
She was in such a happy mood.
She was in such a hurry that she left her umbrella behind on the train.
She was in tears.
She was in the Americas last month.
She was in the United States last month.
She was in the archive.
She was in the bunker.
She was in the cabin.
She was in the closet, hiding from him.
She was in the doldrums.
She was in the eighth grade.
She was in the forest.
She was in the habit of going for a walk before dinner.
She was in the habit of going for a walk before her evening meal.
She was in the habit of going for a walk before tea.
She was in the habit of sitting up late at night.
She was in the hospital for a month.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because of her illness.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because she was sick.
She was in the middle of mopping.
She was in the middle of the shootout.
She was in the middle of the shopping center, anxiously looking back and forth.
She was in the military prior to becoming a teacher.
She was in the mood for a walk.
She was in the mosque with her mother.
She was in the office to find some paperwork.
She was in the park, chatting to her friends, and wearing a green toque and her famous pearls.
She was in the park, playing on the swing, when a stranger came by and offered him caramels.
She was in the right place at the right time.
She was in the room by herself.
She was in the room next to the one where the murder took place.
She was in the shop.
She was in the shower.
She was in the water.
She was in the woods.
She was in time for her appointment.
She was in time for the bus.
She was in town.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
She was in trouble.
She was incandescent with joy upon hearing his proposal.
She was indifferent to politics.
She was indifferent.
She was indignant at the way her son had been treated.
She was indignant at the way she had been treated.
She was indignant when I said she was lying.
She was infected.
She was informed of the sheriff's death.
She was informed that her compensatory time off would be credited at the end of the month.
She was informed.
She was injured in a car accident.
She was injured in a fall.
She was injured in the car accident.
She was injured in the traffic accident.
She was injured.
She was insanely jealous.
She was insecure about her hijab.
She was inside the house.
She was inside the room.
She was instructed to head north.
She was insulted.
She was insulting Linda.
She was intelligent as well as beautiful.
She was intelligent.
She was intent on her book.
She was interested in Islam.
She was interested.
She was interrogated by the police.
She was interviewed for jobs.
She was into football.
She was into me.
She was intrigued.
She was invited to a party.
She was invited, but she didn't come.
She was invited.
She was involved in the smuggling.
She was involved.
She was ironing her dress.
She was ironing.
She was irresponsible.
She was jailed in Algeria.
She was jealous from him talking to another girl.
She was jealous of Mom.
She was jealous of her neighbor's good fortune.
She was jealous of her neighbor’s good fortune.
She was jealous of the bilinguals.
She was jealous when he talked to another girl.
She was jealous.
She was jilted by her lover.
She was jolly well made to pay.
She was jumping for joy.
She was jumping.
She was just a shadow of her former self.
She was just about to go out.
She was just about to have a bath when the doorbell rang.
She was just about to take a bath when the bell rang.
She was just as confused as he was.
She was just as excited as he was.
She was just breathing.
She was just crying.
She was just doing her duty.
She was just doing her job.
She was just going her job.
She was just having a good time.
She was just kidding.
She was just like a little girl. She always wanted to be with me.
She was just listening to my mom.
She was just the kind of girl he had been looking for.
She was just then cleaning the flat.
She was just trying to be friendly.
She was just trying to protect herself.
She was keeping something from me.
She was kept under with morphine injections.
She was kicked in the head by her horse and died.
She was kicked out of school on her birthday.
She was kicking up her heels with delight.
She was kicking.
She was kidnapped in Kabylie, Algeria.
She was kidnapped.
She was killed by her own father.
She was killed by her own husband.
She was killed by her own sister.
She was killed in an automobile accident.
She was killed.
She was kind enough to accommodate me with some money.
She was kind enough to accompany me to the station.
She was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
She was kind enough to come pick me up at my house.
She was kind enough to drive me home.
She was kind enough to give me advice.
She was kind enough to give me good advice.
She was kind enough to help me.
She was kind enough to help us.
She was kind enough to lend me a large sum of money.
She was kind enough to lend me large sum of money.
She was kind enough to make tea for us.
She was kind enough to show me around the town.
She was kind enough to show me the way.
She was kind enough to take me home.
She was kind enough to take me to hospital.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
She was kind enough.
She was kind to everybody.
She was kind to me at school.
She was kind to me.
She was kind.
She was kissed by him.
She was knocking.
She was known for always being contentious.
She was known to have green fingers.
She was laid off.
She was last seen talking to her jealous ex.
She was late as a result of the heavy snow.
She was late at her wedding.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
She was late because she overslept.
She was late for dinner.
She was late for her appointment.
She was late for her shift.
She was late for school because it was raining hard.
She was late for school yesterday.
She was late for school.
She was late for the bus.
She was late for the last train.
She was late once again.
She was late to school.
She was late to work because she overslept.
She was late to work.
She was late.
She was laughed at by her friends.
She was laughed at.
She was laughing wholeheartedly.
She was laughing.
She was lazy.
She was leading her grandmother by the hand.
She was learning.
She was leaving and was walking slowly from me.
She was leaving.
She was left alone in the room.
She was left alone in the world.
She was left alone.
She was left behind with the car.
She was left behind.
She was left disappointed.
She was left in the sun too long.
She was left outside of a hospital.
She was left outside of an orphanage.
She was left to her own devices.
She was left with no choice.
She was licking the spoon.
She was licking the table.
She was lied to.
She was lighting candles in her room.
She was like a different person.
She was like a little sister to me.
She was like a second mother to me.
She was like an angel.
She was liked by everyone.
She was liked.
She was limping.
She was listening from behind the van.
She was listening in shock.
She was listening to Mom.
She was listening to her iPod.
She was listening to music.
She was listening to the sea in a sea shell.
She was listening.
She was livid when she found out all the lies he'd told her.
She was livid.
She was living alone after her husband had died.
She was living alone in a hut.
She was living in Algeria.
She was living in England when the war broke out.
She was living in England when the war started.
She was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
She was living there.
She was living with us.
She was loading the truck.
She was located.
She was locked up in a room.
She was lonely without him.
She was lonely.
She was longing to hear from him.
She was looked after in the hospital.
She was looked almost exactly like Mom.
She was looked up to by all the club members.
She was looking at Skura's dog.
She was looking at a beautiful flower.
She was looking at him with that blush of innocence on her cheeks.
She was looking at him.
She was looking at me.
She was looking at my brother dazedly.
She was looking at the fine snow falling on the lake.
She was looking at the limo in disbelief.
She was looking at the part of the sky visible through the small window.
She was looking at us up and down.
She was looking at you.
She was looking for a chance to steal the crown.
She was looking for a room with a bath, and found one near here.
She was looking for her locker key.
She was looking for someone to rescue her.
She was looking for the keys in her purse when he attacked her.
She was looking for trouble.
She was looking forward to going sailing with him.
She was looking forward to going to a movie with him.
She was looking forward to playing table tennis with him.
She was looking forward to seeing him again.
She was looking forward to seeing him.
She was looking forward to spending time with him.
She was looking idly out of the window.
She was looking miserable sitting in the middle of this snowstorm, so I threw a small coin at her.
She was looking.
She was losing her hair.
She was lost in thought.
She was lounging on the sofa.
She was loved by everybody in the village.
She was loved by everyone who knew her.
She was loved by the people.
She was loved very much by him.
She was loved.
She was lovely.
She was low on insulin.
She was lucky she could do that.
She was lucky to find her keys.
She was lucky.
She was lying about how she really felt.
She was lying face down on the bed.
She was lying on the bed.
She was lying on the floor, strangled by a harp string.
She was lying the whole time.
She was lying to him when she told him she'd been in Boston.
She was lying to him when she told him that she'd been in Boston.
She was lying to him when she told him that.
She was lying to you the whole time.
She was lying when she said she didn't know him.
She was lying.
She was mad about the prank, but I got her good.
She was mad at Skura.
She was mad at her son.
She was mad because he went to Boston without her.
She was mad with anger.
She was mad.
She was made for this.
She was made redundant.
She was made to believe their lies.
She was made to learn maths.
She was made to suffer the pain.
She was made to wait for over an hour.
She was madly in love with him.
She was making good money.
She was making shadows on the wall.
She was making sheep's eyes at him.
She was making tea.
She was making thousands of dollars every month.
She was manipulative.
She was married to a drama teacher.
She was married to a rich man.
She was married to a rock singer.
She was married to her first husband back then.
She was married.
She was marvelously good.
She was masking her true feelings.
She was meant to ring him at 2.30.
She was menacing.
She was mentally scarred by the event.
She was merely stating a fact.
She was mesmerized by the view.
She was messed up.
She was met with an icy silence.
She was mimicking the various people in our office.
She was minutely examined.
She was mirroring herself in the shop window.
She was miserable.
She was missed in the house.
She was mistaken, wasn't she?
She was moaning about having to go back to work.
She was mocking the superficiality of fashion slaves.
She was mocking you.
She was moody.
She was more beautiful than all of the others.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
She was more beautiful than any woman he had ever seen.
She was more confused than ever.
She was more dead than alive.
She was more than happy to do it.
She was mortified by his frank remark.
She was most impressed, however, by the extreme pallor of his face and by the nervousness of his manner.
She was mousy and frail, but she ran the office with an iron fist.
She was moved to tears at story.
She was moved to tears by the story.
She was moved to tears when she heard the news.
She was moved to tears.
She was much closer.
She was much delighted at my gift.
She was mugged on her way home.
She was mumbling between sobs.
She was mumbling something to herself.
She was mumbling to herself.
She was mumbling.
She was murdered in her bed.
She was murdered in her sleep.
She was murdered while walking home from her boyfriend’s house.
She was murdered.
She was my Spanish professor.
She was my best female friend.
She was my best friend at that time.
She was my best friend in high school.
She was my best friend.
She was my boss.
She was my colleague before they fired her.
She was my daughter, too.
She was my first crush.
She was my first girlfriend.
She was my first love.
She was my only friend.
She was my only joy.
She was my sole source of happiness.
She was naive.
She was naked.
She was named Alice after her aunt.
She was named Bennett before her wedding.
She was named Elizabeth after her aunt.
She was named Kate after her mother.
She was named after her grandmother.
She was named as chairman.
She was natural.
She was naturalized.
She was naturally inclined towards math.
She was naturally shy.
She was nearing despair.
She was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
She was nearly hit by a bicycle.
She was nearly killed herself.
She was nearly without any money.
She was negative.
She was nervous before the entrance exam.
She was never able to tell him that she loved him.
She was never at a loss for an excuse.
She was never completely free from pain after the accident.
She was never disrespectful to me.
She was never free from pain after that.
She was never heard speaking ill of others.
She was never heard to speak ill of others.
She was never particularly articulate.
She was never satisfied.
She was never seen again after that.
She was never seen again alive.
She was never seen again.
She was never to see her children again.
She was never to see her home again.
She was never weary of admiring the beautiful scenery by which she was surrounded, for early habit had made the beauties of nature to her as a continual feast.
She was next to a friend when I saw her.
She was nibbling the rubber toys.
She was nice to everyone.
She was nice to him and his friends.
She was nice.
She was nicely dressed.
She was nineteen at that time.
She was nineteen then.
She was no less beautiful for the small birthmark.
She was no longer dependent on her parents.
She was no longer happy with that life.
She was none the better for the treatment.
She was none the happier for her great wealth.
She was none the worse for drinking spirits.
She was none the worse for the traffic accident.
She was normal.
She was not a little surprised at the news.
She was not a very good pianist.
She was not afraid to speak up.
She was not ashamed to ask me a question.
She was not at all impatient.
She was not at all upset by the news.
She was not at home when Idir visited.
She was not at school because she was ill.
She was not attracted to him at all.
She was not between them that day.
She was not disappointed.
She was not exactly impressed.
She was not exactly thrilled to see him.
She was not far behind.
She was not feeling well.
She was not fully aware of that.
She was not fully aware of this.
She was not happy about it.
She was not happy.
She was not having a great time.
She was not impressed.
She was not in the least pleased with my present.
She was not in the mood for lunch.
She was not in the mood for serious books.
She was not interested in Tom.
She was not interested in boys at all.
She was not invited.
She was not jealous.
She was not less beautiful than her elder sister.
She was not lying.
She was not mentioned in his will.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
She was not of interest to Tom.
She was not only beautiful, but also kind to everyone.
She was not past seventeen. Cast in so slight and exquisite a mould; so mild and gentle; so pure and beautiful; that earth seemed not her element, nor its rough creatures her fit companions.
She was not pleased.
She was not provided for in his will.
She was not quick enough.
She was not ready.
She was not right.
She was not scared to get close to the wasp nest.
She was not seriously injured.
She was not so easily dissuaded.
She was not sure what to do.
She was not sure.
She was not sympathetic to my plight.
She was not the first to encourage me to do so.
She was not willing to go to the doctor.
She was noted for her good looks at school.
She was notified.
She was now out of danger.
She was nowhere in sight.
She was nowhere to be found.
She was nowhere to be seen.
She was obliged to give up the plan.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She was obliged to work to support five children.
She was observing the way that butterflies fly.
She was obsessed with becoming famous.
She was obsessed with sin.
She was obviously dying to know.
She was obviously impressed.
She was obviously in pain.
She was occupied in cooking all afternoon.
She was occupied with household work.
She was off down the stairs.
She was off in her Sunday best.
She was offended by something.
She was offended.
She was offered her job back.
She was often bullied at school for that.
She was often late for school.
She was often observed to raise her hands to her neck, as if in search of the ribbon that had been taken from it, and mutter, in surprise and discontent, when she could not find it, “It was the link that bound me to life.”
She was old.
She was on a downer.
She was on a patrol.
She was on edge till she heard from her husband.
She was on good terms with her husband.
She was on her way back up to bed.
She was on her way to Europe.
She was on her way to school.
She was on her way to the jumble sale when she met Pablo.
She was on television last week.
She was on the border of killing herself.
She was on the cusp of a breakthrough when the fire alarm went off.
She was on the floor.
She was on the high wire.
She was on the point of going out.
She was on the point of laughing at the clown's actions.
She was on the point of laughing at the clown’s actions.
She was on the point of leaving.
She was on the scene of the crime.
She was on the slide.
She was on the sofa, wrapped in the blanket.
She was on the team.
She was on the verge of crying.
She was on the verge of death.
She was on the verge of fainting out of sheer terror.
She was on the verge of fainting.
She was on the verge of killing herself.
She was on the verge of tears.
She was on time.
She was on vacation when she met him.
She was on verge of fainting.
She was once known for her reputation as a top model, but now she's seeking fame as an actress.
She was one of the last great stars of Hollywood's Golden Age, known both on and off the screen for her irreverence and independence.
She was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever seen.
She was one of the most beautiful girls.
She was one of them.
She was only 18 when she graduated from university.
She was only a shadow of her former self after her illness.
She was only a shadow of her former self.
She was only fifteen years younger than Mom.
She was only frightened, not injured.
She was only half alive.
She was only nine years old, inclined to plumpness and good humour, deprecated violence and had never been to sea.
She was only pretending to be asleep.
She was only seeking after pleasure.
She was only seventeen when they met.
She was only smiling.
She was only too glad to help us.
She was only trying to help.
She was only twenty years old.
She was only wearing her nightdress when the roundup happened.
She was open about her problems.
She was open to any suggestions.
She was open.
She was opening the gate.
She was oppressed.
She was ordered to clear up the area as soon as possible.
She was ordering everyone around.
She was orphaned when she was three.
She was our last hope.
She was out of Japan last year.
She was out of breath and she laughed. I was serious and I looked at the dark pupils of her eyes through her dark eyelashes.
She was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
She was out of danger.
She was out of favor with her boss.
She was out of temper with her brother.
She was out of the room in a flash.
She was out of town.
She was out shopping.
She was out when I called.
She was out with her friends.
She was outraged by his proposal.
She was outraged.
She was outside the hospital.
She was outside.
She was over thirty when her artistic talent emerged.
She was overcome by giggles.
She was overcome with embarrassment.
She was overcome with emotion.
She was overcome with happiness.
She was overjoyed.
She was overshadowed by her sister's reputation.
She was overshadowed by her sister’s reputation.
She was overwhelmed by the sad news.
She was overwhelmed with emotion.
She was paid.
She was painfully shy.
She was painfully skinny.
She was painfully thin.
She was pale and looked like she was suffering.
She was pale and seemed to be suffering.
She was pale with fear.
She was panting.
She was part of the problem.
She was partying, ignoring the state of emergency.
She was paying off the debt.
She was peering at me coldly.
She was perfect.
She was perfectly aware of her superiority.
She was perplexed.
She was photographed.
She was physically repulsive.
She was picking flowers in the garden.
She was plagued by anxieties.
She was plagued with anxiety.
She was planning to go and visit her mother in hospital.
She was planting roses when he came.
She was playing Kabyle music.
She was playing a really old video game.
She was playing football.
She was playing on the swing in the park when a stranger came near and offered her sweets.
She was playing outside.
She was playing the guitar and he was singing.
She was playing the guitar so well.
She was playing the piano at that time.
She was playing the piano when the guests arrived.
She was playing with her sister at that time.
She was playing.
She was pleasantly surprised.
She was pleased by the new robe.
She was pleased to be treated as a guest.
She was pleased to hear that.
She was pleased to see Skura.
She was pleased to see her compensatory time off balance increasing after the busy season.
She was pleased to see him.
She was pleased to see the results.
She was pleased with her new dress.
She was pleased with the gift.
She was pleased with the new dress.
She was pleased.
She was plowing.
She was pointing.
She was polite but firm.
She was politely described as a redoubtable dowager.
She was pooping.
She was poor, but she was honest.
She was popular at school.
She was popular for her beauty.
She was popular with everyone.
She was popular.
She was powerless.
She was praised for saving a person's life.
She was praying.
She was pregnant.
She was preparing the dinner when Gilles arrived.
She was present at the meeting.
She was present at the party.
She was present.
She was pretending.
She was pretty busy herself.
She was pretty much fluent in three languages, Berber, Arabic, and French.
She was pretty small.
She was pretty, wasn't she?
She was pretty.
She was primed for the meeting and gave a successful presentation.
She was probably innocent.
She was probably just in a hurry.
She was profuse in praises.
She was prohibited from smoking.
She was promoted above her supervisors.
She was promoted over the heads of her seniors.
She was promoted.
She was protesting.
She was proud of her father.
She was proud of herself.
She was proud of him.
She was proud that she had shaken hands with the President of the U.S.
She was provoked.
She was pulling the gate.
She was pumped full of sedatives for the pain.
She was punching the bag.
She was punished for careless driving.
She was punished for doing that.
She was punished for her crimes.
She was punished for lying.
She was punished for the slightest offense.
She was punished.
She was pushing her luck.
She was pushing the door.
She was pushing the drug so hard, I swore she must be getting some kind of kickback.
She was put in a cell.
She was put in charge of the project, despite having zero leadership skills.
She was put in jail.
She was put on a black list.
She was put on the boat.
She was put out by the rude comments.
She was putting back the used dishes.
She was putting her baby down for a nap.
She was puzzled, and she ran away from me.
She was puzzled.
She was qualified.
She was quickly brought to the hospital.
She was quiet and pensive yesterday.
She was quiet.
She was quite colorless.
She was quite eager in her studies.
She was quite nervous about her first flight.
She was quite pleased with herself.
She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.
She was quite unaware that I was spying on her.
She was quite young, not more than eighteen.
She was quivering.
She was racked with pain.
She was radiant with love.
She was raised a Christian.
She was raised by her grandfather.
She was raised by her grandmother.
She was raised by her uncle.
She was raised by my mother.
She was raised in France.
She was raised in a home without a father.
She was raised in a wealthy family.
She was raised in the United States of America but her mother tongue is Japanese.
She was raising four kids.
She was ranting and raving about who knows what.
She was raped.
She was rapt in prayer.
She was rather afraid of the strange old woman.
She was rather impressed.
She was reading a comic book.
She was reading a gardening manual.
She was reading a newspaper.
She was reading novels.
She was reading the Quran.
She was reading.
She was ready for dinner.
She was ready for me.
She was ready for school.
She was ready to be a Muslim.
She was ready to face her fate.
She was ready to give him back all his money.
She was ready to help him with cleaning the house.
She was ready to help him with washing the car.
She was ready to jump ship.
She was ready to return all of his money to him.
She was ready to return to him all of his money.
She was ready.
She was real hurt.
She was really annoyed.
She was really cold.
She was really dumb. She has no idea how that worked.
She was really happy to see her house all ready.
She was really hurt.
She was really impressed.
She was really intrigued.
She was really lonely.
She was really mean to me.
She was really nice.
She was really satisfied.
She was really surprised to find thousands of dollars hidden in her daughter's mattress.
She was really upset at the time. She cried in the dorm the entire day.
She was really upset.
She was really weird.
She was rebellious.
She was reciting the Quran.
She was recognized.
She was recording.
She was recovered and no longer needed her annual check-up visits.
She was red in the face.
She was red like a tomato.
She was registered.
She was regularly locked in the basement as punishment.
She was rehearsing.
She was rejected.
She was relaxed by the hot bath.
She was relaxed.
She was released on the grounds that she was insane.
She was released.
She was reliable.
She was relieved from insomnia.
She was relieved.
She was reluctant to accept the invitation.
She was reluctant to admit it.
She was reluctant to go by herself.
She was reluctant to leave.
She was reluctant to marry him.
She was reluctant to reveal her secret.
She was reluctant, but she agreed.
She was renting a property in Kabylie.
She was repairing the chicken cage.
She was repairing the house.
She was reported missing two weeks ago.
She was reported missing.
She was reported to the police.
She was reported.
She was reprimanded for being late.
She was required to step down in the office.
She was rescued.
She was resting.
She was restless because she did not have anything to do.
She was resurrected.
She was reunited with her father.
She was rewarded.
She was ridiculed by everyone in town.
She was ridiculing you.
She was riding her bike.
She was right about him.
She was right about that.
She was right and he was wrong.
She was right behind him.
She was right behind me.
She was right in the middle of cutting cucumbers.
She was right the first time.
She was right, wasn't she?
She was right.
She was robbed her of her bag by a young man.
She was robbed of her jewels last night.
She was robbed of her money on her way home.
She was robbed of her purse.
She was robbed of her youth.
She was robbed of the handbag she bought last week.
She was robbed of the handbag that she had bought last week.
She was rude, wasn't she?
She was run over by a car.
She was run over by the car.
She was running down the street clutching two toddlers, one in each arm.
She was running.
She was rushed to the hospital.
She was sacked.
She was sad for the first time in months.
She was safe.
She was salting the meat.
She was satisfied that he was honest.
She was satisfied with the new dress.
She was satisfied with the new skirt.
She was satisfied with the result.
She was satisfied.
She was saving herself for marriage.
She was saying they had tricked her.
She was scammed.
She was scared at the sight of the dead body.
She was scared by the big earthquake.
She was scared for her life.
She was scared out of her wits.
She was scared shitless.
She was scared to admit that she didn't know.
She was scared to cross the road.
She was scared to death of her husband.
She was scared to do it.
She was scared to go by herself.
She was scared to go in the cave by herself.
She was scared to go there by herself.
She was scared.
She was scolded by her mother for forgetting to turn off the light when she left the house.
She was scratched.
She was screaming for help, but no one came.
She was screaming when her son died.
She was screaming.
She was scrubbing the walls.
She was seated between Tom and Mary.
She was secretly pleased.
She was seduced by Mary.
She was seduced by Tom.
She was seduced by him.
She was seeing the doctor.
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.
She was seen coming out of the house.
She was seen running across the street and shinning up a lamppost.
She was seen to dance.
She was seen to leave.
She was seen to run up the stairs with tears in her eyes.
She was seen to walk out of the room.
She was seen.
She was selected from among ten thousand candidates.
She was selected out of ten thousand applicants.
She was selected.
She was selfish at the college.
She was selfish.
She was selling drugs to teens.
She was selling illegal medicine.
She was semi-conscious because she had had surgery.
She was sending him mixed signals.
She was sent back to Algeria.
She was sent to a boarding school.
She was sent to a mental hospital.
She was sent to a psychiatric hospital for an indefinite period of time.
She was sent to a room.
She was sent to the hospital.
She was sent to the principal's office today.
She was sent to the principal's office.
She was sentenced to death in absentia.
She was sentenced to death.
She was sentenced to three years in jail.
She was serious, wasn't she?
She was serious.
She was set on quitting.
She was seventy-five and she was going to make some changes in her life.
She was sexually harassed in an elevator.
She was shaken by the accident.
She was shaking with fear.
She was shaking.
She was sharpening her knife.
She was sheltering from the rain under an olive tree.
She was shivering with cold.
She was shocked by what she saw.
She was shocked to find out the truth.
She was shocked to learn that some video game developers targeted users who played excessively.
She was shocked when she heard his story.
She was shocked.
She was shod in pumps.
She was shopping for some clothes.
She was shopping in London.
She was short-haired.
She was shot above the waist.
She was shot in her sleep.
She was shot.
She was shouting as loud as she could.
She was showering.
She was shown to her seat.
She was shunned by society.
She was shy at first.
She was shy in her high school days.
She was shy.
She was sick for three weeks.
She was sick in bed yesterday.
She was sick, so she couldn't come.
She was sick, so she didn't come.
She was sick.
She was silenced.
She was silent, and he went on with increasing vehemence: “I am still that Edgar Ravenswood who, for your affection, renounced the dear ties by which injured honour bound him to seek vengeance. I am that Ravenswood who, for your sake, forgave, nay, clasped hands in friendship with, the oppressor and pillager of his house, the traducer and murderer of his father.”
She was silent.
She was similar to me in many ways.
She was simply doing her job.
She was singing a song whose title I don't know.
She was singing a song.
She was singing and he was dancing.
She was singing in Berber.
She was singing in a very attractive dressed.
She was singing the national anthem.
She was singing the saddest song.
She was singing.
She was single all her life.
She was single her whole life.
She was sinking into her dotage.
She was sipping her margarita.
She was sitting across the table from him.
She was sitting all by herself at the counter.
She was sitting all by herself.
She was sitting at a table by herself.
She was sitting at her computer, working.
She was sitting at the bar by herself.
She was sitting at the bar three stools away from him.
She was sitting at the counter by herself.
She was sitting between her parents.
She was sitting between him and me.
She was sitting by herself at a table near the window, drinking coffee.
She was sitting by herself on the porch and reading a book.
She was sitting by herself on the porch, reading a book.
She was sitting by herself, drinking wine.
She was sitting in a chair, and she was watching TV.
She was sitting in a chair, watching TV.
She was sitting in a chair, watching television.
She was sitting in front of a small plate of cookies and a stuffed animal.
She was sitting in the mosque.
She was sitting next to him.
She was sitting on her mother's lap.
She was sitting on that beach.
She was sitting on the bed.
She was sitting on the bench by herself.
She was sitting on the grave.
She was sitting on the sea wall, happily chomping away at her Cornish pasty, when he came sidling up to her.
She was sitting opposite me.
She was sitting over there by herself.
She was sitting there with her eyes closed.
She was sitting there.
She was sitting under a tree.
She was sitting.
She was skiing all though the day.
She was skiing.
She was skipping school.
She was sleeping.
She was sleepy.
She was slightly better yesterday.
She was slim and petite.
She was smart.
She was smarter than everyone in existence.
She was smartly dressed.
She was smelling the sheets.
She was smiling.
She was smoking.
She was sneezing.
She was snoring loudly.
She was snoring.
She was so angry at him she couldn't even look at him.
She was so angry that she could not speak.
She was so beautiful that anyone could see that she was a real Princess.
She was so beautiful that he could not turn his eyes away.
She was so beautiful that the merchant's son could not help kneeling down to kiss her hand.
She was so beautiful.
She was so beside herself with joy that she started to dance around the room, whooping loudly.
She was so busy she skipped lunch.
She was so busy.
She was so close to me that I could have touched her.
She was so confused.
She was so critical of my Berber accent.
She was so curious that she opened the box.
She was so curious to know what that was.
She was so dazzled that she did not recognize the Princess in her glittering garments.
She was so depressed.
She was so dreamy that no one dared to approach her.
She was so excited that she almost forgot to breathe.
She was so focused on making her marriage work.
She was so furious.
She was so generous as to give me all the money I needed.
She was so good at football.
She was so happy.
She was so in love with the boy that she could only see his good qualities.
She was so jealous.
She was so kind as to give me advice.
She was so kind as to inform me of it.
She was so kind as to lend me some money.
She was so kind as to take me to the hospital.
She was so lachrymose, she cried at commercials for long-distance phone companies.
She was so nervous she paced to and fro in the waiting room.
She was so ordinary.
She was so out of breath that she could hardly speak.
She was so parsimonious; she only bought vegetables if they were on sale.
She was so preoccupied that she was oblivious of her surroundings.
She was so pretty that I was momentarily paralyzed by the sight of her.
She was so rich.
She was so rude.
She was so sad that she did not want to speak to anyone.
She was so scared that she couldn't speak.
She was so scared that she couldn’t speak.
She was so smart.
She was so surprised.
She was so sweet and innocent.
She was so terrified.
She was so thin.
She was so tired of working around the house all day.
She was so tired that she couldn't sleep.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
She was so tired that she couldn’t walk.
She was so tired that she fell asleep at once.
She was so upset.
She was so well-off.
She was so worried about missing her train that she left the house hours beforehand.
She was so worried she was going to call the police.
She was so worry for me when I left the country.
She was soaked from head to foot.
She was sobbing.
She was somehow incensed against me.
She was someone he'd always tried to avoid.
She was soon sound asleep because she was very tired.
She was soon taken over by anger.
She was sore at me for being late.
She was sorry to hear the bad news.
She was sorry.
She was sound asleep in her room.
She was speaking French fluently.
She was special.
She was speechless.
She was spitting up blood and that's why I called the doctor.
She was spitting.
She was spotted.
She was stabbed in the back.
She was stalked by Tom.
She was standing alone in the parking lot.
She was standing amid the ruins of the castle.
She was standing among children.
She was standing before me.
She was standing behind him.
She was standing behind me.
She was standing between the boys.
She was standing in front of the door.
She was standing in line behind him.
She was standing in the front of the classroom.
She was standing in the middle of the room.
She was standing near him.
She was standing off to the side.
She was standing on a hill.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
She was standing.
She was staring at him.
She was staring at the rock.
She was staring with her lustful blue eyes.
She was starting to doubt herself.
She was starting to get mad.
She was starting to lose hope.
She was stealing supplies.
She was steaming with anger.
She was sticking her tongue out.
She was still a big mosque-goer.
She was still a child when she became an orphan.
She was still a virgin.
She was still breathing.
She was still clinging to the hope that her dog would be found alive.
She was still in college at that time.
She was still in jail.
She was still in the apartment.
She was still inside the diner.
She was still there.
She was still under anesthesia.
She was still weak after her illness.
She was still young when she became a widow.
She was stoned.
She was stooping to take something out of the oven.
She was stopping passers-by.
She was stranded in the city.
She was strangled.
She was stricken with an incurable disease.
She was strong enough to run a 10-mile race.
She was struck by a bullet.
She was struck by his eyes.
She was struck by lightning.
She was struck by the bullet.
She was struck dumb at the news.
She was struck with terror.
She was stubborn.
She was studying abroad to brush up her English.
She was studying drama on a special scholarship.
She was studying.
She was stung by a jellyfish.
She was stung by a swarm of bees.
She was stung.
She was stunned by the grandeur of the mansion.
She was stunned by what she heard.
She was stunned by what she saw.
She was stunned.
She was stunningly beautiful.
She was stupid enough to believe him.
She was stupid enough to go out with him.
She was stupid to make such a mistake.
She was subject to cold.
She was subject to groundless suspicions.
She was successful in the attempt.
She was successful.
She was such a bad teacher.
She was such a beautiful girl that everybody turned to look at her as she passed.
She was such a beautiful woman.
She was such a big star that she wouldn't allow an understudy.
She was such a good dancer she made him feel like a clodhopper.
She was such a hardworking girl that she made much progress in French.
She was suddenly taken ill on holiday.
She was suffering.
She was sunbathing at that time.
She was super confused.
She was super insecure about her hijab.
She was superstitious, as the people of that period usually were.
She was supposed take the business over.
She was supposed to attend the party with him.
She was supposed to be here at two o'clock sharp.
She was supposed to be here at two o’clock sharp.
She was supposed to be here by noon.
She was supposed to call him at 2:30.
She was supposed to do that by herself.
She was supposed to finish the work yesterday.
She was supposed to have returned yesterday, but she fell ill.
She was supposed to join us for lunch.
She was supposed to leave a long time ago.
She was supposed to ring him at 2.30.
She was supposedly possessed by a demon.
She was sure he could win.
She was sure of herself.
She was sure she could do that again.
She was sure she could win.
She was sure that everybody saw her.
She was sure that she had found the love of her life.
She was sure the man was telling a lie.
She was sure.
She was surnamed Smith.
She was surprised at his appearance.
She was surprised at his sudden change of mind.
She was surprised at the news.
She was surprised at the sight.
She was surprised by how her sister looked.
She was surprised by how quickly her compensatory time off accumulated during the busy period.
She was surprised by the garden’s bountiful harvest.
She was surprised by what she learned.
She was surprised by what she saw.
She was surprised that he appeared.
She was surprised that he remembered what she'd said to him.
She was surprised that he showed up.
She was surprised that it was that late.
She was surprised to find many beautiful things in the box.
She was surprised to find thousands of dollars hidden in her daughter's mattress.
She was surprised to hear the news.
She was surprised to learn this.
She was surprised to see him.
She was surprised too.
She was surprised when I told her.
She was surprised when she heard the news.
She was surprised when she saw the ghost.
She was surprised, wasn't she?
She was surprised.
She was surrendering to despair slowly.
She was surrounded by her friends.
She was surrounded by privilege.
She was susceptible to colds.
She was suspected of being a spy.
She was suspected.
She was suspended from school.
She was suspicious of Anne's big words and dramatic gestures and imagined that the child was making fun of her.
She was swearing in Berber.
She was swimming in this lake.
She was swimming.
She was symbolized by the egg and the bunny.
She was taken away.
She was taken care of by one of her friends.
She was taken ill on holiday and had to find a doctor.
She was taken ill on holiday.
She was taken in by his gentlemanly appearance.
She was taken in by his manners.
She was taken in by that fake gold certificate scandal and lost most of her money.
She was taken in by the salesman's smooth manner of talking.
She was taken in by the salesman.
She was taken in by the salesman’s smooth manner of talking.
She was taken into custody.
She was taken prisoner.
She was taken to a dungeon.
She was taken to a psychiatric hospital.
She was taken to a witch.
She was taken to another room.
She was taken to hospital unconscious.
She was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
She was taken to the hospital.
She was taken.
She was taking a nap all the time.
She was taking a nap the whole time.
She was taking a shower when the phone rang.
She was taking a test.
She was talented and smart.
She was talented.
She was talking about Islam.
She was talking about her.
She was talking about him.
She was talking about that man.
She was talking all the time.
She was talking as she walked.
She was talking in her sleep.
She was talking the whole time.
She was talking to herself.
She was talking to him about his family.
She was talking to him about his new car.
She was talking to him in Berber.
She was talking to some dude.
She was talking.
She was tall and thin.
She was tall enough to touch the ceiling.
She was taller.
She was tapping on the window.
She was tasting the cakes.
She was taught English by the nuns.
She was teaching Berber in Algeria.
She was teaching my cousin.
She was teasing Linda.
She was telling jokes.
She was telling me that she had been studying English for many years.
She was telling me that she had studied English for many years.
She was telling the truth.
She was tempted to call his bluff, hardly believing that he would carry out his threat.
She was tempted to come with me.
She was ten miles away.
She was ten months old, but she had a look of experience and wisdom in her wee face that would have made her seem old at twenty years.
She was terribly disappointed with me.
She was terribly frustrated by that situation.
She was tested.
She was thankful that her husband had returned safe.
She was the First Lady.
She was the brightest and gayest of all present.
She was the driving force behind my decision to return home.
She was the fairest in the whole land.
She was the first girl I'd ever kissed.
She was the first girl to win that contest.
She was the first in her department to earn a service award.
She was the first one to help him.
She was the first one to notice him.
She was the first one to pay attention to him.
She was the first to invest in brand-name office equipment.
She was the first to know.
She was the first woman I loved.
She was the first woman that I met.
She was the kind of girl that takes your breath away.
She was the last customer.
She was the last guest.
She was the last person I expected to meet that day.
She was the last person I expected to see in such a place.
She was the last person I expected to see there.
She was the last person I had expected to see there.
She was the last person to finish eating.
She was the last to arrive.
She was the last to cross the finishing line.
She was the last to leave the office.
She was the last to leave.
She was the last woman I expected to see.
She was the last woman that I expected to see at the party.
She was the light of my life.
She was the love of his life.
She was the love of my life.
She was the meeting's organiser.
She was the most beautiful girl on the beach.
She was the most beautiful girl that I had ever laid my eyes on.
She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
She was the most beautiful woman in the whole kingdom.
She was the most beautiful woman in the whole land.
She was the most beautiful woman that I had ever laid my eyes on.
She was the mother of my children.
She was the neighborhood slut.
She was the one I was thinking of.
She was the one driving.
She was the one girl who actually loved me.
She was the one that started it.
She was the one to solve the problem.
She was the one who broke the window yesterday.
She was the one who broke up with me, but soon after, she came crawling back and said, "I miss you so much! Let's get back together."
She was the one who confronted him when he came to hit us.
She was the one who contacted me first.
She was the one who demanded the divorce.
She was the one who picked him.
She was the one who suggested it.
She was the only daughter of a rich Dutch farmer.
She was the only female monarch in the country's history.
She was the only one drunk at the party.
She was the only one not invited to the party.
She was the only one to survive the crash.
She was the only one to wear a cycle helmet in Amsterdam.
She was the only one who understood me.
She was the only person in the mosque.
She was the only person in the room at the time.
She was the only survivor.
She was the only woman I ever loved.
She was the only woman capable of making me happy.
She was the only woman.
She was the opposite of her sister in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
She was the organiser of the gathering.
She was the organiser of the meeting.
She was the prettiest girl I had ever seen.
She was the prettiest girl I'd ever seen.
She was the queen of the ball.
She was the runt of the litter.
She was the runt.
She was the talk of the town.
She was the valedictorian of her class.
She was the victim of a car accident.
She was the victim of domestic violence.
She was the woman of his dreams.
She was the worst teacher ever.
She was the youngest descendant of the king.
She was the youngest of three children.
She was their only daughter.
She was then more beautiful than she is now.
She was there all morning.
She was there at the start of the party, I saw her.
She was there by herself.
She was there for a while.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
She was there in summer.
She was there in the morning.
She was there last summer.
She was there, too.
She was there, wasn't she?
She was there.
She was thinking about telling him she loved him.
She was thinking about telling him that she loved him.
She was thinking of him.
She was thirsty.
She was thirteen when she died.
She was thirteen when she first met him.
She was thirteen when she met him.
She was thirteen years old when she met him.
She was thirty when she died.
She was thirty years old and had been a detective for the past two years.
She was thought to have perished, but she turned out to be alive.
She was thoughtless, wasn't she?
She was threatened with redundancy.
She was threatened.
She was thrilled to accept her service award at the annual banquet.
She was thrilled with his presence.
She was thronged by journalists and photographers.
She was throwing all of cash into the air, making it rain.
She was throwing stones at the windows.
She was throwing up pizza.
She was thrown back onto her own resources.
She was thrown behind bars.
She was thrown from her horse.
She was thrown out of school.
She was tickling the baby.
She was tied up and gagged.
She was tired but decided on walking.
She was tired of knocking on heaven's door.
She was tired of trying to convince him.
She was tired of waiting.
She was tired while working.
She was tired, but she kept working.
She was tired, she slept.
She was tired. However, she tried to finish the work.
She was to drink the milk at school but drank it at home.
She was to have returned yesterday, but she fell ill.
She was told about the accident.
She was told off for being late.
She was told she couldn't do that.
She was told she couldn't win.
She was told she has to do that.
She was told she needs to do that.
She was told she should do that.
She was told she shouldn't do that.
She was told she was too short.
She was told that she had to do that.
She was told that she has to do that.
She was told that she should do that.
She was told that she was too short.
She was told to accompany me.
She was told to do that by herself.
She was too busy worrying about him to worry about herself.
She was too curious not to touch the rock.
She was too far away.
She was too fat.
She was too heavy on the perfume.
She was too much fatigued to speak.
She was too old.
She was too proud to ask for help.
She was too proud to ask him for help.
She was too proud to do anything disgraceful.
She was too scared to walk home by herself.
She was too shocked to speak.
She was too short to look over the wall.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She was too stunned to talk.
She was too tired to go on working.
She was too tired to keep on working.
She was too tired to speak.
She was too tired to work.
She was too tired.
She was too upset to speak.
She was too wise not to understand what you meant.
She was tortured.
She was touching the curtains.
She was tough.
She was toying with him.
She was trained as a doctor.
She was trained as a singer.
She was trained as a violinist under a famous musician.
She was trained to be a secretary.
She was transferred from another city.
She was transferred from the head office to a branch office last month.
She was trapped in the doom.
She was trapped inside the dome.
She was travelling by bus.
She was travelling incognito.
She was travelling under a pseudonym.
She was treated with respect.
She was treating me like a dog.
She was trembling as she listened to the news.
She was trembling with fear.
She was tricked into doing it.
She was tricked up in jewels.
She was tricked yet again.
She was tricked.
She was tried.
She was truly desperate.
She was truly happy.
She was truly hoping that this new episode in her life was going to be less rough and difficult than the one before.
She was truly satisfied.
She was truly scared by the horror movie and even screamed several times during the screening.
She was trying on a Kabyle dress.
She was trying on clothes.
She was trying to butter me up.
She was trying to control her anger.
She was trying to convince my mother that she would be the ideal wife for me.
She was trying to fight her mother.
She was trying to figure out what just happened.
She was trying to figure out what was going on.
She was trying to find herself.
She was trying to hide behind him.
She was trying to impress the teacher.
She was trying to inject some fun into the grim proceedings.
She was trying to make me look bad in front of my parents.
She was trying to mimic Michael Jackson's dance moves.
She was trying to open the door.
She was trying to peep through the keyhole.
She was trying to put the fire out.
She was trying to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
She was trying to understand what was happening.
She was trying to write a short story.
She was trying.
She was turned into a frog.
She was twenty-five years old and I thought she was forty...I'm so embarrassed.
She was twice mistaken for a Spaniard.
She was tying one on far too often lately.
She was typing something in Berber.
She was ugly.
She was unable to answer my question.
She was unable to come because of illness.
She was unable to come due to illness.
She was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad.
She was unable to completely give up her hope of marrying him.
She was unable to conceal her anger.
She was unable to control her anger.
She was unable to control herself any longer.
She was unable to explain herself.
She was unable to hide her reaction.
She was unable to hide her tears.
She was unable to resist the temptation.
She was unable to restrain herself.
She was unamused by the joke.
She was unarmed.
She was uncommonly witty and charming.
She was unconscious for a whole day after the accident.
She was unconscious for three days.
She was unconscious of her mistake.
She was unconscious when she was brought in.
She was unconscious.
She was undaunted by her experience.
She was under lots of pressure to perform three different roles as an understudy.
She was under pressure.
She was understandably angry.
She was undoubtedly a beautiful woman when she was young.
She was unfamiliar with that airport.
She was unfriendly, wasn't she?
She was unhappy for all her success.
She was unhappy for all her wealth.
She was unhappy.
She was unharmed.
She was unimpressed.
She was unkind to him.
She was unlucky, wasn't she?
She was unlucky.
She was unmarried at the time.
She was unpopular.
She was unprepared.
She was unrecognizable.
She was unsure what she should do.
She was unwilling to go by herself.
She was unwilling to tell her name.
She was up all night.
She was up sick all night.
She was up to her eyes grading the papers.
She was up.
She was upset about that.
She was upset with Skura.
She was upset.
She was upstairs, trying to put her baby down for a nap.
She was used for every dime she had.
She was used to drinking beer.
She was used to entering the house early.
She was used to living on a small income.
She was used.
She was using body doubles.
She was vaccinated against polio.
She was versed in the Berber language.
She was very active with her children.
She was very active.
She was very afraid of him.
She was very aggressive, wasn't she?
She was very agitated at the news of her lover's death.
She was very agitated at the news of her lover’s death.
She was very ambitious for her children.
She was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
She was very angry, wasn't she?
She was very annoyed with his nerve.
She was very annoyed.
She was very beautiful in her new dress.
She was very beautiful in her youth.
She was very beautiful when she was young.
She was very bored during the lecture.
She was very brown after her holiday.
She was very busy preparing dinner for her guests.
She was very busy today.
She was very busy.
She was very calm.
She was very captivating when she performed.
She was very cheerful.
She was very confusing.
She was very convincing, wasn't she?
She was very critical of my Berber accent.
She was very delighted with my gift.
She was very dirty when she got home.
She was very disgruntled, primarily because we had begun eating without her.
She was very disoriented.
She was very down because of the exam result.
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.
She was very excited when she won.
She was very excited.
She was very fanatical about religion.
She was very fond of walking through the great hall, where hung the portraits of her ancestors.
She was very friendly to everybody.
She was very friendly, wasn't she?
She was very fun-loving.
She was very glad to find the purse she had given up for lost.
She was very happy to hear that.
She was very happy with my gift.
She was very happy.
She was very harsh with me.
She was very ill, and a doctor was sent for.
She was very impatient with her children.
She was very insistent.
She was very jealous of the girl because she had nice shoes.
She was very kind to everyone.
She was very kind.
She was very late, wasn't she?
She was very lonely.
She was very lucky.
She was very mad and went to talk with the school manager.
She was very mad.
She was very motherly.
She was very moved by the news.
She was very nearly run over by a truck.
She was very nervous.
She was very old and ill.
She was very old.
She was very pale.
She was very patient, wasn't she?
She was very persuasive, wasn't she?
She was very persuasive.
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound.
She was very pleased with the new dress.
She was very pleased with the warm and whole-hearted welcome by the local people and the support shown to her.
She was very pleased.
She was very polite with me.
She was very popular since her childhood.
She was very proud of her father.
She was very proud of herself.
She was very reckless, wasn't she?
She was very restless.
She was very rich.
She was very rude to him.
She was very rude, wasn't she?
She was very sarcastic, wasn't she?
She was very satisfied.
She was very serious.
She was very short with me.
She was very shy about her emergency problem, and asked the gynecologist to please examine her.
She was very shy until she graduated.
She was very special to me.
She was very strict with her children.
She was very stubborn, wasn't she?
She was very sure he could take care of himself.
She was very sure she had to do that.
She was very sure that he could take care of himself.
She was very surprised at his sudden defiant attitude.
She was very surprised at the news.
She was very surprised at the sight.
She was very surprised to see her crippled son ahorse.
She was very surprised when she heard the news.
She was very surprised.
She was very talkative, wasn't she?
She was very tall.
She was very unfair.
She was very unhappy, wasn't she?
She was very well before lunch, but felt sick afterward.
She was very worried about her husband's health.
She was very worried about him.
She was very young.
She was victorious.
She was visibly afraid to be here.
She was visibly annoyed.
She was visibly upset.
She was visiting him once a year.
She was visiting me regularly.
She was vomitting in the bathroom.
She was voted prom queen.
She was wailing when her son passed away.
She was waiting at the coach station for the coach to arrive.
She was waiting at the foot of Mom's bed.
She was waiting at the quay as the ship came in.
She was waiting for her children in front of the school.
She was waiting for her son with great anxiety.
She was waiting for him on his porch.
She was waiting for him to come home to her.
She was waiting for somebody to do that for her, but nobody did, so she did it herself.
She was waiting for someone to do that for her, but no one did, so she did it herself.
She was waiting for the bus.
She was waiting in front of the building.
She was waiting in the foyer.
She was waiting.
She was walking ahead.
She was walking along a garden path.
She was walking along the street.
She was walking back with her son from school.
She was walking behind him.
She was walking carefully in order not to slip.
She was walking down the hall.
She was walking down the street.
She was walking in my direction.
She was walking in the mud.
She was walking on all fours.
She was walking slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
She was walking to and fro, lost in thought.
She was walking towards the airport’s exit.
She was walking.
She was wandering in the woods.
She was wanted.
She was washing the dishes then.
She was washing the dishes.
She was washing up.
She was washing.
She was watching Linda.
She was watching Roblox videos on YouTube.
She was watching TV when I came home.
She was watching TV when I got home.
She was watching TV with tears in her eyes.
She was watching YouTube.
She was watching him and other boys playing baseball.
She was watching it.
She was watching me.
She was watching television yesterday.
She was watching the dead leaves fall.
She was watching the dead leaves falling.
She was watching the film with her eyes red in tears.
She was watching.
She was waving good-bye, with her eyes full of tears.
She was waving.
She was weak.
She was wealthy.
She was wearing a Kabyle dress at the party.
She was wearing a Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a beautiful Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a beautiful dress that day.
She was wearing a beautiful dress.
She was wearing a bikini.
She was wearing a black Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a black blouse and a red skirt.
She was wearing a black blouse and red skirt.
She was wearing a black bra.
She was wearing a black hat.
She was wearing a black jacket and a skirt.
She was wearing a blue coat.
She was wearing a blue skirt.
She was wearing a bonnet.
She was wearing a decidedly tight T-shirt.
She was wearing a dress you bought for her.
She was wearing a fur coat.
She was wearing a gown of satin.
She was wearing a green coat with a matching mini-skirt.
She was wearing a headscarf.
She was wearing a heavy coat to protect against the chill.
She was wearing a hideous Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a long, champagne-colored dress.
She was wearing a lot of jewellery.
She was wearing a lovely Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a men's shirt which did not fit her.
She was wearing a men’s shirt which did not fit her.
She was wearing a mink coat.
She was wearing a negligee.
She was wearing a new hat.
She was wearing a pink dress.
She was wearing a pink miniskirt, and blue sunglasses in the shape of an electric guitar.
She was wearing a poodle skirt circa 1955.
She was wearing a red ankle-length dress.
She was wearing a red bathing suit.
She was wearing a red blouse.
She was wearing a red dress that went down to her ankles.
She was wearing a red dress.
She was wearing a red shirt and a black skirt.
She was wearing a red silk dress.
She was wearing a red skirt.
She was wearing a red swimming costume.
She was wearing a red swimsuit.
She was wearing a short skirt and high heels.
She was wearing a silk dress.
She was wearing a sparkling tiara.
She was wearing a splendid outfit.
She was wearing a strange hat.
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill.
She was wearing a tight miniskirt.
She was wearing a traditional Kabyle dress.
She was wearing a turban.
She was wearing a white T-shirt.
She was wearing a white petticoat.
She was wearing a white skirt.
She was wearing a woollen jumper.
She was wearing a woolly jumper.
She was wearing an ugly dress.
She was wearing blue.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
She was wearing designer shoes.
She was wearing her new hat.
She was wearing hideous boots.
She was wearing high heels and she slipped.
She was wearing huge yellow boots.
She was wearing long boots.
She was wearing neither shoes nor socks.
She was wearing nothing but her underwear.
She was wearing pink panties under the skirt.
She was wearing proper clothes for the party.
She was wearing pumps.
She was wearing something demeaning.
She was wearing stilettos.
She was wearing sunglasses to protect her eyes from the sunlight.
She was weary with age.
She was wedged in between a stout lady in pink silk and a tall, scornful-looking girl in a white-lace dress.
She was weeping alone.
She was weeping bitter tears.
She was weeping with pain.
She was welcomed with a lovely greeting.
She was well brought up by her parents.
She was well known for her gothic appearance.
She was well liked by her teammates.
She was well-dressed.
She was well.
She was wet.
She was where she said she'd be.
She was whispering.
She was white as chalk.
She was white.
She was wide awake.
She was willing to do anything to save her daughters.
She was willing to give up everything for him.
She was willing to go to any length to ensure her children's happiness.
She was willing to keep fighting as long as she had blood left to bleed.
She was winking.
She was winning.
She was with her.
She was with him.
She was with me.
She was with someone when I saw her.
She was with them in the mosque.
She was with us.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
She was within an ace of saying "I don’t know".
She was woken.
She was wonderful.
She was wonderfully alive for her age.
She was wondering the same thing.
She was working hard.
She was working in a hair salon in Kabylie.
She was working last night.
She was working there.
She was working.
She was worn out from overwork.
She was worn out, and leaned against the apple tree.
She was worried about Skura.
She was worried about her children's future.
She was worried about her children.
She was worried about her grades.
She was worried about her health.
She was worried about him.
She was worried by what she heard.
She was worried sick about him.
She was worried sick about them.
She was worried that she might be late for the train.
She was worried that she might miss the train.
She was worried that she would faint from lack of sleep.
She was worried that she'd get lost.
She was worried to death about the kids.
She was worried.
She was worrying about her children's future.
She was worshipped by the people.
She was wounded by a shot in the leg.
She was wounded.
She was writing an anti-Islam book.
She was writing letters to a prisoner.
She was writing to me while drinking her tea.
She was writing.
She was wrong about that.
She was wrong and I told her so.
She was wrong in her assumption that he had come to see her.
She was wrong to assume that he'd come to see her.
She was wrong, wasn't she?
She was wrong.
She was yawning.
She was young and foolish.
She was young and innocent.
She was young handsome vain and giddy and completely the slave of fashion.
She was young, pure, joyful and naive.
She was young.
She was your friend, wasn't she?
She was your teacher, wasn't she?
She was, as many of us were, very shy in her childhood.
She was, so to speak, our idol.
She was, unlike her daughter, of small stature and her body was fat on the sides. It was as if a human head had been fitted unto the body of a pig.
She was.
She washed a carpet.
She washed all the nappies.
She washed and dried the silverware.
She washed her car.
She washed her clothes, then she drained them.
She washed her clothes.
She washed her dirty hands before the meal.
She washed her dog yesterday.
She washed her dog.
She washed her face and hands.
She washed her face with cold water.
She washed her face.
She washed her hair with cold water.
She washed her hair.
She washed her hands quickly.
She washed her hands.
She washed herself in the stream.
She washed herself.
She washed his back and shoulders for him, and whilst she did so, his skin seemed to her to be so fine and soft that more than once, unobserved by him, she touched herself, doubting which of them had the softer and more delicate skin.
She washed his car for him.
She washed his car.
She washed some clothes by hand.
She washed the apple.
She washed the apples.
She washed the blood off her hands.
She washed the boy's dirty clothes.
She washed the car.
She washed the dirt off her face.
She washed the dishes and she dried them.
She washed the dishes and then made herself coffee.
She washed the dishes herself.
She washed the dishes, then she dried them.
She washed the loquats.
She washed the teapot in several waters before she put the tea to steep.
She washes an apple.
She washes clothes at least once a week.
She washes her car every morning.
She washes her car every week.
She washes her car once a week.
She washes her hair every day.
She washes her hair two times a week.
She washes her hands all the time.
She washes her own dress.
She washes her skirt.
She washes lettuce.
She washes the car.
She washes the dishes.
She washes the sweater.
She washes up.
She wasn't a beauty.
She wasn't a bit impatient.
She wasn't a good teacher.
She wasn't a lesbian. None of it is true.
She wasn't a shepherd.
She wasn't able to come at the planned time because of the storm.
She wasn't able to come because she was sick.
She wasn't able to contact him by phone.
She wasn't able to defend herself.
She wasn't able to do anything for him.
She wasn't able to do that by herself.
She wasn't able to explain herself.
She wasn't able to explain this situation to me.
She wasn't able to find her shoes.
She wasn't able to find him.
She wasn't able to fix her car by herself.
She wasn't able to help him.
She wasn't able to impress him.
She wasn't able to make herself understood in French.
She wasn't able to make herself understood.
She wasn't able to marry him.
She wasn't able to meet him.
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
She wasn't able to protect him.
She wasn't able to restrain herself.
She wasn't able to save him.
She wasn't able to sell her goat.
She wasn't able to speak English in real life.
She wasn't able to start her car.
She wasn't able to take care of him.
She wasn't able to talk to him.
She wasn't able to transcend the prejudice that she had got through her whole life.
She wasn't allowed to help him.
She wasn't alone.
She wasn't always like that.
She wasn't amused.
She wasn't an alcoholic, but she was definitely a tippler.
She wasn't an especially good pupil at school.
She wasn't around.
She wasn't at all interested in the party.
She wasn't at home, was she?
She wasn't at home.
She wasn't at school because she was ill.
She wasn't at school today.
She wasn't at the park.
She wasn't at work today.
She wasn't at work.
She wasn't aware of Tom's presence in the house.
She wasn't aware of the powers of that box.
She wasn't aware that he was hoping she'd kiss him.
She wasn't badly hurt.
She wasn't beautiful, but she had big, kind brown eyes and a sweet smile.
She wasn't born yesterday.
She wasn't buried with him.
She wasn't busy, was she?
She wasn't busy.
She wasn't careful when crossing the road.
She wasn't dancing with him then.
She wasn't disappointed.
She wasn't done.
She wasn't drunk—she just felt like singing at the top of her lungs.
She wasn't embarrassed.
She wasn't enjoying herself.
She wasn't entirely honest with me.
She wasn't even there.
She wasn't exactly happy about it.
She wasn't expecting anything in return.
She wasn't expecting me to help her.
She wasn't expecting such a surprise.
She wasn't expecting this.
She wasn't experiencing anything remotely close to an orgasm.
She wasn't fighting, was she?
She wasn't free to come and go as she pleased.
She wasn't friendly with him then.
She wasn't fully aware of that.
She wasn't fully aware of this.
She wasn't happy at hearing the news.
She wasn't happy to see him.
She wasn't happy with what she saw.
She wasn't helping her mother.
She wasn't helping him.
She wasn't here earlier, was she?
She wasn't here.
She wasn't home from work yet.
She wasn't home yesterday, was she?
She wasn't home.
She wasn't hot.
She wasn't hungry.
She wasn't hurt in the accident.
She wasn't hurt, but she got goose bumps when her car nearly crashed.
She wasn't hurt.
She wasn't impressed by what she saw.
She wasn't in her bedroom.
She wasn't in her office.
She wasn't in her room this morning.
She wasn't in her room.
She wasn't in love with me.
She wasn't in love.
She wasn't injured in the train wreck.
She wasn't interested in doing that and neither was he.
She wasn't interested in going on a date with me.
She wasn't interested in talking about herself.
She wasn't interested in the Berber language at all.
She wasn't intimidated by him.
She wasn't kissing him.
She wasn't listening to Tom.
She wasn't listening.
She wasn't looking for love.
She wasn't looking for you.
She wasn't lying.
She wasn't mad at him.
She wasn't mad so much as embarrassed.
She wasn't married, but she has a child.
She wasn't much help.
She wasn't old enough to realize that yet.
She wasn't particularly attractive.
She wasn't paying attention.
She wasn't playing.
She wasn't polite to him.
She wasn't poor.
She wasn't punished for what she did.
She wasn't quite herself today.
She wasn't ready for it.
She wasn't ready for marriage.
She wasn't ready to return to her hometown.
She wasn't really enjoying herself.
She wasn't really in love with him.
She wasn't really paying attention to him.
She wasn't rich.
She wasn't right.
She wasn't rude.
She wasn't scared.
She wasn't serious, was she?
She wasn't sick.
She wasn't singing.
She wasn't sitting next to him.
She wasn't sleeping, was she?
She wasn't so sure herself.
She wasn't so sure of herself.
She wasn't so sure.
She wasn't still asleep, was she?
She wasn't strong enough to lift the box by herself.
She wasn't stupid.
She wasn't supposed to go to Boston with him.
She wasn't sure how she could help.
She wasn't sure she could do that.
She wasn't sure she could win.
She wasn't sure she had to do that.
She wasn't sure she liked the plan.
She wasn't sure she should do that.
She wasn't sure what she should do.
She wasn't sure.
She wasn't surprised at all.
She wasn't surprised to see him.
She wasn't surprised when he quit his job.
She wasn't telling the whole truth.
She wasn't that impressed.
She wasn't the Layla that I knew.
She wasn't the first girl to kiss him.
She wasn't the one who gave that to him.
She wasn't the one who killed him.
She wasn't the only one who said she didn't agree with him.
She wasn't the right guy for him.
She wasn't the true love of my life.
She wasn't there for him.
She wasn't there last month.
She wasn't there to greet him.
She wasn't there, and neither was he.
She wasn't there, was she?
She wasn't there.
She wasn't thrilled to see him.
She wasn't to blame for the traffic accident.
She wasn't told she couldn't do that.
She wasn't told she should do that.
She wasn't told to go with him.
She wasn't too keen on coming to the party, but he finally finagled a promise out of her to come.
She wasn't trying to hurt him.
She wasn't unfriendly.
She wasn't upset with him.
She wasn't very assertive, was she?
She wasn't very big.
She wasn't very happy.
She wasn't very kind to him.
She wasn't very talkative, was she?
She wasn't wailing anymore...
She wasn't waiting for him.
She wasn't wealthy enough to feed her dog meat every day.
She wasn't wearing her hat.
She wasn't wearing her new coat.
She wasn't wearing her seat belt.
She wasn't wearing her uniform then.
She wasn't wearing her uniform.
She wasn't wearing her wedding ring.
She wasn't where she should've been.
She wasn't willing to go by herself.
She wasn't with him.
She wasn't working with him.
She wasn't worried about her grades.
She wasn't worried about him.
She wasn't writing.
She wasn't your sister.
She wasn’t a bit impatient.
She wasn’t able to contact him by phone.
She wasn’t able to explain this situation to me.
She wasn’t able to meet him.
She wasn’t able to open the bottle.
She wasn’t able to talk to him.
She wasn’t beautiful, but she had big, kind brown eyes and a sweet smile.
She wasn’t dancing with him then.
She wasn’t friendly with him then.
She wasn’t happy at hearing the news.
She wasn’t helping her mother.
She wasn’t hurt, but she got goose bumps when her car nearly crashed.
She wasn’t polite to him.
She wasn’t wealthy enough to feed her dog meat every day.
She wasted energy.
She wasted money.
She wasted time.
She wastes all her money on clothing.
She wastes all of her money on clothes.
She wastes her money.
She watched "The Godfather."
She watched Minecraft videos on YouTube.
She watched TV until she fell asleep.
She watched TV while she ate dinner.
She watched TV with him.
She watched TV yesterday.
She watched a movie with him.
She watched a news channel.
She watched baseball.
She watched from her porch.
She watched him and the other boys playing baseball.
She watched him continue to fight as hard as he could.
She watched him dance.
She watched him draw a picture.
She watched him drawing a picture.
She watched him eat.
She watched him get out of his car.
She watched him swim.
She watched him work.
She watched in awe as the skilled pyrotechnician launched fireworks into the night sky, each explosion a burst of color and light.
She watched in awe.
She watched in despair as the thief stomped on her garden plants.
She watched over her mother all night.
She watched some rare episodes of her favorite police procedural.
She watched television yesterday.
She watched that aghast.
She watched that documentary.
She watched the apple trees burst into blossom.
She watched the balloon burst.
She watched the bird carefully.
She watched the birds intently and joyfully.
She watched the cartoon with me.
She watched the children going back to school.
She watched the children playing in the brook.
She watched the children swimming in the pond.
She watched the children swimming in the pool.
She watched the dead, falling leaves.
She watched the evening news with him.
She watched the film only once.
She watched the gardens grow, and she watched the apples turn red and ripen.
She watched the grass turn green.
She watched the harvest gathered and the apples picked.
She watched the nib of her pen glide around the surface of the page, an inky line trailing behind it.
She watched the passengers get off the bus.
She watched the storm roll in from the distance.
She watched the tiny puppy clamber up the big stairs.
She watched the traveling salesman approach her doorstep.
She watched the treeline.
She watched them as they chatted about this and that, unable to hear what they were saying to each other because of too much distance.
She watched videos on Facebook before turning off the light.
She watches PBS.
She watches TV all the time.
She watches TV constantly.
She watches TV while ironing her clothes.
She watches all of MrBeast's videos.
She watches football alone.
She watches football.
She watches him.
She watches television at night.
She watches television from four to six.
She watches the horizon with hope.
She watches the horizon with quiet resolve.
She watches the other kids playing, but she never joins in.
She watches the sea with calm resolve.
She watches the stars with quiet wonder.
She watches the stars with wonder.
She watches the world with a calm heart.
She watches too much television.
She watches us from the sky.
She watered a tree.
She watered her horse.
She watered the flower garden.
She watered the plants in the garden.
She watered the plants.
She waters the flowers every evening.
She waters the flowers.
She waters the garden.
She waved at him.
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.
She waved back.
She waved both her hands so that he could find her.
She waved bye.
She waved dismissively.
She waved good-bye to me.
She waved goodbye to him.
She waved goodbye to me.
She waved goodbye to the boy as he left.
She waved her arms in hopes of getting his attention.
She waved her arms.
She waved her hand and smiled.
She waved her hand at me.
She waved her hand at the sight of me.
She waved her hand to me, smiling brightly.
She waved her hand to me.
She waved her hand to us.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
She waved her hand.
She waved him goodbye.
She waved me aside.
She waved to everyone she saw.
She waved to him and he waved back.
She waved.
She wavers, she dithers: in one word, a woman.
She waxed her car.
She wears Kabyle dresses all the time.
She wears a Kabyle dress.
She wears a brooch.
She wears a dress.
She wears a girdle.
She wears a gray blouse and a blue scarf.
She wears a headscarf for spiritual reasons.
She wears a light blue jacket.
She wears a lot of jewellery.
She wears a lot of jewelry.
She wears a lot of makeup.
She wears a really cute hijab.
She wears a size 13 shoe.
She wears a sweet perfume.
She wears a veil to hide her wounds.
She wears a wig, doesn't she?
She wears a wig.
She wears a woolen sweater.
She wears a woolly jumper.
She wears an anklet.
She wears an eyepatch.
She wears ankle boots.
She wears beautiful clothes.
She wears braids.
She wears dancing shoes.
She wears dentures.
She wears designer clothes.
She wears dotted gowns to catch attention.
She wears earrings.
She wears flamboyant clothes to draw attention.
She wears glasses and so does he.
She wears glasses.
She wears green shoes.
She wears heavy makeup.
She wears her Kabyle dress every day.
She wears her hair down.
She wears her hair in a bun.
She wears her hair loose.
She wears her hair short.
She wears her hair up.
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.
She wears khaki pants and a beige blazer, her curly dark hair is tied in a bun on top of her head, her glasses are fashionably small and square and dark-framed.
She wears long dresses because she's Muslim.
She wears long skirts.
She wears me out.
She wears nice shoes.
She wears potato sacks for clothes.
She wears rings on her ears.
She wears the headscarf for religious reasons.
She wears the same dress as her mother.
She wears the same kind of clothes as her sister wears.
She wears the same kinds of clothes as her sister.
She wears the same watch as mine.
She wears the trousers in that house.
She wears the trousers.
She wears too much makeup and looks like a slut.
She wears too much perfume and eyeshadow under the pretence of being mysterious.
She wears vanity glasses.
She weaved through the defenders with the ball.
She weaves her baskets in the same style as her ancestors who lived in the desert and harvested fruit and vegetables.
She weeded the garden.
She weighed forty pounds.
She weighed her options.
She weighed herself.
She weighs 120 pounds.
She weighs about ninety pounds, soaking wet.
She weighs fifty-five kilograms.
She weighs herself every day.
She weighs herself every morning.
She weighs more than 80 kg.
She weighs more than Skura does.
She weighs more than he does.
She weighs seventy kilos.
She weighs sixty kilos.
She weighs two hundred seventy pounds.
She welcomed everyone.
She welcomed me with great enthusiasm.
She welded a pipe.
She went a night without sleeping.
She went about the household chores.
She went abroad.
She went against her parents' wishes and married the foreigner.
She went against her parent’s wishes, and married the foreigner.
She went ahead with her plan.
She went all the way to see her doctor only to find him absent.
She went and sat down beside her sisters, showing them a thousand civilities, and giving them among other things part of the oranges and citrons with which the Prince had regaled her. This very much surprised them, for they had not been presented to her.
She went around the apartment to see that everything was in order.
She went as far as the station by herself.
She went astray in the woods.
She went at the invitation of an unknown man.
She went away to Italy.
She went away without saying a word.
She went away without saying goodbye.
She went away without so much as saying good-bye to us.
She went away.
She went back into her office.
She went back into her room.
She went back into the house.
She went back into the room to check on him.
She went back there.
She went back to Adekkar.
She went back to Africa.
She went back to Algeria.
She went back to England in the end.
She went back to Judaism.
She went back to Kabylie, Algeria.
She went back to Mom's grave.
She went back to Spain.
She went back to her bedroom.
She went back to her car.
She went back to her desk.
She went back to her dorm.
She went back to her farm.
She went back to her hometown.
She went back to her hotel room.
She went back to her hotel.
She went back to her office.
She went back to her room.
She went back to her seat.
She went back to her writing.
She went back to school.
She went back to takanna.
She went back to the bridge to fetch the van.
She went back to the farm.
She went back to the hospital.
She went back to the hotel.
She went back to the house.
She went back to the living room.
She went back to the party.
She went ballistic when I said that.
She went blind.
She went bonkers.
She went by bus.
She went by cab to the museum.
She went by herself.
She went by the name of Bess.
She went by, but she didn't see me.
She went crazy with fear.
She went crazy.
She went down on her knees to pray.
She went down that road.
She went down the slide.
She went down the stairs in a hurry.
She went down the stairs.
She went down to the bunker.
She went down to the fifth floor.
She went down to the lobby to meet him.
She went down to the third floor.
She went downstairs.
She went downtown with her friends.
She went either to London or to Paris.
She went emotionless due to embarrassment.
She went far away.
She went farther.
She went first.
She went fishing.
She went for a deep tissue massage because her back was hurting.
She went for a gynaecological checkup.
She went for a walk before breakfast.
She went for a walk in the park.
She went for a walk with her dad this morning.
She went for a walk with him this morning.
She went for a walk with someone.
She went for a walk yesterday.
She went for a walk.
She went for it.
She went from London to Paris.
She went from calm to angry over the course of the day.
She went from one shop to another.
She went from place to place in search of him.
She went grocery shopping.
She went home and cried.
She went home and locked herself in her bedroom.
She went home by herself.
She went home with him.
She went home.
She went home. She had a family emergency.
She went horse-riding this morning.
She went hunting.
She went in by herself.
She went in for the audition last week.
She went in for too many events, and so won none.
She went in search of a doctor for her sick baby.
She went in search of her lost child.
She went in there.
She went in through the door.
She went in to get it.
She went in.
She went inside her room so she could rest.
She went inside the cabin.
She went inside the door.
She went inside.
She went instead of him.
She went into ecstasies about the ring he had bought her.
She went into her bedroom.
She went into her dressing room.
She went into her room to change her dress.
She went into her room to dress herself.
She went into her room.
She went into labor when she was in the bathroom.
She went into teaching.
She went into the bathroom.
She went into the boudoir again.
She went into the cabin, and barred the door.
She went into the cave to rescue him.
She went into the classroom.
She went into the garage.
She went into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
She went into the mosque and wore a scarf.
She went into the room and lay on the bed.
She went into the study.
She went into the tent.
She went into the woods in search of her lost child.
She went livid.
She went looking for him.
She went mad after the death of her son.
She went mad because of the shock.
She went mad with delight to hear the news.
She went mad.
She went nearly mad with grief after the child died.
She went off by herself.
She went off script.
She went off south or somewhere in that direction.
She went off with her friends.
She went on a camping trip with him.
She went on a date with him.
She went on a journey a few days ago.
She went on a picnic with him.
She went on a picnic.
She went on a reducing diet.
She went on a shopping trip.
She went on a trip by herself.
She went on a trip for a few days.
She went on another shopping spree.
She went on at me for coming home late.
She went on doing it.
She went on doing what she was doing.
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no news from her husband.
She went on laughing and dancing with the thought of death all the time in her heart.
She went on one date with him.
She went on picnic in spirits.
She went on reading and didn't answer me.
She went on reading and didn’t answer me.
She went on reading her book as though nothing had happened.
She went on speaking.
She went on talking about her new car at the party.
She went on talking to her friend even after the class began.
She went on the stage when she was 16.
She went on to become his wife.
She went on to lay out two more parks in the town.
She went on trial charged with murdering her husband.
She went on vacation to the Bahamas.
She went on with the work.
She went on working till he called her.
She went on working.
She went out despite her mother forbidding her to do so.
She went out early.
She went out for a walk with him.
She went out for a walk.
She went out just now.
She went out looking for him.
She went out of her room grinning.
She went out of her study.
She went out of her way to do such a foolish thing.
She went out of her way to help him.
She went out of the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law with her. They went on the way to return to the land of Judah.
She went out of the restaurant.
She went out of the room in anger.
She went out of the room in silence and closed the door.
She went out of the room with downcast eyes.
She went out of the room.
She went out on a binge.
She went out on a limb defending him, and now she has lost her job.
She went out on her bicycle.
She went out to America when she was young, and lived in the town of Atlanta, where she married this Hebron, who was a lawyer with a good practice.
She went out to America when she was young, and lived in the town of Atlanta.
She went out to buy some food.
She went out to check the trees.
She went out to do her chores.
She went out to get something.
She went out to have some fresh air.
She went out to her car.
She went out to look for a taxi.
She went out to look for him.
She went out to meet her aunt Djoher.
She went out to see her aunt Djoher.
She went out to the backyard.
She went out to the garden.
She went out when she finished her work.
She went out with her dog.
She went out with her friends.
She went out with her on the rebound.
She went out with him on the rebound.
She went out with him.
She went out without even asking me to have a seat.
She went out without saying a word.
She went out without saying good-bye.
She went out without saying goodbye.
She went out.
She went outside for some air.
She went outside to catch a bit of fresh air.
She went outside to get a breath of fresh air.
She went outside.
She went over and hugged him.
She went over and sat down next to him.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
She went over to talk to him.
She went over to the new house.
She went pale.
She went quiet.
She went roller skating with him.
She went running to see who was outside. She opened, and there was the frog.
She went secretly.
She went shopping at a supermarket.
She went shopping elsewhere.
She went shopping with her family.
She went shopping with her friend.
She went shopping with her mother.
She went shopping with him last Monday.
She went shopping with him.
She went shopping, leaving her little child all alone.
She went shopping.
She went silent.
She went skiing.
She went slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
She went snowmobiling with him.
She went so far as to call him a fool.
She went so far as to say that he was a swindler.
She went somewhere.
She went stark raving mad after learning of her brother's suicide.
She went straight to bed.
She went straight to her computer to chat.
She went straight to her room.
She went surfing.
She went swimming with her friends.
She went that way.
She went there by herself.
She went there herself.
She went there instead of him.
She went there last summer.
She went there to meet him.
She went there to study Berber.
She went there to swim.
She went there to talk to him.
She went there yesterday.
She went there.
She went through a long and arduous vocational course.
She went through his computer.
She went through his phone.
She went through many things.
She went through the CCTV footage.
She went to Algeria.
She went to America for the purpose of studying English literature.
She went to America the day before yesterday.
She went to America with a view to studying medicine.
She went to America.
She went to Ashgabat.
She went to Australia with him.
She went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
She went to Austria to study music.
She went to Berber class.
She went to Bible camp.
She went to Boston by herself.
She went to Boston last weekend with him.
She went to Boston to help him.
She went to Boston to look for him.
She went to Boston to meet him.
She went to Boston to see him.
She went to Boston to visit him.
She went to Boston with him.
She went to Chicago by bus.
She went to Chuck's Diner to meet him.
She went to England a year ago.
She went to England about a year ago.
She went to Europe via America.
She went to Europe via the United States.
She went to France for the purpose of studying art.
She went to France in order to study art.
She went to France in order to study music.
She went to France to study art.
She went to France to study music.
She went to Germany for the purpose of studying music.
She went to Germany to study medicine.
She went to Ibaraki.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She went to Italy in order to study literature.
She went to Italy to learn Italian.
She went to Italy to study literature.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Italy with a view to studying music.
She went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
She went to Kabylie, Algeria, and I haven't heard from her since.
She went to Kabylie, Algeria.
She went to Kabylie.
She went to Kyoto, didn't she?
She went to Kyoto, didn’t she?
She went to Los Angeles for the purpose of studying dancing.
She went to Mary's.
She went to Mexico by herself.
She went to Moscow.
She went to New York then she went to Montreal.
She went to New York, leaving her family behind.
She went to Paris for the first time.
She went to Paris for the purpose of learning ballet.
She went to Paris for the purpose of seeing her aunt.
She went to Paris in order to study art.
She went to Paris to live her dream.
She went to Paris to see her aunt.
She went to Paris to study art.
She went to Paris to study arts.
She went to Paris to study music.
She went to Paris, but her parents went to London.
She went to Shanghai by train.
She went to Sidi Aïche.
She went to Takasu clinic.
She went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
She went to a boarding school in New England.
She went to a fancy restaurant.
She went to a fortune teller to ask her if she'll meet a man who loves her soon.
She went to a friend's wedding yesterday, so she's having a lie-in today.
She went to a girls' school.
She went to a little restaurant.
She went to a movie the other day.
She went to a museum.
She went to a nearby camp.
She went to a new school.
She went to a performing arts school.
She went to a posh school.
She went to a pretty big school.
She went to a restaurant.
She went to a shopping mall.
She went to a single-sex school.
She went to a swimming class.
She went to an Islamic high school.
She went to another country.
She went to apply for a replacement.
She went to be churched before the baptism.
She went to bed after taking her medicine.
She went to bed early.
She went to bed here, near me.
She went to bed late last night.
She went to bed too late and was late to school.
She went to bed troubled.
She went to bed with me.
She went to bed, having set the alarm for seven.
She went to bed.
She went to buy a Quechua dictionary.
She went to buy a comic book.
She went to buy a horse.
She went to buy a ring binder.
She went to buy a rug.
She went to buy a satchel.
She went to buy a schoolbag.
She went to buy a tricycle.
She went to buy some playing cards.
She went to buy some wine.
She went to check.
She went to church with him.
She went to college after she got married.
She went to college to learn English.
She went to college to study English.
She went to college, didn't she?
She went to court.
She went to cry outside.
She went to dinner with him.
She went to elementary school with him.
She went to forget.
She went to get a glass of water for him.
She went to get her hair cut.
She went to get her stuff.
She went to get some fresh air.
She went to get some ice cream.
She went to help him.
She went to her bedroom.
She went to her parents' house.
She went to her parents' place.
She went to her room crying, and asked that no one bother her.
She went to her room in tears, and asked not to be disturbed.
She went to her room to study.
She went to her room.
She went to high school in Algeria.
She went to high school with him.
She went to high school with me.
She went to high school.
She went to his house to help him.
She went to hospital by taxi.
She went to jail.
She went to law school.
She went to live with her grandmother.
She went to mass every day.
She went to meet a friend.
She went to night school.
She went to prison.
She went to rehab and straightened herself out.
She went to school by car.
She went to school early.
She went to school every day.
She went to school in Algiers.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her leg.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her right leg.
She went to school this afternoon.
She went to school this morning.
She went to school with him.
She went to school, but didn't study much.
She went to school.
She went to see Mom's grave.
She went to see him in the hospital every day.
She went to see him reluctantly.
She went to see him the other day.
She went to see him while he was staying in Boston.
She went to see him.
She went to sleep and never woke up.
She went to sleep.
She went to that school.
She went to that store.
She went to the Takasu clinic.
She went to the United States for the purpose of studying English literature.
She went to the United States to study medicine.
She went to the United States with a view to study medicine.
She went to the University of Nebraska at Kearney and spoke with strange accent were everything she said sounded like a question.
She went to the airport to see him off.
She went to the art museum by taxi.
She went to the back door.
She went to the back of the line.
She went to the backyard.
She went to the bank.
She went to the barn.
She went to the beauty parlor.
She went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
She went to the cabin to look for a flashlight.
She went to the cabinet of maps and unrolled one.
She went to the cemetery by herself.
She went to the church.
She went to the cinema that day.
She went to the cinema the other day.
She went to the cinema with her parents.
She went to the cinema with him.
She went to the circus with him.
She went to the dentist.
She went to the diner.
She went to the doctor's.
She went to the doctor.
She went to the door and opened it.
She went to the door to welcome her friends.
She went to the farm.
She went to the fountain to draw water.
She went to the fountain.
She went to the front of the mansion.
She went to the grocer's to buy some plantain.
She went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done.
She went to the hairdresser's.
She went to the hairdresser’s to have her hair done.
She went to the hairdresser’s.
She went to the hospital by taxi.
She went to the hospital to speak with him.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
She went to the hospital.
She went to the house several times.
She went to the house.
She went to the jungle.
She went to the kitchen.
She went to the lake with him.
She went to the laundry and has not returned yet.
She went to the library.
She went to the mall with her friends.
She went to the mall with him.
She went to the mall.
She went to the market once a week.
She went to the market to buy fresh vegetables.
She went to the market.
She went to the mosque almost every day.
She went to the mosque every Friday.
She went to the mosque library.
She went to the mosque.
She went to the movies alone.
She went to the movies by herself.
She went to the movies with her parents.
She went to the movies.
She went to the museum by cab.
She went to the museum by taxi.
She went to the museum with him.
She went to the museum.
She went to the nearest medical center.
She went to the new hairdresser in town.
She went to the osteopathic clinic because of a bad back ache.
She went to the park by herself.
She went to the park to feed the birds.
She went to the park to meet him.
She went to the park with her dog.
She went to the park with him.
She went to the park.
She went to the party by herself.
She went to the police station again.
She went to the police station to report him because he demanded anal sex from her.
She went to the police station.
She went to the post office to send the package.
She went to the post office.
She went to the prison to visit him.
She went to the prom with ebullience, as she was to see her beloved Kenkichi.
She went to the radio tower.
She went to the railway station to see him off.
She went to the second floor.
She went to the shopping mall with him.
She went to the spring but didn't bring back water.
She went to the spring to fetch water.
She went to the station to see her teacher off.
She went to the station to see him off.
She went to the station.
She went to the store on her bike.
She went to the store to buy some groceries.
She went to the store.
She went to the swimming pool directly.
She went to the synagogue.
She went to the temple.
She went to the theater with Skura.
She went to the theater with him.
She went to the train station to see him off.
She went to the train station with him.
She went to the woods to search for food.
She went to the woods.
She went to the zoo with him.
She went to the zoo.
She went to this shop and that.
She went to university to study English.
She went to visit Mom.
She went to visit her uncles.
She went to work.
She went too far.
She went travelling a few days ago.
She went travelling with her friend.
She went up on the stage to explain the situation.
She went up to the mountain behind our home.
She went up to the rooftop of the apartment building to fix the antenna.
She went up.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
She went upstairs to her room.
She went upstairs.
She went with Mina.
She went with him to Boston.
She went with him to the cinema.
She went with him to the library.
She went with him to the movies.
She went with him to the zoo.
She went with him.
She went with me to hospital.
She went without knowing where.
She went without saying goodbye.
She went, and came and gleaned in the field after the reapers; and she happened to come to the portion of the field belonging to Boaz, who was of the family of Elimelech.
She wept all the night.
She wept and prayed for poor Inge.
She wept at the news.
She wept bitterly.
She wept like anything.
She wept over her child's death.
She wept over her child’s death.
She wept over her son's death.
She wept over her son’s death.
She wept reading the letter.
She wept the entire night.
She wept very bitterly.
She wept when she heard the terrible news.
She wept with emotion.
She wet her lips with her tongue.
She wets her bed at night.
She wetted a towel.
She wetted the washcloth.
She whipped out her pistol.
She whipped the cream for the cake filling.
She whispered a secret into the night.
She whispered a secret to the boy.
She whispered her darkest secret to him.
She whispered his name into his ear.
She whispered his name.
She whispered in her ear something.
She whispered in his ear how much she loved him.
She whispered in his ear something.
She whispered in my ear.
She whispered it in my ear.
She whispered softly to him.
She whispered something into his ear.
She whispered something to him.
She whispered to her horse.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She whispered, but no one heard.
She whispered.
She whispers to him.
She whistled as she worked.
She whistled.
She whistles while she walks.
She who doesn't want to love people must love trees and dogs.
She wiggled her toes.
She will accompany him.
She will accompany me on the piano.
She will always be in my heart.
She will always be there.
She will always be with you.
She will always love her.
She will always love him.
She will apply for a job in a computer company.
She will arrive around noon.
She will arrive in Tokyo at the beginning of next month.
She will ask Tom.
She will assist us.
She will attempt to visit all the sky islands in the state in one week.
She will attend the meeting instead of me.
She will be 20 next month.
She will be 22 next year.
She will be a beauty when she grows up.
She will be a college student next spring.
She will be a famous artist in the future.
She will be a good companion for him.
She will be a good companion for you.
She will be a teacher.
She will be able to answer your question.
She will be able to do that.
She will be able to play the piano well.
She will be able to swim in a week.
She will be able to swim soon.
She will be along soon.
She will be an asset to the Purchasing Department.
She will be back at five.
She will be back at two o'clock.
She will be back before long.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
She will be back on her feet soon.
She will be back tomorrow.
She will be back within a week.
She will be back.
She will be buying her ticket today.
She will be coming to see me this afternoon.
She will be coming to see us again soon.
She will be coming to the party too.
She will be famous in the future.
She will be filming at Nuja’s school.
She will be flattered if you go to see her in person.
She will be forever in my heart.
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.
She will be happy to know you want to see her.
She will be happy to see you again.
She will be happy when she gets engaged.
She will be happy when she gets married.
She will be here any minute.
She will be here before long.
She will be here for at least a week.
She will be here in no time.
She will be here this evening.
She will be here tonight.
She will be hungry.
She will be important.
She will be in New York for two weeks.
She will be in Paris by now.
She will be in her office all morning.
She will be jealous.
She will be late for dinner.
She will be loved.
She will be missed.
She will be overjoyed at this good news.
She will be punished.
She will be ready.
She will be released from the hospital soon.
She will be relocated to New Zealand.
She will be remembered.
She will be right here wainting for you.
She will be right.
She will be scolded by her father.
She will be seventeen in February.
She will be seventeen next year.
She will be seventeen years old next February.
She will be sixty-five years old tomorrow.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
She will be the first female Japanese astronaut.
She will be the next mayor.
She will be there by now.
She will be working.
She will become a doctor in two years.
She will become a doctor within two years.
She will become a doctor.
She will become, she too will take her place among them.
She will bring Tom.
She will bring something new.
She will bury us all.
She will call the doctor.
She will call you soon.
She will care for you from now on.
She will carry out her plan, regardless of expense.
She will carry out her plans, regardless of the cost.
She will catch us.
She will catch you.
She will change her mind again.
She will change her mind.
She will change it.
She will change trains in Stockholm.
She will cheat him, as she has so many others.
She will cheat him, as so many others.
She will clean my room.
She will clear the table of the dishes.
She will come back before long.
She will come back from school by six o'clock.
She will come back from school by six o’clock.
She will come back soon to visit us.
She will come back sooner or later.
She will come even if she is tired.
She will come here before long.
She will come if you ask her.
She will come in the afternoon.
She will come next year.
She will come out now.
She will come soon.
She will come to this place soon.
She will come.
She will consider this.
She will cope with all the work.
She will cope with difficult problems.
She will copy her friend's notebook.
She will decide for me.
She will defeat them.
She will die, I will follow her behind.
She will die.
She will do anything I want.
She will do her best to be here on time.
She will do it her own way.
She will do it.
She will do what I tell her.
She will do what is best for society.
She will do whatever I want.
She will do whatever it takes to find Mary.
She will drink red wine.
She will drop it this time.
She will easily make it up to you.
She will eat it.
She will end up knowing her properly.
She will escape.
She will eventually take her place among them as well.
She will fail eventually.
She will finally leave tomorrow by plane.
She will find her husband.
She will find her.
She will find them.
She will finish serving her sentence next month.
She will fix it.
She will flee.
She will follow Tom.
She will follow you.
She will forever live on in our memories.
She will get along with my grandmother.
She will get her chance.
She will get her revenge.
She will get jailed.
She will get married this summer.
She will get married to a rich man.
She will get over the shock soon.
She will get these.
She will get well in a week.
She will get well soon.
She will give a party next week.
She will give birth in July.
She will give birth soon.
She will give birth to a child next month.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
She will give it to Jack.
She will give you what money she has.
She will go abroad in six months.
She will go out this afternoon.
She will go to the cinema tomorrow.
She will grow on John.
She will grow up to be a very good pianist.
She will harvest her wheat in July.
She will haunt him.
She will have a baby next month.
She will have a child next month.
She will have a few days' rest.
She will have been in hospital for a month next Monday.
She will have been married for six years on June 10th of this year.
She will have dinner.
She will have enough.
She will have finished her job by evening.
She will have her own way.
She will have it that the conditions are unfair.
She will have no choice but to accept.
She will have planted roses tomorrow by 3 o'clock.
She will have taken the bus.
She will have the courage to disclose their secret.
She will have to be by herself during her stay at Oxford.
She will have to cook for everyone.
She will have to earn her own living.
She will have to leave.
She will help me choose myself a new car.
She will help us.
She will hide it.
She will join us later.
She will kill herself if she doesn't see her child.
She will lay the doll on her bed.
She will learn.
She will leave Japan in April.
She will leave for New York next Sunday.
She will leave for Tokyo next month.
She will leave the hospital soon.
She will leave this city next month.
She will lend you her umbrella.
She will let it go this time.
She will lie to her husband.
She will like it.
She will like the wine.
She will likely change her mind.
She will live forever in our hearts.
She will look after you.
She will look great in this Kabyle dress.
She will lose weight.
She will love her husband for good.
She will love it.
She will love this Kabyle dress.
She will make a business trip to London next week.
She will make a fine match for my son.
She will make a fond mother.
She will make a good wife.
She will make him a good wife.
She will make it.
She will make us a nice dinner.
She will manage to know her really well.
She will miss me.
She will miss the next match.
She will miss the train.
She will need a car next week.
She will need a new account on the system.
She will never admit her fault.
She will never be able to get the things she pursues!
She will never change her mind.
She will never die.
She will never forget that day.
She will never forgive me.
She will never have a second chance to visit Europe.
She will never lead again.
She will never make it.
She will never own up to a mistake.
She will never read again.
She will never talk about it.
She will not approve.
She will not be able to come here tomorrow.
She will not be beholden to special interests.
She will not be like the lovely girl in the Temple whom you resemble.
She will not be ready.
She will not budge an inch no matter what anyone says.
She will not buy any bread.
She will not come today.
She will not die.
She will not do it.
She will not fail to abide by his promise.
She will not forget listening to the sad tune.
She will not help poor people.
She will not help us.
She will not stick to her word.
She will not succeed in laughing at my expense.
She will notice sooner or later.
She will notify Tom.
She will often go shopping on holidays.
She will often listen to records for hours.
She will often sit there feeding birds.
She will only go to bed after she finishes reading this short essay.
She will outlast us all.
She will outlive us all.
She will pay 50 dollars at most.
She will pay for everything.
She will pay for this.
She will pay up to fifty dollars.
She will perceive his irony.
She will play soccer tomorrow.
She will play the starring role in one of the Autumn's biggest film premiers.
She will probably be married when you are released from prison.
She will probably become a teacher.
She will probably change her mind.
She will probably forget her promise.
She will probably go to the park tomorrow.
She will probably marry one day.
She will probably not go.
She will probably refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She will probably refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn’t like him.
She will protect you.
She will rapidly progress in her piano lessons.
She will read a book.
She will refuse to listen to you.
She will regret this.
She will remain a bachelorette, if she keeps waiting for her Prince Charming.
She will remember this her whole life.
She will report directly to me.
She will rest for a few days.
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.
She will return home to her family.
She will return within 3 hours.
She will return within an hour.
She will ruin us all.
She will save us.
She will see her this evening.
She will see him this evening.
She will see the light with her eyes.
She will seize us, and, instead of finding happiness, we shall perish, and all for nothing.
She will sell her house.
She will set limits for her.
She will set limits for him.
She will show you around this town.
She will show you how to fish.
She will sleep well tonight.
She will sometimes sit still for hours.
She will soon clear away these dishes.
She will soon.
She will speak.
She will specialize in American history.
She will start for Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
She will start her maternity leave next week.
She will start her new job on Monday.
She will stay at your side.
She will stay for 5 days.
She will stay there for a long time.
She will study.
She will succeed in knowing her thoroughly.
She will suck you dry.
She will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour.
She will survive.
She will take care of everything for us.
She will take her dog to the river.
She will take her sister to the party.
She will take it.
She will take you somewhere else.
She will tan on the beach during her vacation.
She will trust you.
She will try again.
She will try it.
She will try.
She will turn 15 tomorrow.
She will turn sixty-five years old tomorrow.
She will visit Tifra.
She will visit her mother next Tuesday.
She will visit her uncle in Kyoto next week.
She will wash dishes.
She will wear a lovely red dress.
She will win the first prize.
She will win.
She will without a doubt visit England this summer.
She will work.
She will worm the secret out of him. I had better trust her with it at once.
She will write a letter after school.
She will write another book one of these days.
She will write to her sister.
She will write to me as soon as she returns to her country.
She willingly acceded to my request.
She winced, and he squeezed her hand more firmly.
She winked at Tom.
She winked at him and blew him a kiss.
She winked at him as soon as she saw him and gestured for him to stay with her.
She winked at him.
She winked at me as if she were telling me she knew everything.
She winked at me as if to say she knew everything.
She winked at me as if to tell me she knew everything.
She winked at me as much as to say she knew everything.
She winked at me, as much as to say, I love you.
She winked at me.
She winked mischievously.
She wiped a tear from her cheek.
She wiped away a tear quickly.
She wiped away her tears.
She wiped her eyes.
She wiped her face of tears.
She wiped her face with a handkerchief.
She wiped her feet on the doormat.
She wiped her feet on the mat.
She wiped her forehead.
She wiped her hands on her jeans.
She wiped her tears away.
She wiped her tears with the back of her hand.
She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
She wiped him out of her memory.
She wiped the sand from her legs.
She wipes the bar after every customer.
She wired she was coming soon.
She wired some money to him.
She wished for a more relaxing life, but that was impossible under the circumstances.
She wished he had more time for her.
She wished her eyelashes were as long as her baby boy's.
She wished her mother would not be mad at her.
She wished it would stop raining by noon.
She wished me good night.
She wished me success.
She wished she could dance the tango.
She wished she could fly.
She wished she could speak Berber to talk to her mother-in-law.
She wished she could spend more time with him.
She wished she had a decent job.
She wished she had a dog.
She wished she had been born twenty years earlier.
She wished she had more free time.
She wished she had more friends.
She wished she had more money.
She wished she had more time.
She wished she had parents.
She wished she had something to do.
She wished she hadn't borrowed the book from him.
She wished she hadn't done that.
She wished she hadn't looked.
She wished she hadn't mentioned that she knew him.
She wished she hadn't promised him she'd go to Boston with him.
She wished she hadn't said that.
She wished she hadn't told him she loved him.
She wished she hadn't won.
She wished she was with him.
She wished she were dead.
She wished she were still single.
She wished she were taller.
She wished she'd been more careful.
She wished she'd never met him.
She wished she'd studied harder.
She wished that she could spend more time with him.
She wished that she hadn't borrowed the book from him.
She wished the lovely dog belonged to her.
She wished them some peace.
She wished to be beautiful.
She wished to become very famous.
She wished to punish only those responsible.
She wishes Adriano could appreciate nature more.
She wishes Adriano could attend her wedding.
She wishes Adriano could be less stubborn.
She wishes Adriano could be more adventurous.
She wishes Adriano could be more communicative.
She wishes Adriano could be more empathetic.
She wishes Adriano could be more optimistic.
She wishes Adriano could be more romantic.
She wishes Adriano could be more spontaneous.
She wishes Adriano could be more supportive.
She wishes Adriano could be more understanding.
She wishes Adriano could see her performance.
She wishes Adriano would apologize.
She wishes Adriano would call her.
She wishes Adriano would listen to her.
She wishes Adriano would surprise her more often.
She wishes he could be more transparent.
She wishes she could fly.
She wishes she could speak Berber.
She wishes she could speak French.
She wishes she could swap places with him.
She wishes she had a bigger car.
She wishes she had a larger office.
She wishes she had gone to the theater last night.
She wishes she hadn't done that.
She wishes she hadn't won.
She wishes she was a better swimmer.
She wishes she were a millionaire.
She wishes she were on holiday.
She wishes she'd done that, too.
She wishes she'd done that.
She wishes she'd waited for him.
She wishes she'd won.
She wishes that she could be a better singer.
She wishes to be with her family.
She wishes to become a doctor.
She wishes to bring you along.
She wishes to lighten the burden.
She wishes to press charges.
She wishes to purchase a book.
She wishes you well.
She withdrew $300 from her account.
She withdrew five thousand pounds in cash.
She withdrew her head from a window.
She withdrew the 12 000 euros from her business account, as well as 2 000 from her personal savings.
She witnessed him being killed.
She witnessed the crime.
She witnessed the truth of the statement.
She wobbled as she walked across the balance beam.
She woke from her nap.
She woke from her slumber.
She woke him up gently.
She woke him up.
She woke me up and she started bitching about how lazy I was.
She woke them up.
She woke to find herself in the hospital.
She woke up before him.
She woke up early in the morning.
She woke up early that morning.
She woke up early this morning.
She woke up from her nap.
She woke up in the early morning.
She woke up in the middle of the night and heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen.
She woke up in the middle of the night.
She woke up just in time to go to school.
She woke up naked on the floor.
She woke up on her own.
She woke up on the couch.
She woke up suddenly in the middle of a nightmare.
She woke up suddenly, startled by her terrible nightmare!
She woke up to Mom yelling.
She woke up too late and was late to school.
She woke up with a pain in her side.
She woke up.
She woke you up.
She woke you.
She won a bicycle.
She won a bike.
She won a bronze medal.
She won a free car.
She won a gold medal.
She won a lot of money.
She won a medal when she was just 15 years old.
She won a medal.
She won a phone.
She won a prize in the competition.
She won a prize in the spelling competition.
She won a silver medal.
She won again.
She won an Academy Award for best supporting actress.
She won an Academy Award for her performance in the film.
She won an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress.
She won an Oscar.
She won an award for it.
She won an award.
She won by a small number of votes.
She won everything.
She won fifty different medals.
She won first prize in the exhibition.
She won first prize in the speech contest.
She won his affection.
She won it in last year's competition.
She won many competitions.
She won my heart with flattery.
She won no less than ten thousand dollars in a competition.
She won popularity in the town.
She won second place in the competition.
She won ten million yen in the lottery.
She won the Miss America pageant.
She won the beauty contest.
She won the bet.
She won the challenge.
She won the competition.
She won the contest.
She won the debate hands down.
She won the election.
She won the fight.
She won the hundred-meter dash.
She won the lottery.
She won the one hundred meter race.
She won the public speaking contest.
She won the race.
She won the triathlon.
She won the wet t-shirt contest.
She won!
She won't admit it, but she's secretly in love with him.
She won't admit that she was wrong.
She won't admit that she's wrong.
She won't agree to a divorce.
She won't allow dogs in her house.
She won't allow herself to be caught.
She won't always be around.
She won't apologize.
She won't argue with him.
She won't be able to do it by herself, so we need to ask someone to help her.
She won't be able to do it.
She won't be able to do that by herself.
She won't be able to fix it herself.
She won't be able to fix that by herself.
She won't be able to fix the car by herself.
She won't be able to fool him.
She won't be able to go with us.
She won't be able to join us.
She won't be able to lift that box by herself.
She won't be able to stop him.
She won't be able to travel with us.
She won't be able to understand it.
She won't be at home today.
She won't be away for long.
She won't be back till five.
She won't be beholden to special interests.
She won't be buying any bread.
She won't be getting any help from him.
She won't be gone long.
She won't be happy about that.
She won't be happy here without him.
She won't be here much longer.
She won't be in time for the meeting.
She won't be jealous.
She won't be late, will she?
She won't be leaving without him.
She won't be missed.
She won't be pleased.
She won't be prepared.
She won't be ready.
She won't be the first one to get off the bus.
She won't be the one singing.
She won't be there, will she?
She won't believe it.
She won't blaspheme anymore.
She won't bother you anymore.
She won't buy any bread.
She won't buy that for him.
She won't call him.
She won't call this evening.
She won't call.
She won't catch him.
She won't change her mind.
She won't change her opinion.
She won't change.
She won't come back.
She won't come just yet.
She won't come out of her room.
She won't come to class tomorrow.
She won't come today.
She won't conform to the town's social patterns.
She won't die any time soon.
She won't die of starvation.
She won't do anything by herself.
She won't do it.
She won't do that again, will she?
She won't do that by herself, will he?
She won't do that by herself.
She won't do that for him.
She won't do that here, will she?
She won't do that herself.
She won't do that now, will she?
She won't do that today, will she?
She won't do that without him.
She won't do that, will she?
She won't do the dishes.
She won't do what she says she'll do.
She won't do you any harm.
She won't do.
She won't drive to Boston by herself.
She won't eat anything I give her.
She won't eat by herself, will she?
She won't eat or drink.
She won't even look at him.
She won't even look at the offer.
She won't even open the door for me.
She won't even speak to him.
She won't fall for that scheme.
She won't fire him.
She won't forget this.
She won't forgive him.
She won't get away.
She won't get better.
She won't get scared.
She won't give up easily.
She won't go back for the world.
She won't go camping by herself.
She won't go even if she's invited.
She won't go shopping without him.
She won't go to Boston without him.
She won't go to the hospital.
She won't go, will she?
She won't have this job much longer.
She won't have to do that by herself.
She won't have to do that herself.
She won't have to pay for the hamburgers either.
She won't have to wait for him.
She won't help him.
She won't help us.
She won't help, will she?
She won't hit him.
She won't hurt herself again.
She won't hurt you.
She won't injure you.
She won't kill herself.
She won't kiss him.
She won't know that you love her unless you tell her.
She won't know what hit her.
She won't know.
She won't leave her dog with you.
She won't leave him there by himself.
She won't leave him.
She won't leave me alone.
She won't leave the room, because she doesn't want to catch another cold.
She won't leave until she's talked to him.
She won't leave.
She won't let anyone help her.
She won't let anyone into her house.
She won't let him go.
She won't let him have his way.
She won't let me anywhere near him.
She won't let me help her.
She won't let me help him.
She won't let me hug her anymore.
She won't let us go there without her.
She won't let us go there without him.
She won't let us help her.
She won't let us help him.
She won't let us sing with her band.
She won't let you guys help her.
She won't let you in her house.
She won't let you leave.
She won't like this.
She won't likely be able to do everything by herself.
She won't likely change her opinion.
She won't likely do that by herself.
She won't likely do that with him.
She won't likely go jogging with him.
She won't likely have to do that by herself.
She won't likely kiss him.
She won't likely speak French to him.
She won't likely stop despising him.
She won't likely trust him.
She won't likely wait for him.
She won't listen to a word I say.
She won't listen to anyone.
She won't listen to her mother.
She won't listen to me.
She won't live much longer.
She won't make it.
She won't need that anymore.
She won't pass the end-of-year examination.
She won't pass the test.
She won't really do that, will she?
She won't recover.
She won't repeat that to you.
She won't return my phone calls.
She won't risk hurting herself.
She won't ruin her clothes.
She won't sit with him.
She won't spill it.
She won't stop beating me.
She won't stop calling and texting me.
She won't stop calling me.
She won't stop complaining.
She won't stop him.
She won't stop loving him.
She won't stop sobbing.
She won't stop.
She won't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She won't take no for an answer.
She won't teach French anymore.
She won't tell anybody, will she?
She won't tell anyone, will she?
She won't tell him.
She won't tell me when she was born.
She won't tell me who she's dating.
She won't tell us anything about herself.
She won't tell us what she knows.
She won't tell us where she lives.
She won't touch that.
She won't want to dance with him.
She won't want to sit next to him.
She won't win.
She wondered about her place in the universe.
She wondered about other galaxies.
She wondered at the sudden change of his mind.
She wondered how deep life goes.
She wondered how his lips would taste.
She wondered how long she'd have to wait for him.
She wondered how many times she'd have to tell him to clean him room before she finally did it.
She wondered if he liked him as much as she liked him.
She wondered if he loved him as much as she loved him.
She wondered if he'd ever work up the courage to kiss her.
She wondered if he'd like the gift she bought him.
She wondered if she had to do that.
She wondered if she should do that.
She wondered if she'd be safe here.
She wondered if she'd been lied to.
She wondered what happened to him.
She wondered what he had in mind.
She wondered what her life would have been like if she had married Tom.
She wondered what her life would've been like if he'd married him.
She wondered what his lips would taste like.
She wondered what she could do.
She wondered what she should cook for him.
She wondered what she should do next.
She wondered what she should do.
She wondered what she should say.
She wondered where Sam was and what he was doing.
She wondered where he hid his keys.
She wondered where she had lost her purse.
She wondered where to hang her coat.
She wondered whether he'd like the gift she bought him.
She wondered whether she should let him go or not.
She wondered whether to phone him.
She wondered whether to ring him.
She wondered which door to open.
She wondered why he'd changed his mind.
She wondered why she'd been invited.
She wonders if he knows what truth means.
She wonders if it's true.
She wonders why we exist.
She wonders why.
She won’t agree to a divorce.
She won’t be back till five.
She won’t be pleased.
She won’t call this evening.
She won’t come just yet.
She won’t come to class tomorrow.
She won’t conform to the town’s social patterns.
She won’t even look at the offer.
She won’t give up easily.
She won’t have this job much longer.
She won’t leave the room, because she doesn’t want to catch another cold.
She won’t need to go to school anymore.
She won’t say when or what the next exhibit will be. This one is called “Ouvert” or “open” — a word that suggests many things.
She won’t take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She wore Kabyle dresses.
She wore a Kabyle dress at the party.
She wore a Kabyle dress for the party.
She wore a Kabyle dress to school.
She wore a Kabyle dress to the wedding.
She wore a Kabyle dress with a beading detail.
She wore a Kabyle dress.
She wore a Kappogi while preparing a traditional Japanese meal.
She wore a beautiful crown.
She wore a beautiful dress.
She wore a beautiful white dress.
She wore a black hat.
She wore a black silk riding-mask, which was then a common fashion.
She wore a black turtleneck sweater without any sleeves.
She wore a blue dress made by her mother for the concert.
She wore a blue pinafore as part of her Dorothy costume.
She wore a blue skirt.
She wore a bright smile when they handed her the service award.
She wore a calf-length skirt.
She wore a classic black blazer to the meeting.
She wore a crop top so that everyone would see her belly button ring.
She wore a crop top to show off her belly button piercing.
She wore a dark blue scarf.
She wore a diamond ring on her left third finger.
She wore a dress in a soft aqua color.
She wore a dress with a boned bodice.
She wore a faded brown sailor hat and beneath the hat, extending down her back, were two braids of very thick, decidedly red hair.
She wore a golden anklet.
She wore a green dress.
She wore a hideous Kabyle dress.
She wore a leotard for her gymnastics routine.
She wore a long, loose coat.
She wore a loose jacket.
She wore a lot of jewellery.
She wore a mask.
She wore a navy trouser suit and a cream blouse.
She wore a new Kabyle dress.
She wore a pink belt that was as ugly as it was expensive.
She wore a pink dress.
She wore a pink, frilly dress.
She wore a pirate costume for Halloween.
She wore a plain blue dress.
She wore a pretty hat.
She wore a pretty weird Kabyle dress.
She wore a red bandana.
She wore a red blouse.
She wore a red cheongsam.
She wore a red dress.
She wore a red scarf around her neck.
She wore a red shirt and a black skirt.
She wore a red silk dress.
She wore a ribbon tied around her hair.
She wore a sad expression.
She wore a silk dress.
She wore a silver star on her vest.
She wore a simple dress.
She wore a sleek black dress.
She wore a sleek black gown to the gala.
She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair.
She wore a stunning black dress to the party.
She wore a stunning black gown.
She wore a stylish black choker necklace to the party.
She wore a sweater that she'd knitted herself.
She wore a sweater that she’d knitted herself.
She wore a traditional Kabyle dress.
She wore a very loose dress that hid her body.
She wore a vest.
She wore a white dress.
She wore a white nightie and fuzzy slippers.
She wore a woollen jumper.
She wore a woolly jumper.
She wore a worn dress.
She wore a yellow ribbon.
She wore all the jewelry that could be crowded on one small woman, and a very strong odor of perfume attended her.
She wore an acrylic sweater.
She wore an apricot-colored dress.
She wore an expensive Kabyle dress.
She wore an incredibly low-cut, breathtakingly nice dress.
She wore black shoes.
She wore black sunglasses to the beach.
She wore elegant high heels to the party.
She wore glasses because she had astigmatism.
She wore glasses.
She wore gloves.
She wore heart-shaped earrings.
She wore her Kabyle dress.
She wore her cutest Kabyle dress.
She wore her hair in plaits.
She wore herself out.
She wore hijab in solidarity with Muslim women who face Islamophobia every day.
She wore hijab to please God.
She wore huge yellow boots.
She wore jeans and a check shirt.
She wore jeans.
She wore neither shoes nor socks.
She wore neither shoes nor stockings.
She wore nothing but Kabyle dresses.
She wore one of her daddy's old shirts as a paint smock.
She wore pajama pants to school.
She wore pajama pants.
She wore primarily Kabyle dresses.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
She wore suggestive clothing.
She wore sunglasses to protect her eyes from the sun.
She wore these shoes with her Kabyle dress.
She worked all her life.
She worked all through the night.
She worked alone.
She worked as a cocktail waitress in a casino.
She worked as a doctor for forty years.
She worked as an aerobics instructor in her twenties.
She worked at a restaurant.
She worked at different restaurants.
She worked at the cost of her health.
She worked at the hospital.
She worked at the market today.
She worked closely with him.
She worked diligently every day and earned a service award.
She worked for a rich man.
She worked for several hours.
She worked for the radio station.
She worked for the secret service.
She worked from morning till night.
She worked hard all day long to finish her project.
She worked hard in behalf of her family.
She worked hard in order to save money.
She worked hard in school.
She worked hard on account of her children.
She worked hard on that.
She worked hard so as to pass the test.
She worked hard to conciliate the conflicting parties and find a middle ground.
She worked hard to get the work done.
She worked hard to reach her goals.
She worked hard writing her speech.
She worked hard, only to fail the examination.
She worked hard.
She worked harder than anyone.
She worked her way through college.
She worked here.
She worked herself into a tizzy.
She worked in Algeria for a little while.
She worked in Belgium.
She worked in France all her life.
She worked long hours as a nursing assistant.
She worked long into the night.
She worked most of her life.
She worked much longer than usual, that's why she felt tired.
She worked on behalf of her family.
She worked on it with her all soul.
She worked on my account.
She worked on that project for twelve years.
She worked part-time to put herself through school.
She worked side by side with men.
She worked so hard that eventually she became ill.
She worked strenuously.
She worked there.
She worked through the night.
She worked tirelessly to become who she is.
She worked to alert the people.
She worked to excess.
She worked under a lot of stress and was able to make up the time lost.
She worked until she dropped.
She worked with him.
She worked with me.
She worked without a break to feed her children until they got married.
She worked.
She works 9-5 every weekday.
She works a lot.
She works a lot: she teaches at a school and also has a job in a bar.
She works across the border.
She works all night.
She works alone.
She works and studies.
She works as a cook in a busy restaurant.
She works as a massage therapist.
She works as a nurse at the hospital.
She works as a nurse in the hospital.
She works as a nurse in the local hospital.
She works as a secretary in an office.
She works as a shop assistant at a baker's shop.
She works as a shop assistant at a baker's.
She works as a stripper.
She works as a teacher in the school.
She works as a translator at a publisher's.
She works as a translator at a publishing house.
She works as a translator.
She works as a waitress at a nearby restaurant.
She works as an advertiser at a New Jersey firm.
She works as an airplane mechanic.
She works as an announcer on television.
She works as an assistant to the manager.
She works as an au pair in Germany.
She works as an au pair.
She works as an ecdysiast.
She works as an interpreter.
She works as an office lady.
She works as an office trainee.
She works as hard as any other student.
She works as hard as anybody does.
She works as hard as her siblings.
She works at Hooters.
She works at a bank.
She works at a hairdressing salon.
She works at a seafood restaurant.
She works at a tattoo parlor.
She works at my titty bar in Houston.
She works at the Pentagon.
She works at the airport.
She works at the bank.
She works at the bookstore.
She works at the local flower shop.
She works at the post office.
She works at the same place her brother does.
She works at the school.
She works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
She works by far the hardest of anyone in my office.
She works even if she's tired.
She works for French intelligence.
She works for a bank.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
She works for a big company.
She works for a dentist.
She works for a foreign industry.
She works for a hospital.
She works for a large American corporation.
She works for a large company.
She works for a large corporation.
She works for free.
She works for her uncle now.
She works for hours.
She works for the common good.
She works from home on Fridays.
She works from home.
She works from nine to five-thirty.
She works from nine.
She works hard and never complains.
She works hard in the office for a small salary.
She works hard to earn her living.
She works hard to master her skills.
She works hard, and so does he.
She works hard.
She works harder than she used to.
She works here, but her office is actually on the first floor.
She works here, but her office is actually on the second floor.
She works here.
She works in A & E at the hospital.
She works in Belgium.
She works in a Fair Trade Shop.
She works in a bank.
She works in a call center.
She works in a car factory.
She works in a garden centre.
She works in a hair salon.
She works in an Oxfam shop.
She works in marketing.
She works in middle management.
She works in mixed media.
She works in that office there.
She works in the Red Cross Hospital.
She works in the hospital's casualty department.
She works in the local flower shop.
She works in world shop.
She works like a dog, but with no results.
She works like a maniac.
She works like an ant.
She works long hours.
She works on a large mural in the city.
She works on an assembly line.
She works on computer.
She works on employee retention strategies.
She works on her own.
She works out as much as she can.
She works out of her home.
She works outside.
She works slowly.
She works so hard that she can get good results.
She works there.
She works too much.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
She works very hard.
She works well, just as usual.
She works with her hands.
She works with him.
She works with my sister in the same factory.
She works with single-minded determination.
She works, too.
She works.
She worried about him.
She worries about her children.
She worries about her weight.
She worries about him.
She worries about making mistakes at work.
She worries about me.
She worries about my health.
She worries about them.
She worries about what they'll think of her choices.
She worries for you.
She worries that she might be suffering from an anxiety disorder.
She worries too much about him.
She worries too much.
She worships Satan.
She worships him and the ground he walks on.
She worships him.
She worships it.
She worships stegosauruses.
She would agree.
She would always text me in Berber.
She would always wear Berber dresses at wedding parties.
She would be a good wife for me.
She would be better off without you.
She would be my friend.
She would be proud of me!
She would be shocked if she were to know the result.
She would be very happy if she could find out that her love was reciprocated.
She would be very happy if she could learn that her love was reciprocated.
She would benefit from a visit.
She would bustle about in the kitchen.
She would by no means tell a lie.
She would catch chafers and beetles and stick them on a pin, after which she would push a leaf or a bit of paper close enough for them to seize with their feet; for the pleasure of seeing them writhe and wriggle in their efforts to free themselves from the pins.
She would cite from the Bible.
She would cook it in her own way.
She would dearly have loved to sweep the floor also, but no broom was visible and she did not like to ask where it was for fear there wasn't one at all.
She would delight in catching flies and tearing off their wings.
She would do anything for you.
She would do crazy things for him.
She would get back to her apartment around 11 p.m.
She would give up her own desires to please those of others.
She would go out in the heavy rain, though I tried to stop her.
She would go out.
She would go with him to Washington.
She would have admitted that she liked Anne--nay, that she was very fond of Anne. But now she knew as she hurried wildly down the slope that Anne was dearer to her than anything else on earth.
She would have been able to meet him yesterday.
She would have been very proud of you.
She would have called me if she'd had my phone number.
She would have come willingly, but she was on vacation.
She would have done it already.
She would have failed but for his help.
She would have failed without his help.
She would have fallen into the pond if he had not caught her by the arm.
She would have liked to have been born twenty years earlier.
She would have liked to peep in, but could not do such a thing.
She would have to be a real princess.
She would have to go there as well.
She would have to make do with what she had.
She would keep interrupting me.
She would kill to live in a home this nice.
She would leave.
She would lie awake at night.
She would like to be a psychiatrist.
She would like to book a trip to Australia.
She would like to book a trip to Niger.
She would like to have another cup of coffee.
She would like to make an appointment to see the doctor.
She would like to make reservations for a trip to Australia.
She would like to publish her experiences in a book.
She would like to see you in her office.
She would like to speak out and tell him what she thought, but she dared not.
She would love to be an interpreter.
She would love to go back to the days of her youth.
She would make a great adoptive mother.
She would make a perfect wife.
She would make everyone happy.
She would make me a fine wife.
She would message him in Berber.
She would never abandon her children.
She would never cheat on me.
She would never do something like that. That woman is a saint.
She would never do that. That woman is a saint.
She would never dye her hair.
She would never hurt her children.
She would never in the world marry Satou.
She would never leave me alone.
She would never lie to me.
She would never make Mom cry again.
She would never own up to a mistake.
She would never say that.
She would never see home again.
She would never sell her car to you.
She would not admit him into her apartment.
She would not approve.
She would not change her mind.
She would not deign to consider such an offer.
She would not disclose the secret.
She would not follow my advice.
She would not give in to her husband.
She would not stoop to admit that she meant to rival Gilbert in schoolwork, because that would have been to acknowledge his existence.
She would not tell me why she had gone home first.
She would not trust me with her secret.
She would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog.
She would often come late for school.
She would often go for long, lonely walks through the woods surrounding the village.
She would often go on long, lonely walks through the woods surrounding the village.
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.
She would often hear him grumbling to himself.
She would often play the piano after school.
She would often play tricks on me.
She would often practice the violin on the roof.
She would often take a trip when she was young.
She would prefer that I take the bus.
She would probably do the same as he.
She would probably not accept me.
She would rather go by train than by plane.
She would rather listen to others than talk herself.
She would rather take advantage of being single than buy a beautiful white dress.
She would really like to go to the party.
She would seek revenge if she were to find her husband in bed with someone else.
She would sit by the river every day, talking to ducks.
She would sooner translate sentences on Tatoeba than chat with me.
She would spend her spare time making dolls.
She would take him home if it was necessary.
She would value the opportunity to exchange views on the strength of guard-rails.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
She would've called him if she'd had his phone number.
She would've done that by herself if she could've.
She would've gone if she could've.
She would've kept her mouth shut.
She would've stayed if she could've.
She would've told us if she'd known.
She would've told us.
She wouldn't abandon him.
She wouldn't admit her mistake.
She wouldn't agree.
She wouldn't allow me in her office.
She wouldn't allow me to help her.
She wouldn't allow me to help him.
She wouldn't allow me to read the letter.
She wouldn't allow us to help her.
She wouldn't allow us to help him.
She wouldn't be happy living with him.
She wouldn't be happy with him.
She wouldn't be interested in him.
She wouldn't change her mind.
She wouldn't come out of her room.
She wouldn't do anything to help him.
She wouldn't do something like that.
She wouldn't do that by herself.
She wouldn't do that herself.
She wouldn't do that to him.
She wouldn't do that to me.
She wouldn't do that without him.
She wouldn't do that, would she?
She wouldn't eat that, would she?
She wouldn't even look at him.
She wouldn't even look at me.
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
She wouldn't even say hi to him.
She wouldn't even say hi to me.
She wouldn't even speak to him.
She wouldn't even speak to me.
She wouldn't give him a gift.
She wouldn't give him the time of day.
She wouldn't go for a walk with him.
She wouldn't go hiking by herself.
She wouldn't go out with him.
She wouldn't go to Boston with him.
She wouldn't harm a fly.
She wouldn't have anything to do with me after that.
She wouldn't have been able to get her homework done if he hadn't helped her.
She wouldn't have been tired if she had gone to bed earlier.
She wouldn't have done that to herself.
She wouldn't have hit him.
She wouldn't have married him if she had known him better.
She wouldn't have noticed.
She wouldn't have said that to him.
She wouldn't help him.
She wouldn't hit anyone, would she?
She wouldn't hurt a fly.
She wouldn't hurt him.
She wouldn't kiss him.
She wouldn't lend her bicycle to me.
She wouldn't let anybody help her.
She wouldn't let anybody help him.
She wouldn't let anyone help her.
She wouldn't let anyone help him.
She wouldn't let anyone in her home.
She wouldn't let anyone in her room.
She wouldn't let him in the room no matter what.
She wouldn't let him in.
She wouldn't let me buy her a drink.
She wouldn't let me drive her car.
She wouldn't let me help her.
She wouldn't let me help him.
She wouldn't let me in her room.
She wouldn't let me into her room.
She wouldn't let me kiss her.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
She wouldn't let us help her.
She wouldn't let us help him.
She wouldn't likely go camping by herself.
She wouldn't pay her bills.
She wouldn't say how her dog died.
She wouldn't say something like that about him.
She wouldn't show a trace of remorse.
She wouldn't speak French to him.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She wouldn't speak to me for a week after that.
She wouldn't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She wouldn't take his eyes off him.
She wouldn't tell anybody, would she?
She wouldn't tell anyone, would she?
She wouldn't tell me her plans.
She wouldn't tell me where she lived.
She wouldn't tell me where she went.
She wouldn’t allow me to read the letter.
She wouldn’t be happy with him.
She wouldn’t even piss on me if I were on fire.
She wouldn’t even speak to him.
She wouldn’t give him a gift.
She wouldn’t give him the time of day.
She wouldn’t go for a walk with him.
She wouldn’t have married him if she had known him better.
She wouldn’t let him in the room no matter what.
She wouldn’t let him in.
She wouldn’t let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
She wouldn’t speak to him.
She wove the grass into a basket.
She wove the grass into a box.
She wracked her brain.
She wrapped a book as a gift.
She wrapped a towel around herself.
She wrapped her arm around him.
She wrapped her arms around his neck.
She wrapped her arms around his waist.
She wrapped her baby in a blanket.
She wrapped her hair in a silk scarf.
She wrapped her hair with a silk scarf.
She wrapped her legs around him.
She wrapped her legs around his waist.
She wrapped her sandwich in plastic wrap.
She wrapped her sandwich using Tom's tinfoil hat.
She wrapped herself in a blanket.
She wrapped herself in a warm blanket and fell asleep.
She wrapped herself in a warm blanket.
She wrapped herself in a wool blanket.
She wrapped herself in a woolen blanket.
She wrapped herself in her blanket.
She wrapped herself in the blanket.
She wrapped it up carefully and placed it in the drawer.
She wrapped it up carefully and put it into the drawer.
She wrapped some gifts in paper.
She wrapped the bandage tightly around the arm.
She wrapped the blanket around herself.
She wrapped the bun in plastic.
She wrapped the doll in pink tissue paper and put it in the cardboard box.
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper and put a big red bow on top.
She wrapped the package and tied it with strings.
She wrapped the present in paper.
She wrapped the scarf round her neck.
She wrapped the scarf tighter around her neck.
She wrenched her back when she flew off the ramp while riding a runaway snowmobile.
She wriggled her toes.
She wrinkled her brows.
She writes Chinese.
She writes a letter.
She writes a paper on cultural shifts.
She writes a very good hand.
She writes about Sri Lanka.
She writes about the intersection of art and politics.
She writes an excellent hand.
She writes and sings her own songs.
She writes articles about contemporary art.
She writes ballads about life and love.
She writes beautifully and legibly.
She writes beautifully.
She writes books.
She writes essays in addition to novels and poetry.
She writes essays on the philosophy of art.
She writes everything down so she won't forget it.
She writes her poems from the heart.
She writes her poems in neat handwriting on scraps of paper which she hangs all over her flat.
She writes in a confused manner.
She writes in a confused way.
She writes in such a way that people do not understand her.
She writes in the Berber script.
She writes irrelevant posts, and offensive ones at that.
She writes me every week.
She writes much better now than she used to.
She writes music for a living.
She writes music reviews for a magazine.
She writes novellas.
She writes novels in her spare time.
She writes novels.
She writes often to her parents.
She writes poems every time she's sad.
She writes poems.
She writes poetry in her free time.
She writes quite fast.
She writes scripts for independent films.
She writes short stories.
She writes songs about her experiences.
She writes songs like that in her sleep.
She writes the melodies and he writes the lyrics.
She writes to her parents once a week.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
She writes to her son every now and then.
She writes to her son every so often.
She writes to her son from time to time.
She writes to him every week.
She writes to me every week.
She writes to me once a month.
She writes very neatly, doesn't she?
She writes very well.
She writes well.
She writes with her left hand.
She writes, too.
She writes.
She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed.
She writhes like a worm.
She wronged him.
She wrote 5 novels in 5 years.
She wrote a beautiful story about a train that goes to the moon.
She wrote a book about a bird.
She wrote a book about animals.
She wrote a book about birds.
She wrote a book about her adventures in Algeria.
She wrote a book about her family.
She wrote a book about her life as a dancer.
She wrote a book about the bird.
She wrote a book about the visitors.
She wrote a book report for Berber class.
She wrote a book, dedicating it to her mother Sidonie.
She wrote a book.
She wrote a friendly letter to him, thanking him for his help.
She wrote a letter for humanity.
She wrote a letter to John.
She wrote a letter to her friend.
She wrote a letter to her parents.
She wrote a letter to herself.
She wrote a letter.
She wrote a long letter to him.
She wrote a lot of letters to him.
She wrote a lot of poems.
She wrote a love letter to him.
She wrote a memo to her boss.
She wrote a message to her boyfriend.
She wrote a message to her friend.
She wrote a new book.
She wrote a novel about vampires.
She wrote a novel based on her own childhood memories.
She wrote a novel.
She wrote a paper on feudalism.
She wrote a poem for him.
She wrote a postcard to him.
She wrote a short story.
She wrote a small book on china.
She wrote a song about him.
She wrote a song for him.
She wrote a three-page love letter to him.
She wrote about her experience.
She wrote about her family.
She wrote about her ideas.
She wrote about it in her diary.
She wrote about that in her journal.
She wrote an article on the country's history.
She wrote an autobiographical novel.
She wrote as many as ten books.
She wrote comments.
She wrote down every detail carefully.
She wrote down her phone number.
She wrote down something in her notebook.
She wrote down that person's name so as not to forget it.
She wrote down the name and address as requested.
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it.
She wrote down their names in order not to forget them.
She wrote down what he said.
She wrote example sentences all day.
She wrote her a friendly response.
She wrote her boyfriend a message.
She wrote her number on a piece of paper and handed it to him.
She wrote her phone number on a napkin and handed it to him.
She wrote him a friendly letter, and thanked him for his help.
She wrote him a friendly response.
She wrote him a letter.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn’t read it.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't mail it.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't send it to him.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn’t mail it.
She wrote in ink.
She wrote in simple language.
She wrote letters to her friends.
She wrote letters to her penfriend every week.
She wrote long letters to him.
She wrote many letters to him.
She wrote many sentences.
She wrote me a goodbye letter.
She wrote me a letter last year.
She wrote me a long letter.
She wrote me a love letter in Esperanto.
She wrote me a message in Berber.
She wrote me back soon.
She wrote me four letters.
She wrote novels under another name.
She wrote on gender bias in science.
She wrote one letter.
She wrote one of the most famous novels of all time.
She wrote poems about her love for him.
She wrote right back to him.
She wrote seven letters for me.
She wrote something in her notebook.
She wrote that down on a legal pad.
She wrote that.
She wrote the book about people she visited.
She wrote the book with very little effort.
She wrote the code in extensible markup language because it was the standard for open source.
She wrote the date in numeric form.
She wrote the letter for him.
She wrote the letter herself.
She wrote the letter.
She wrote the message herself.
She wrote the report all by herself.
She wrote the report.
She wrote the word.
She wrote this novel after a long research.
She wrote this report by herself.
She wrote this song for her daughter.
She wrote this when she had a few hours to spare.
She wrote three books.
She wrote to a friend.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
She wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn’t come to visit next summer.
She wrote to him to tell him that she loved him.
She wrote to me from Paris.
She wrote to me that I should come immediately.
She wrote to me to come at once.
She wrung the juice from a lot of oranges.
She wrung the towel dry.
She wrung the towel.
She yanked his hair.
She yawned.
She yearned for her husband to come home.
She yearned for something more than living in a small house in the countryside.
She yearned to create an academy similar to the one in Morocco so she could help young golfers and grow the sport on her home turf.
She yearned to visit the locations mentioned in the book.
She yearns for her family.
She yelled as loud as she could.
She yelled at her computer.
She yelled at her mother.
She yelled at him.
She yelled at the children to be quiet.
She yelled at the homeless guys.
She yelled at the teacher.
She yelled for help.
She yelled in a rage.
She yelled.
She yells too much.
She yelped in surprise.
She yielded in his proposal.
She zapped him with a glance.
She zipped down the alleyway.
She zipped up her bag.
She zipped up her coat.
She zipped up her leather jacket.
She'd agree.
She'd always been fine on her own.
She'd be arrested if she did that.
She'd be fined if she did that.
She'd be fired if she did that.
She'd be fired if she didn't do that.
She'd be forgiven if she did that.
She'd be furious if she knew.
She'd be punished if she did that.
She'd been dismissed.
She'd been sitting at the stop for about ten minutes till the bus arrived.
She'd been very busy.
She'd been with the same company such a long time, she felt she needed a change of scene.
She'd better bone up on company policy.
She'd better tame that violent temper.
She'd cry if she saw you doing that.
She'd do anything for you.
She'd do anything to hold on to him.
She'd do anything to protect him.
She'd do anything you ask her to do.
She'd do that again if she had to.
She'd do that if she could.
She'd do that if she had more time.
She'd do that if she had time.
She'd do that if she knew how.
She'd do that if you asked her to.
She'd do that whenever she could.
She'd do whatever you ask her to do.
She'd get in trouble if she did that.
She'd get more invitations if she wasn’t so bad-mannered.
She'd gone to the hospital in an ambulance after her bad fall.
She'd had a very difficult pregnancy.
She'd have to get a new cell phone.
She'd have to go there as well.
She'd help us if she could.
She'd help us, wouldn't she?
She'd help you if you asked her to.
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
She'd kept her son’s existence hidden from him.
She'd kept the existence of her son from him.
She'd kill as easily as she'd drink her morning tea.
She'd kill me if she knew I told you.
She'd know, wouldn't she?
She'd known him for a long time.
She'd leave.
She'd lend you money if she had any.
She'd like her son to inherit her belongings.
She'd like him to come to her house at 2:30.
She'd like him to get in touch with her as soon as possible.
She'd like him to help her father.
She'd like him to leave right away.
She'd like him to sing her a song.
She'd like honeydew melon for afters.
She'd like honeydew melon for dessert.
She'd like to become a teacher.
She'd like to change seats with him.
She'd like to do that, but she can't.
She'd like to find the purpose of life.
She'd like to fix it herself.
She'd like to get a driving licence.
She'd like to get to know you.
She'd like to go to Russia one day.
She'd like to have honeydew melon for dessert.
She'd like to know who sent the flowers.
She'd like to see him.
She'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
She'd lived independently since her 18th birthday.
She'd lived independently since she was 18.
She'd made a chicken curry to take to the party.
She'd made a lot of effort to gain his love.
She'd never be able to forgive any infidelity.
She'd never been particularly good at letting go of things.
She'd never been so frightened.
She'd never been this frightened before.
She'd never cheat on me.
She'd never considered losing.
She'd never contemplated living abroad permanently.
She'd never do something like that. That woman is a saint.
She'd never do that by herself.
She'd never do that for him.
She'd never do that to him.
She'd never forgive herself if anything happened to him.
She'd never forgive me an infidelity.
She'd never forgive me if she knew.
She'd never go swimming by herself.
She'd never go there by herself.
She'd never hit him.
She'd never hurt him.
She'd never imagined that her own happiness could make someone else so miserable.
She'd never kill herself.
She'd never leave him.
She'd never lie to him.
She'd never marry someone like him.
She'd never say so.
She'd never yell at him.
She'd often ring me up, but lately it's as though she's forgotten me.
She'd put a lot of work into winning his love.
She'd rather be spending time with someone else.
She'd really like to go to France.
She'd said she'd help us.
She'd set a sexual trap for him.
She'd spent half the night with her head down the toilet throwing up.
She'd stay if she could.
She'd taught me how to cook.
She'd worked hard to win his love.
She'll agree.
She'll allow him to do that.
She'll almost certainly pass the test.
She'll always be alone.
She'll always love him.
She'll always make sure you feel like nothing compared to her.
She'll always remember him.
She'll argue with him about that.
She'll arrive tonight.
She'll ask him not to do that.
She'll ask him to do that for us.
She'll ask him to do that.
She'll ask him to wait.
She'll assist him.
She'll assist you in your search for him.
She'll be OK, won't she?
She'll be a good doctor.
She'll be able to swim soon.
She'll be all right, won't she?
She'll be alone.
She'll be angry if he does that.
She'll be apples.
She'll be arriving late.
She'll be assisted by him.
She'll be at his house all day today.
She'll be at the party, but he won't.
She'll be available around four o'clock.
She'll be back in a few minutes.
She'll be back in an hour.
She'll be back soon.
She'll be back to visit us soon.
She'll be back.
She'll be bored.
She'll be coming back.
She'll be covering his shifts.
She'll be defending him.
She'll be driven by me.
She'll be driving through Boston on her way to visit him.
She'll be eating dinner at his house tonight.
She'll be famous soon.
She'll be filling in for him.
She'll be fine, won't she?
She'll be fine.
She'll be fine. Just give her lots of love and care.
She'll be fired.
She'll be found.
She'll be freed.
She'll be furious when she finds out.
She'll be getting married next year.
She'll be glad she did that.
She'll be glad she didn't do that.
She'll be glad to see you, won't she?
She'll be going abroad in another six months.
She'll be going by herself.
She'll be going to Australia with him.
She'll be going to Boston with him.
She'll be going to his birthday party.
She'll be happy she did that.
She'll be happy she didn't do that.
She'll be happy to host those kids.
She'll be happy.
She'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow.
She'll be having dinner with him.
She'll be helping him do that.
She'll be here as soon as she can.
She'll be here before him.
She'll be here in a minute.
She'll be here tonight.
She'll be here with him.
She'll be here.
She'll be his French teacher next year.
She'll be hungry.
She'll be in touch.
She'll be just fine.
She'll be late for the meeting.
She'll be late if she doesn't hurry.
She'll be leaving hospital soon.
She'll be lonely if he leaves.
She'll be made redundant.
She'll be meeting her cousin tomorrow.
She'll be meeting him in three hours.
She'll be meeting with him.
She'll be mine.
She'll be overjoyed at this good news.
She'll be planting roses when he comes.
She'll be pleased to be here tonight.
She'll be punished for what she did.
She'll be ready.
She'll be really busy, won't she?
She'll be released.
She'll be retiring in 2020.
She'll be right back.
She'll be right.
She'll be sacked.
She'll be safe with me.
She'll be seeing to your correspondence while Miss Cobb's away.
She'll be seventeen in February.
She'll be sorry she did that.
She'll be sorry she didn't do that.
She'll be starved when she gets home.
She'll be staying at the Royal Hotel next Tuesday.
She'll be surprised if he does that.
She'll be surprised, won't she?
She'll be there right away.
She'll be there with him.
She'll be there, but he won't.
She'll be there, won't she?
She'll be tired when she gets home.
She'll be up and around this afternoon.
She'll be upset if he does that.
She'll be upset if he doesn't do that.
She'll be upset if she doesn't win.
She'll be very disappointed if he doesn't come to visit.
She'll be very glad he did that.
She'll be very glad she did that.
She'll be very happy she did that.
She'll be very sad if he leaves.
She'll be very sorry she did that.
She'll be waiting for him.
She'll be waiting.
She'll be walking home by herself.
She'll be with her.
She'll be with him all afternoon.
She'll be with him all morning.
She'll be with him.
She'll become a teacher.
She'll break up with him.
She'll bury us all.
She'll buy bread.
She'll buy food for him.
She'll buy something.
She'll buy that for him.
She'll call Mom on a different number.
She'll call back.
She'll call me as soon as she's ready.
She'll call soon.
She'll carry the olive to bgayet.
She'll carry you.
She'll catch a cold yet.
She'll catch the bus.
She'll certainly get along well with my grandmother.
She'll certainly keep the promise she made to him.
She'll clean the bicycle this afternoon.
She'll clean the table right away.
She'll come after us, won't she?
She'll come at quarter past three.
She'll come back and visit us soon.
She'll come back home for Christmas.
She'll come back soon.
She'll come back to get him.
She'll come back to our town again.
She'll come back to pick him up.
She'll come back. I'm sure she will.
She'll come even if you tell her not to.
She'll come here.
She'll come if you ask her to.
She'll come if you ask her.
She'll come if you call her.
She'll come tomorrow.
She'll come when she's ready.
She'll come without delay.
She'll complain.
She'll confess sooner or later.
She'll contact him.
She'll cook.
She'll cry even when no one is looking.
She'll dance.
She'll definitely ask him to do that.
She'll definitely hear me.
She'll definitely invite him.
She'll definitely tell him to do that.
She'll diagnose each person carefully.
She'll die if she does that.
She'll die if we don't help her.
She'll die soon.
She'll die.
She'll do anything to get him back.
She'll do everything she can.
She'll do her best.
She'll do it as a matter of course.
She'll do it in 24 hours.
She'll do it when she comes in.
She'll do nothing.
She'll do that as soon as she can.
She'll do that by herself.
She'll do that for her children.
She'll do that for him.
She'll do that herself.
She'll do that if he wants her to.
She'll do that if no one stops her.
She'll do that if nobody stops her.
She'll do that if she can.
She'll do that if she has to.
She'll do that if you help her.
She'll do that if you pay her to.
She'll do that if you pay her.
She'll do that on her own.
She'll do that only if she has to.
She'll do that only if she tells him to.
She'll do that when her turn comes.
She'll do that when she comes in.
She'll do that when she has time.
She'll do that with him tomorrow.
She'll do that with him.
She'll do that, but he won't.
She'll do that, won't she?
She'll do the rest.
She'll do the washing-up.
She'll do what I tell her to do.
She'll do what he tells her to do.
She'll do what she can to help you.
She'll do what she has to do.
She'll do what she's got to do.
She'll do whatever she can.
She'll drive Skura to the airport.
She'll drive him home.
She'll drive him to the airport.
She'll drive to the petrol station.
She'll drop you off at the airport.
She'll eat as soon as she gets home.
She'll eat when she gets home.
She'll end up being fed up with it.
She'll eventually figure out it was him who did that.
She'll explain everything to me.
She'll explain it to him.
She'll figure this out.
She'll find him.
She'll find out anyway.
She'll find out soon.
She'll find out what it is.
She'll find us.
She'll find you.
She'll fix that for him.
She'll fix that.
She'll fix the problem.
She'll follow him.
She'll follow your advice.
She'll forgive him.
She'll forgive you. Just explain everything to her.
She'll get all the help she needs.
She'll get better. She always does.
She'll get dirty if she does that.
She'll get fired if she does that.
She'll get herself killed if she isn't careful.
She'll get herself killed if she isn't more careful.
She'll get herself killed if she's not more careful.
She'll get herself killed.
She'll get home by herself.
She'll get hurt if she's not careful.
She'll get lost if no one pays attention to her.
She'll get mad if she doesn't win.
She'll get married soon.
She'll get over it.
She'll get paid next week.
She'll get the better of you if you aren't careful.
She'll get the bus.
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.
She'll give him another chance.
She'll give him everything he needs.
She'll give him everything he wants.
She'll give him the details later.
She'll give him what he asked for.
She'll give him what he needs.
She'll give him what he wants.
She'll give him whatever he asks for.
She'll give it to him tomorrow.
She'll give it to you?
She'll give me that if I ask her to.
She'll give one more carpet to me.
She'll go alone.
She'll go back west.
She'll go fishing by herself.
She'll go home.
She'll go in for the beauty contest.
She'll go out to dinner to celebrate.
She'll go see him.
She'll go skiing by herself.
She'll go skiing next week with him.
She'll go soon.
She'll go swimming with him tomorrow.
She'll go there tomorrow.
She'll go to Belgium.
She'll go to Boston to see him.
She'll go to Boston with him.
She'll go to Ireland.
She'll go to hell.
She'll go to the concert with him.
She'll go to the shark first.
She'll go whether he does or not.
She'll go, no matter what he says.
She'll hang her coat behind the door.
She'll hang up her coat behind the door.
She'll have a panini.
She'll have a second chance of life.
She'll have caught the bus.
She'll have chocolate.
She'll have got the bus.
She'll have her house repainted.
She'll have him all to herself.
She'll have left before you come back.
She'll have some chocolate.
She'll have taken the bus.
She'll have to delay her education because she lost her job.
She'll have to do it all by herself.
She'll have to do it by herself.
She'll have to do that by herself.
She'll have to do that herself.
She'll have to do that on her own.
She'll have to get used to it.
She'll have to go by herself.
She'll have to go there by herself.
She'll have to help him do that.
She'll have to leave, won't she?
She'll have to talk to him.
She'll have to wait for him.
She'll have to walk.
She'll hear me.
She'll help him do that after supper.
She'll help him do that if he asks her to.
She'll help him do that, I think.
She'll help him do that.
She'll help him tomorrow.
She'll help him.
She'll help if you ask her.
She'll help me.
She'll help them.
She'll help us, won't she?
She'll help us.
She'll help you do that, won't she?
She'll help you if you ask her to.
She'll help you.
She'll hurt herself if she isn't a little more careful.
She'll hurt herself if she isn't careful.
She'll hurt herself if she's not careful.
She'll just have to ask him to do that for us, won't she?
She'll just have to do her best.
She'll kill her.
She'll kill him.
She'll kill you.
She'll know.
She'll laugh when she sees this.
She'll leave hospital soon.
She'll leave soon.
She'll leave.
She'll lend it to you.
She'll lend you a book.
She'll lend you hers.
She'll let him decide.
She'll let him do that.
She'll let him drive.
She'll like it.
She'll like that.
She'll like this game.
She'll like this!
She'll like this.
She'll like what you did for her.
She'll like what you made for her.
She'll like wine.
She'll likely be able to do everything by herself.
She'll likely be able to fool him.
She'll likely do that for him.
She'll likely go to the zoo with him next weekend.
She'll likely tell him she isn't busy.
She'll likely tell him she isn't hungry.
She'll likely tell him she isn't sleepy.
She'll likely tell him she's busy.
She'll likely tell him she's not busy.
She'll listen to you.
She'll lose time.
She'll love her husband forever.
She'll love him forever.
She'll love it.
She'll major in American history.
She'll make a doctor's appointment.
She'll make a good wife.
She'll make a salad.
She'll make him do that.
She'll make sure he does that.
She'll make you a good wife; you'll learn to care for her, and I know she'll have the best husband that a girl could hope for.
She'll meet her cousin tomorrow.
She'll meet him at 2:30.
She'll meet him somewhere in Boston.
She'll meet him today.
She'll meet someone wonderful and marry him.
She'll miss him a lot.
She'll miss him.
She'll miss the train.
She'll miss you.
She'll need open-heart surgery when she is three months old.
She'll need ten metres of fabric.
She'll need to do that by herself.
She'll need to tell him sooner or later.
She'll never admit that she's wrong.
She'll never allow him to do that again.
She'll never be able to do it by herself.
She'll never be able to do that by herself.
She'll never be able to jump over the wall because she's scared of heights.
She'll never be alone.
She'll never do that by herself.
She'll never eat oranges again.
She'll never ever forget him.
She'll never ever forget this.
She'll never forget all the time she spent with him.
She'll never forget him.
She'll never forget his kindness.
She'll never forget that day.
She'll never forget this day.
She'll never forgive herself.
She'll never forgive him for doing that.
She'll never forgive me.
She'll never get married.
She'll never give up on him.
She'll never have a relationship.
She'll never leave him.
She'll never let him do that again.
She'll never let him win again.
She'll never listen to him.
She'll never notice the difference.
She'll never pay me what she owes me.
She'll never see her homeland again.
She'll never see him again.
She'll never speak of it.
She'll never stop loving him.
She'll never to see him again.
She'll never willingly go there by herself.
She'll not go to cemmini.
She'll notify him.
She'll only come if he comes too.
She'll only come to my birthday party if you'll come, too.
She'll only do that if she has to.
She'll outlast us all.
She'll outlive us all.
She'll paint the fence tomorrow.
She'll pass the exam for sure.
She'll pay by cheque.
She'll pay for his ticket.
She'll pay for what she did to us.
She'll pay for what she did.
She'll permit him to do that.
She'll phone tomorrow.
She'll pick him up at 2:30.
She'll pick him up at the airport.
She'll pick it up at noon.
She'll pick up Tom after classes.
She'll plant roses in a week.
She'll play golf next Monday with him.
She'll prepare a salad.
She'll probably allow him to do that.
She'll probably ask him for permission to do that.
She'll probably be afraid of his dog.
She'll probably be safe where she is.
She'll probably be scared of his dog.
She'll probably become a teacher.
She'll probably come.
She'll probably cry if he leaves.
She'll probably do that by herself.
She'll probably do that for him.
She'll probably let him do that.
She'll probably let him drive.
She'll probably let him win.
She'll probably never forgive him for doing that.
She'll probably never forgive him.
She'll probably never forgive me.
She'll probably permit him to do that.
She'll probably regret what she did.
She'll probably tell him he's busy.
She'll probably tell him he's not busy.
She'll probably tell him he's not tired.
She'll probably tell him she isn't busy.
She'll probably tell him she isn't tired.
She'll probably tell him she'll do that.
She'll probably tell him she's sleepy.
She'll probably tell him she's sorry.
She'll probably tell him she's tired.
She'll protect him.
She'll protect the eggs at any cost.
She'll put on less next time.
She'll quite likely have to spend more money than him.
She'll readily help you.
She'll replace him.
She'll retire in 2020.
She'll return home tomorrow.
She'll return very soon.
She'll rip my head off.
She'll ruin her clothing.
She'll save more money.
She'll say everything and change nothing.
She'll say what she always says.
She'll seduce him.
She'll see her on October 20th.
She'll see herself.
She'll see him on October 20th.
She'll see him today.
She'll see it on October 20th.
She'll see to my needs when I can no longer leave this bed.
She'll send him an email.
She'll show him how to do that.
She'll sing for him.
She'll sit there for hours without doing anything.
She'll sit with him.
She'll sleep well tonight.
She'll snap soon.
She'll soon get her strength back.
She'll soon get used to the new school.
She'll soon recover from her illness.
She'll soon regain her strength.
She'll speak.
She'll spend the next four years in prison.
She'll start over again.
She'll stay on with you.
She'll stay, but he won't.
She'll stop him from doing that again.
She'll stop him from doing that.
She'll stop you.
She'll study French with him.
She'll succeed for sure.
She'll succeed.
She'll swim.
She'll take advantage of it in her own way.
She'll take care of him.
She'll take care of his children while he's away.
She'll take care of that.
She'll take chocolate.
She'll take over after he retires.
She'll take some chocolate.
She'll take the bus.
She'll talk to him about that.
She'll talk to him.
She'll tell him about it when she comes back.
She'll tell him everything.
She'll tell him not to do that.
She'll tell him tomorrow.
She'll tell him what to do.
She'll tell him.
She'll tell you everything.
She'll tell you.
She'll thank me.
She'll thank us.
She'll treat you like shit and then say you treated her like shit.
She'll try again.
She'll try it once more.
She'll try to convince him not to do that.
She'll try to convince him not to leave.
She'll try to convince him to accept your offer.
She'll try to convince him to do that.
She'll try to convince him to help her.
She'll try to find out why he did that the way he did.
She'll try to find out why he did that.
She'll try to find out why he doesn't want to do that.
She'll try to find out why he left.
She'll try to find out why he wants to do that.
She'll try to help him do that.
She'll try to help him.
She'll try to persuade him not to do that.
She'll try to persuade him not to drop out of school.
She'll try to persuade him not to leave.
She'll try to persuade him to do that.
She'll try to persuade him to drive.
She'll try to talk him out of it.
She'll understand.
She'll unlikely do that by herself.
She'll unlikely do that with him.
She'll unlikely go jogging with him.
She'll unlikely wait for him.
She'll visit her on October 20th.
She'll visit him in Boston.
She'll visit him next week.
She'll visit him on Monday.
She'll visit him on October 20th.
She'll visit him today.
She'll visit him tomorrow.
She'll visit the city of Béjaïa.
She'll wait as long as she has to.
She'll wait for him.
She'll wait for us, won't she?
She'll wait ten days.
She'll wait until he gets here.
She'll wait until you climb off the tree.
She'll wash her hands.
She'll wash linen.
She'll wash the bicycle this afternoon.
She'll watch the Super Bowl with him.
She'll win first prize.
She'll win the Nobel prize one day.
She'll win, won't she?
She'll win.
She'll work.
She'll write a book on biology.
She'll write a letter to him tonight.
She'll write a letter to him.
She'll write a letter.
She's 12 years old.
She's 17 years old.
She's Alain's wife.
She's American.
She's Argentinian.
She's Australian.
She's Austrian.
She's Belgian.
She's Brazilian.
She's British.
She's Bulgarian.
She's Canadian.
She's Carmen.
She's Caucasian.
She's Chinese.
She's Christian and she works at an Islamic center.
She's Christian and she works for an Islamic center.
She's Christian and she works for an Islamic library.
She's Dutch.
She's English, but lives in India.
She's English.
She's French by birth.
She's Georgian.
She's German and she's Muslim.
She's German, so she must be lying!
She's Greek.
She's Hungarian.
She's Italian.
She's Japanese.
She's Jewish.
She's Kabyle and she lives in Algeria.
She's Kabyle.
She's Kurdish, not Turkish.
She's Laurie.
She's Magyar.
She's Mary's sister-in-law.
She's Miss Perfect.
She's Muslim and she covers her hair when she's praying.
She's Muslim and she dresses conservatively.
She's Muslim and she dresses modestly.
She's Muslim and she tries to dress modestly.
She's Muslim and she wears long dresses.
She's Muslim and she wears long-sleeve shirts.
She's Muslim and she wears loose pants.
She's Muslim and she wears modest clothes.
She's Muslim and she wears modest clothing.
She's Muslim and she wears straight-leg loose pants.
She's Muslim and she wears the hijab.
She's Muslim.
She's OK now, isn't she?
She's OK, isn't she?
She's OK.
She's Palestinian.
She's Polish.
She's Skura's godsister.
She's Swiss Kabyle.
She's Swiss.
She's Thai.
She's Tom's older sister.
She's Tom's sister.
She's Tom's younger sister.
She's Ukrainian.
She's a Berber teacher.
She's a Bulgarian Jew.
She's a CPA, isn't she?
She's a Canadian citizen, isn't she?
She's a Canadian, isn't she?
She's a DJ.
She's a French teacher and so is he.
She's a French teacher, isn't she?
She's a German singer, but she sang in English.
She's a God.
She's a Harvard graduate, isn't she?
She's a Jewish American.
She's a Kabyle artist.
She's a Kabyle woman.
She's a Lebanese singer who went on stage with a big Berber flag, in Morocco, and some journalists accused her of wanting to sow division in the country.
She's a Marxist. Everybody knows she's a Marxist.
She's a Member of Parliament.
She's a Muslim African-American.
She's a Muslim but she wasn't born one.
She's a Muslim woman from Algeria.
She's a Muslim.
She's a Nobel Prize winner.
She's a Pisces.
She's a Russian beauty.
She's a Sephardi Jew.
She's a Sephardic Jew.
She's a Ukrainian Jew.
She's a Yemenite Jew.
She's a babe.
She's a bad cook.
She's a bad driver, isn't she?
She's a bad girl.
She's a bad influence on him.
She's a bad influence on you.
She's a bad influence.
She's a bad liar.
She's a bad loser.
She's a ballerina.
She's a ballet dancer.
She's a baseball player.
She's a basket case.
She's a basketball player, isn't she?
She's a bass player, isn't she?
She's a bean pole.
She's a beanpole.
She's a beautiful and sophisticated woman.
She's a beautiful woman, but she's proud and arrogant.
She's a beautiful woman, but she's vain and arrogant.
She's a beautiful woman.
She's a beauty from a distance.
She's a beauty.
She's a beaver.
She's a beginner, isn't she?
She's a belly dancer.
She's a benevolent witch.
She's a better cook than her mother.
She's a better leader than he is.
She's a better liar than I thought.
She's a big girl.
She's a big person.
She's a big teaser.
She's a bigot.
She's a biologist.
She's a bit confused, isn't she?
She's a bit crazy, isn't she?
She's a bit dopey.
She's a bit drunk, isn't she?
She's a bit drunk.
She's a bit jealous, isn't she?
She's a bit jealous.
She's a bit naive.
She's a bit of a handful.
She's a bit of a liar.
She's a bit of a loner.
She's a bit of a rebel.
She's a bit of a recluse.
She's a bit of a slapper.
She's a bit of a snob.
She's a bit of an eavesdropper, innit?
She's a bit of an idealist.
She's a bit older than me, isn't she?
She's a bit older than me.
She's a bit out of breath because she's been running.
She's a bit out of her depth in her new job.
She's a bit picky when it comes to food.
She's a bit rough around the edges.
She's a bit shy.
She's a bit small for her age.
She's a bit snobbish, isn't she?
She's a bit strange, isn't she?
She's a bit tipsy.
She's a bit younger than me.
She's a bitch.
She's a bleeding-heart liberal.
She's a blessing.
She's a blog addict.
She's a blonde girl.
She's a blonde woman.
She's a blonde-haired girl.
She's a blonde.
She's a blue-eyed Chinese Muslim.
She's a bodybuilder.
She's a bohemian.
She's a born artist.
She's a brainy kid.
She's a bride.
She's a bright kid, isn't she?
She's a bright student.
She's a brilliant economist.
She's a brilliant pupil, and is widely acknowledged as such.
She's a brilliant researcher who has managed to build a career from the bottom up.
She's a bus driver.
She's a busy person, isn't she?
She's a carpenter by trade.
She's a cat lover.
She's a catch.
She's a chatterbox.
She's a chick.
She's a child actor.
She's a child.
She's a childcare assistant.
She's a chiropractor, isn't she?
She's a citizen of Ukraine.
She's a clarinetist.
She's a clever girl.
She's a clever kid, isn't she?
She's a close friend of hers.
She's a close friend of his.
She's a cold hearted bitch.
She's a cold-hearted bitch.
She's a college graduate, isn't she?
She's a college professor, isn't she?
She's a college student.
She's a comedian.
She's a common woman.
She's a complete bitch.
She's a complete joke.
She's a complete stranger to me.
She's a compulsive gambler, isn't she?
She's a computer expert.
She's a con artist.
She's a constant source of joy.
She's a construction worker.
She's a control freak.
She's a convicted felon but she should still be allowed to vote.
She's a cook, isn't she?
She's a cougar.
She's a coward.
She's a crack addict.
She's a craftswoman.
She's a cratedigger.
She's a crazy witch.
She's a crook, isn't she?
She's a crybaby.
She's a cunning linguist.
She's a cunt.
She's a cute chick.
She's a cutie.
She's a dance teacher.
She's a dancer.
She's a dedicated teacher, isn't she?
She's a demoness.
She's a dental assistant.
She's a dentist, isn't she?
She's a dependable person, isn't she?
She's a descendant of King George!
She's a desperate housewife.
She's a despicable human being.
She's a determined woman.
She's a devout Catholic.
She's a devout Muslim.
She's a dictator.
She's a disaster.
She's a distant relative of his.
She's a doctor like her father is.
She's a doctor like her father was.
She's a doctor like her father.
She's a doctor now, isn't she?
She's a doctor now.
She's a doctor, isn't she?
She's a doctor.
She's a dog trainer, isn't she?
She's a dog.
She's a drag king.
She's a dragon.
She's a drama queen obsessed with fame.
She's a drama queen who's obsessed with success.
She's a drama queen.
She's a dreamer, isn't she?
She's a drug dealer.
She's a drummer, isn't she?
She's a dumb blonde.
She's a fairly active person.
She's a fake.
She's a famous actress.
She's a famous physicist.
She's a famous singer.
She's a fan of French cinema.
She's a fan of German cinema.
She's a fan of Italian opera.
She's a fan of Sex and the City.
She's a fanatic.
She's a fangirl.
She's a fantastic person.
She's a farm worker.
She's a fascist.
She's a fashion designer.
She's a fashion model.
She's a fashion slave.
She's a fast eater, isn't she?
She's a fast learner.
She's a fast runner, isn't she?
She's a fast swimmer, isn't she?
She's a fast thinker.
She's a fast walker, isn't she?
She's a fellow Algerian.
She's a feminist.
She's a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
She's a filthy liar.
She's a fine looking woman.
She's a fine young lady.
She's a fisher.
She's a fisherman.
She's a fisherwoman.
She's a fixture at all the high-society parties.
She's a footballer.
She's a force to be reckoned with.
She's a foreign exchange student.
She's a foreign girl and she doesn't speak Berber.
She's a former child actor.
She's a former student of his.
She's a fourteen-year-old from Kabylie.
She's a fox.
She's a frequent visitor to this country.
She's a freshman, isn't she?
She's a friend of a friend of a friend.
She's a friend of a friend.
She's a friend of his.
She's a friend of yours, isn't she?
She's a friend, that's all.
She's a friendly kid, isn't she?
She's a funny person.
She's a furry.
She's a fussy eater, isn't she?
She's a fussy person, isn't she?
She's a gardener.
She's a geisha.
She's a general.
She's a genius.
She's a geologist, isn't she?
She's a ghost hunter.
She's a ghost writer.
She's a girl after my own heart.
She's a girl disillusioned with life, afraid of the shadows of the past and unwilling to trust others.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
She's a girl.
She's a girl. Have some respect.
She's a glamor girl.
She's a glamorous girl.
She's a globetrotter, but he's never left his country.
She's a goddess!
She's a goddess.
She's a gold digger.
She's a good Berber teacher.
She's a good English speaker.
She's a good actress and she's beautiful.
She's a good actress and she's not bad looking either.
She's a good actress and she's really pretty.
She's a good actress.
She's a good banjo player, isn't she?
She's a good bass player, isn't she?
She's a good bassist, isn't she?
She's a good chess player, isn't she?
She's a good cook, isn't she?
She's a good cook.
She's a good dancer, isn't she?
She's a good driver, isn't she?
She's a good driver.
She's a good drummer, isn't she?
She's a good eye doctor.
She's a good friend of his.
She's a good friend of mine and she likes you a lot, so try to let her down gently.
She's a good friend.
She's a good girl.
She's a good guitarist, isn't she?
She's a good kid, isn't she?
She's a good kisser.
She's a good liar.
She's a good maid.
She's a good manager, isn't she?
She's a good mother, isn't she?
She's a good painter, isn't she?
She's a good person, isn't she?
She's a good person.
She's a good photographer because she's so observant.
She's a good photographer, isn't she?
She's a good singer, isn't she?
She's a good singer.
She's a good skater, isn't she?
She's a good skier, isn't she?
She's a good spouse. She's faithful.
She's a good story teller, isn't she?
She's a good student, isn't she?
She's a good student.
She's a good swimmer, isn't she?
She's a good swimmer.
She's a good teacher, isn't she?
She's a good teacher.
She's a good woman.
She's a good worker, isn't she?
She's a good writer.
She's a good-looking girl.
She's a good-looking woman.
She's a gorgeous blonde.
She's a gorgeous brunette.
She's a graduate student, isn't she?
She's a graphic designer, isn't she?
She's a graphic designer.
She's a great cook.
She's a great girl.
She's a great professor.
She's a greedy bitch and she'll suck you dry.
She's a guest at yours, she's your guest.
She's a guitarist, isn't she?
She's a gym teacher, isn't she?
She's a gym teacher.
She's a gymnast.
She's a gynaecologist.
She's a gynecologist.
She's a hair expert.
She's a hair stylist.
She's a hairstylist.
She's a hard worker, isn't she?
She's a hard worker.
She's a harsh critic.
She's a head shorter than I am.
She's a head taller than me.
She's a healthy chiropractor: she feels good; and with her trained hands, she feels well, too.
She's a heavy sleeper, isn't she?
She's a heavy smoker, isn't she?
She's a helicopter pilot, isn't she?
She's a high schooler.
She's a historian.
She's a homeowner, recently got married.
She's a honey!
She's a hooker.
She's a hopeless case.
She's a hopeless romantic.
She's a hot woman.
She's a hottie.
She's a hypochondriac, isn't she?
She's a jealous girl.
She's a jealous woman.
She's a jewelry designer.
She's a journalist.
She's a junior at Harvard, isn't she?
She's a junior employee.
She's a keeper.
She's a kept woman.
She's a kind person.
She's a kleptomaniac.
She's a knockout.
She's a lady of iron will.
She's a law student, isn't she?
She's a law-abiding citizen.
She's a lawyer, isn't she?
She's a lawyer.
She's a lazy kid, isn't she?
She's a lesbian.
She's a liar, isn't she?
She's a liar.
She's a librarian.
She's a lifeguard.
She's a light sleeper, isn't she?
She's a little bit crazy, isn't she?
She's a little bit like her father.
She's a little concerned about him.
She's a little devil.
She's a little drunk, isn't she?
She's a little early, isn't she?
She's a little female puffin that has lived in the same crevice her whole life.
She's a little impulsive, isn't she?
She's a little jealous, isn't she?
She's a little nervous, isn't she?
She's a little nuts, isn't she?
She's a little obsessed with the Berber language.
She's a little odd, isn't she?
She's a little off.
She's a little overweight, isn't she?
She's a little political.
She's a little rebel.
She's a little scared, isn't she?
She's a little slow on the uptake.
She's a little strange, isn't she?
She's a little weird, isn't she?
She's a little worried about him.
She's a living encyclopaedia.
She's a lonely, desperate woman with a sick child.
She's a looker.
She's a lot better at it than I am.
She's a lot better today, isn't she?
She's a lot better today.
She's a lot better, isn't she?
She's a lot different now, isn't she?
She's a lot different now.
She's a lot like I was at her age.
She's a lot like her brother.
She's a lot like her father.
She's a lot like her older brother.
She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
She's a lot of fun, isn't she?
She's a lot older than he is.
She's a lot older than me, isn't she?
She's a lot smarter than she looks.
She's a lot taller than her father.
She's a lot tougher than she looks.
She's a lovable person.
She's a lovely young girl.
She's a loving person.
She's a low-price prostitute.
She's a lucky girl.
She's a magician.
She's a man now.
She's a manager of a hotel.
She's a maniac.
She's a married woman.
She's a married woman. Have some respect.
She's a marvel.
She's a marvelous girl.
She's a mathematician.
She's a meddlesome old gossip.
She's a member of a sorority.
She's a member of this organization.
She's a member, isn't she?
She's a messy person, isn't she?
She's a meth addict.
She's a middle-aged fat woman.
She's a middling student, neither excelling nor failing.
She's a midwife.
She's a minger.
She's a misfit and the other girls make fun of her.
She's a model.
She's a modern girl.
She's a mom herself.
She's a mother herself.
She's a mousy woman.
She's a much better pianist than me.
She's a music teacher, isn't she?
She's a musician like her father.
She's a musician, isn't she?
She's a musicologist.
She's a nasty witch.
She's a native speaker of Esperanto.
She's a natural beauty.
She's a natural exaggerator.
She's a natural.
She's a naughty girl, but we love her.
She's a nerd.
She's a nervous wreck.
She's a new Muslim.
She's a new boyfriend.
She's a new hijabi.
She's a nice and intelligent person.
She's a nice kid, isn't she?
She's a nice person, isn't she?
She's a nice person.
She's a night owl.
She's a noblewoman.
She's a nobody.
She's a nonsmoker, isn't she?
She's a noted singer.
She's a nun.
She's a nurse and she works here.
She's a nurse.
She's a nursery-school teacher.
She's a nymphomaniac.
She's a pacifist.
She's a pain in the ass.
She's a painter, isn't she?
She's a paramedic, isn't she?
She's a patient woman.
She's a pediatrician.
She's a pedicurist.
She's a perfectionist, isn't she?
She's a perfectly ordinary girl.
She's a person with a temper.
She's a pescetarian.
She's a pharmacist, isn't she?
She's a photographer.
She's a physio.
She's a physiotherapist.
She's a piano teacher, isn't she?
She's a picky eater, isn't she?
She's a picky eater.
She's a picture of joy.
She's a pilot, isn't she?
She's a pitiless strategist.
She's a plain looking girl.
She's a plain speaker.
She's a plastic bitch.
She's a plus-sized model.
She's a poet, isn't she?
She's a poet.
She's a poison pill.
She's a police officer.
She's a poor cook.
She's a poor student.
She's a porn star.
She's a powerbroker who can make or break careers.
She's a powerful demon.
She's a powerful witch.
She's a precocious one eh?
She's a pretty cynical humor which wouldn't be a problem in itself, it's just that she is my boss.
She's a pretty famous actress in Algeria.
She's a pretty girl.
She's a pretty good cook herself.
She's a pretty good skier, isn't she?
She's a pretty woman.
She's a priest.
She's a priestess.
She's a pro, isn't she?
She's a professional cake decorator.
She's a professional photographer.
She's a professional, isn't she?
She's a professor whose works you could stack up to head height.
She's a professor.
She's a programmer.
She's a proper chatterbox, whereas her husband is downright uncommunicative.
She's a prostitute by choice not by necessity.
She's a prostitute.
She's a prude, isn't she?
She's a prude.
She's a psychiatrist, isn't she?
She's a psychologist working in the hospital environment.
She's a psychologist, isn't she?
She's a public health volunteer.
She's a queen.
She's a quick learner, isn't she?
She's a quiet person, isn't she?
She's a quiet person.
She's a rather pretty woman.
She's a rather rare individual.
She's a real adulator, but her praises are empty.
She's a real beauty.
She's a real bitch.
She's a real character.
She's a real estate agent.
She's a real expert.
She's a real flirt, huh?
She's a real friend.
She's a real good friend, isn't she?
She's a real gossip.
She's a real hottie.
She's a real looker.
She's a real nutcase.
She's a real piece of work.
She's a real witch!
She's a really bad driver, isn't she?
She's a really bad singer, isn't she?
She's a really good coach, isn't she?
She's a really nice girl.
She's a really nice person.
She's a really playful cat.
She's a rebel, isn't she?
She's a recent widow and she's still depressed about that.
She's a regular customer of ours.
She's a regular workaholic.
She's a remarkable young lady.
She's a responsible driver.
She's a rich person.
She's a rich woman.
She's a right-wing nutjob.
She's a role model for younger kids.
She's a runner.
She's a safe driver, isn't she?
She's a scientist, isn't she?
She's a seamstress.
She's a second grader.
She's a second year student.
She's a self-made woman.
She's a senior at Harvard, isn't she?
She's a serious student.
She's a sex symbol.
She's a sex worker.
She's a sexaholic.
She's a shark.
She's a shopping addict.
She's a shy girl, but very affectionate.
She's a singer.
She's a single mother of two.
She's a single mother.
She's a size four.
She's a skater.
She's a ski instructor.
She's a skillful teacher, isn't she?
She's a slacker.
She's a slave to fashion.
She's a slob, isn't she?
She's a slob.
She's a slow eater, isn't she?
She's a slow learner, isn't she?
She's a slow walker, isn't she?
She's a slut.
She's a smart and independent girl.
She's a smart girl.
She's a smart kid, isn't she?
She's a smart person, isn't she?
She's a smasher.
She's a smoker, isn't she?
She's a smooth talker.
She's a snappy dresser.
She's a snob, isn't she?
She's a snob.
She's a soap opera actress.
She's a soccer champion.
She's a socialist.
She's a socialite.
She's a soloist.
She's a songwriter, isn't she?
She's a songwriter.
She's a sophisticated lady.
She's a sophomore, isn't she?
She's a sore loser, isn't she?
She's a spoiled brat, isn't she?
She's a square.
She's a straight-A student.
She's a strange kid, isn't she?
She's a strange, enigmatic and inspiring poet.
She's a strong kid, isn't she?
She's a stubborn girl.
She's a stubborn woman.
She's a student too, isn't she?
She's a student, isn't she?
She's a student.
She's a stylist.
She's a successful businesswoman.
She's a successful novelist.
She's a super model.
She's a supermodel.
She's a superstar.
She's a surfer.
She's a surgeon, isn't she?
She's a suspect, isn't she?
She's a sweet girl.
She's a sweet talker with a cruel heart.
She's a sweet teacher.
She's a sweetheart.
She's a talented drummer, isn't she?
She's a talented musician, isn't she?
She's a talented painter, isn't she?
She's a talented singer.
She's a talented writer.
She's a talkative person, isn't she?
She's a tall, statuesque blonde with blue eyes.
She's a tarot reader.
She's a taxi driver.
She's a teacher and deals with children all day long.
She's a teacher at that school.
She's a teacher here, isn't she?
She's a teacher now, isn't she?
She's a teacher that I have.
She's a teacher that explains everything.
She's a teacher, isn't she?
She's a teacher, too, isn't she?
She's a teacher.
She's a tease.
She's a teenager, isn't she?
She's a teenager.
She's a tennis player.
She's a terrible cook, isn't she?
She's a terrible do-nothing.
She's a terrible driver.
She's a terrible liar, isn't she?
She's a terrible manager, isn't she?
She's a terrible mother.
She's a terrible sister.
She's a terrible stepmother.
She's a therapist, isn't she?
She's a thief, isn't she?
She's a thief.
She's a third grader, isn't she?
She's a threat to us all!
She's a time traveler.
She's a time traveller.
She's a top-level executive.
She's a total bitch.
She's a total ditz.
She's a total recluse.
She's a total skank.
She's a total stranger to me.
She's a total sweetheart.
She's a total wreck.
She's a tough competitor, isn't she?
She's a tough cookie.
She's a tough one.
She's a tough woman.
She's a trainee.
She's a traitor.
She's a translator.
She's a tree hugger.
She's a troublemaker, isn't she?
She's a troublemaker.
She's a true artist.
She's a true woman of the world.
She's a trustworthy person; I'm sure of that.
She's a twin, isn't she?
She's a typical feminist.
She's a university student, isn't she?
She's a university student.
She's a user/abuser.
She's a valley girl.
She's a vampire hunter.
She's a vegan, isn't she?
She's a vegetarian, isn't she?
She's a vegetarian.
She's a very beautiful girl.
She's a very busy person, isn't she?
She's a very cheerful person.
She's a very earnest person.
She's a very famous person.
She's a very fast swimmer, isn't she?
She's a very fickle person.
She's a very friendly neighbour.
She's a very fussy eater, isn't she?
She's a very good acrobat.
She's a very good artist, isn't she?
She's a very good coach, isn't she?
She's a very good dancer, isn't she?
She's a very good driver, isn't she?
She's a very good drummer, isn't she?
She's a very good liar.
She's a very good painter, isn't she?
She's a very good reader.
She's a very good singer, isn't she?
She's a very good skater, isn't she?
She's a very good student, isn't she?
She's a very good swimmer.
She's a very good teacher, isn't she?
She's a very good teacher.
She's a very hard worker, isn't she?
She's a very hard worker.
She's a very innocent girl who believes everything she's told.
She's a very intelligent woman.
She's a very interesting person.
She's a very kind neighbor.
She's a very lucky girl.
She's a very neat person, isn't she?
She's a very nice girl.
She's a very nice person, isn't she?
She's a very nice person.
She's a very quiet and withdrawn girl.
She's a very quiet person, isn't she?
She's a very quiet person.
She's a very reasonable woman.
She's a very refined lady.
She's a very religious woman.
She's a very small weak woman.
She's a very special friend to me.
She's a very strange person.
She's a very talented artist.
She's a very talented kid, isn't she?
She's a very timid girl.
She's a very very funny girl.
She's a very well-known person.
She's a very wise mother.
She's a vet, isn't she?
She's a veteran. She's been practicing for decades.
She's a veteran: she's been doing this for decades.
She's a veterinarian.
She's a victim of her own success.
She's a violinist of some renown.
She's a volcano of ideas.
She's a volleyball player, isn't she?
She's a voracious reader.
She's a wannabe actress.
She's a warm person.
She's a warm-hearted person.
She's a wedding consultant.
She's a weird one.
She's a weirdo.
She's a well-known TV presenter.
She's a widow and a pensioner, and faces many hardships.
She's a wild one right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
She's a wimp, isn't she?
She's a wise woman.
She's a witch, just like her mother.
She's a witch.
She's a woman now.
She's a woman of character.
She's a woman of faith.
She's a woman of great beauty.
She's a woman of low moral character.
She's a woman of many talents.
She's a woman of overwhelming beauty.
She's a woman of strong character.
She's a woman of taste and refinement.
She's a woman of whom I've always been dreaming.
She's a woman who gets things done.
She's a woman with a strong personality.
She's a woman.
She's a woman. Have some respect.
She's a wonderful girl.
She's a wonderful wife and mother.
She's a worker.
She's a writer and an actress.
She's a writer.
She's a xenophobe.
She's a yoga instructor.
She's a yoga teacher.
She's a young student.
She's a young, impressionable teenager.
She's a zoologist.
She's able to do that by herself now.
She's able to do that by herself.
She's able to do that now, isn't she?
She's able to do that on her own.
She's able to do that, isn't she?
She's able to skate, isn't she?
She's able to speak six languages, including Berber.
She's able to take care of herself.
She's able to walk on her hands.
She's about 170 cm tall with big eyes, and is slightly chubby.
She's about as erotic as the Queen of England.
She's about as tall as you are.
She's about my age, isn't she?
She's about my age.
She's about my size, isn't she?
She's about the same age as I am.
She's about the same age as me.
She's about the same age as my older sister.
She's about the same age as my sister.
She's about the same height as you.
She's about thirty, isn't she?
She's about to be discharged.
She's about to begin, isn't she?
She's about to cry, isn't she?
She's about to fly over a city.
She's about to go to Bejaia.
She's about to go.
She's about to kiss him.
She's about to leave, isn't she?
She's about to leave.
She's about to set off.
She's about your age, isn't she?
She's abroad, isn't she?
She's absent because she's ill.
She's absent because she's sick.
She's abusing her power.
She's abusing her powers.
She's accepted her punishment.
She's accomplished so much at such a young age, it absolutely blows my mind.
She's accounted diligent.
She's accustomed to getting up early.
She's accustomed to sitting.
She's achieved her goals.
She's acting like she's sick.
She's acting on her own.
She's acting on instinct.
She's acting wild.
She's acting.
She's active and fit.
She's active in her church.
She's active.
She's actually doing that, isn't she?
She's actually made of Swedish chocolate.
She's actually one of the only people I do trust.
She's adamant.
She's addicted to drugs.
She's addicted to shopping.
She's addicted.
She's adding water to a sinking ship.
She's adjusting more and more to the new circumstances.
She's admitted her guilt.
She's admitted her mistakes.
She's admitted killing him.
She's adopted.
She's adorable when she speaks Berber.
She's adorable!
She's adorable.
She's afraid of abandonment.
She's afraid of barking dogs.
She's afraid of cats.
She's afraid of crocodiles.
She's afraid of dogs, isn't she?
She's afraid of dogs.
She's afraid of dying in her sleep.
She's afraid of flying.
She's afraid of getting sick again.
She's afraid of getting sick.
She's afraid of going abroad.
She's afraid of her grandfather.
She's afraid of her own son.
She's afraid of her.
She's afraid of him.
She's afraid of hospitals.
She's afraid of losing money.
She's afraid of me, isn't she?
She's afraid of me.
She's afraid of spiders.
She's afraid of the dark, isn't she?
She's afraid of the dark.
She's afraid of the marriage.
She's afraid of the sea.
She's afraid of the truth.
She's afraid of them.
She's afraid of this dog.
She's afraid of us, isn't she?
She's afraid of us.
She's afraid of you, isn't she?
She's afraid of you.
She's afraid that I'll get lost.
She's afraid that he'll get lost.
She's afraid that the letter may fall into his hands.
She's afraid to fly.
She's afraid to go out into the street.
She's afraid to go there by herself.
She's afraid to leave her house.
She's afraid to sing.
She's afraid to swim in large waves.
She's afraid to talk with strangers.
She's afraid, isn't she?
She's afraid.
She's after a better job.
She's after me.
She's aggressive, isn't she?
She's aggressive.
She's aging.
She's agitated.
She's agreed to do that for him.
She's alive!
She's alive! She was drowning, but her father saved her.
She's alive, isn't she?
She's all I have.
She's all alone, isn't she?
She's all by herself, isn't she?
She's all grown up now.
She's all right now, isn't she?
She's all right, isn't she?
She's all right.
She's all yours.
She's allergic to cats.
She's allergic to eggs.
She's allergic to flowers.
She's allergic to going out.
She's allergic to peanuts, isn't she?
She's allowed to do that, isn't she?
She's allowed to wear the hijab.
She's almost always early, isn't she?
She's almost always right, isn't she?
She's almost always smiling.
She's almost as tall as her father.
She's almost asleep, isn't she?
She's almost broke, isn't she?
She's almost deaf, isn't she?
She's almost done, isn't she?
She's almost done.
She's almost finished, isn't she?
She's almost made up her mind.
She's almost never home.
She's almost ready, isn't she?
She's almost sixty.
She's almost the same height as you.
She's almost thirty, isn't she?
She's alone in her apartment.
She's alone in her car.
She's alone in her office.
She's alone in her room reading a book.
She's alone in her room.
She's alone, isn't she?
She's alone.
She's already asleep, isn't she?
She's already at her desk, isn't she?
She's already at her desk.
She's already at home, isn't she?
She's already back, isn't she?
She's already been to forty countries.
She's already been told not to do that by herself.
She's already been told not to try to do that by herself.
She's already been told to do that by herself.
She's already big enough to do that by herself.
She's already called twice.
She's already cleaned her room.
She's already decided to fire him.
She's already decided to help him.
She's already decided to tell him.
She's already done her homework.
She's already drunk, isn't she?
She's already engaged, isn't she?
She's already finished her chores.
She's already finished her lunch.
She's already forgotten about you.
She's already had cancer twice.
She's already here, isn't she?
She's already home, isn't she?
She's already in her office.
She's already introduced herself to me.
She's already introduced herself.
She's already made her decision.
She's already made up her mind.
She's already married to me.
She's already married, isn't she?
She's already married.
She's already on the list, isn't she?
She's already outside.
She's already packed her bags.
She's already quite drunk, isn't she?
She's already read today's paper.
She's already retired, isn't she?
She's already rich even though she's only 26 years old.
She's already sleeping.
She's already sleeping. Should I wake her up?
She's already snoring.
She's already spent her allowance.
She's already talked to him.
She's already there, isn't she?
She's already up, isn't she?
She's also a beauty.
She's also a friend of his.
She's also a teacher, isn't she?
She's also a visual artist.
She's also been helping him.
She's also from Boston, isn't she?
She's also planning to go, isn't she?
She's also writing a book.
She's also your daughter.
She's altered her plans.
She's always angry.
She's always arguing with her brothers.
She's always around, isn't she?
She's always at home, isn't she?
She's always at the park.
She's always attracted to the wrong man.
She's always been a hothead.
She's always been a mysterious girl.
She's always been a very cheerful person.
She's always been a wilful child, refusing rules.
She's always been bested and so she acts like a fucking cunt.
She's always been convinced that her destiny is to be with the boy she's in love with.
She's always been faithful to him.
She's always biting her fingernails.
She's always blaming herself.
She's always broke, isn't she?
She's always busy on weekdays.
She's always busy, isn't she?
She's always busy.
She's always by herself.
She's always calm.
She's always careful, isn't she?
She's always cheerful, isn't she?
She's always cheerful.
She's always complaining about her ill health.
She's always complaining about him.
She's always complaining about money.
She's always complaining about the food.
She's always concerned with the well-being of others.
She's always confused, isn't she?
She's always contradicting herself.
She's always crying.
She's always dreamt of travelling to Australia.
She's always dressed in black.
She's always early, isn't she?
She's always faithful to her principles.
She's always finding fault in him.
She's always finding fault with me.
She's always friendly, isn't she?
She's always full of optimism.
She's always got more than I've got.
She's always got more than me.
She's always grumbling.
She's always had a strong desire to succeed.
She's always happy and smiling.
She's always happy.
She's always here, isn't she?
She's always hungry.
She's always in a bad mood.
She's always in a good mood.
She's always kept these rules in mind.
She's always late, isn't she?
She's always late.
She's always like that.
She's always looking at herself in the mirror - What vanity.
She's always losing her umbrella.
She's always loved him.
She's always mad.
She's always making foolish decisions; she's a real nitwit.
She's always moaning about something.
She's always on my mind.
She's always on the go.
She's always on time, isn't she?
She's always playing hard to get.
She's always polite, isn't she?
She's always poring over a book.
She's always prepared, isn't she?
She's always punctual, isn't she?
She's always punctual.
She's always putting on airs, acting as if she were Queen.
She's always putting on airs, acting as if she were a queen.
She's always putting on airs.
She's always putting spokes in other people's wheels.
She's always quick on the comeback to any criticism.
She's always quick to respond to criticism.
She's always reading some magazine or other.
She's always right.
She's always satisfied with herself.
She's always saying that, isn't she?
She's always short with me.
She's always slagging me off.
She's always smiling.
She's always so distracted.
She's always so fast!
She's always talking about him.
She's always talking about you guys.
She's always talking about you.
She's always telling him that she loves him.
She's always the worst in the class.
She's always thinking about you.
She's always trying to help other people.
She's always very calm and relaxed.
She's always very careful, isn't she?
She's always very polite, isn't she?
She's always very polite.
She's always wearing skirts and I've never seen her wearing trousers.
She's always willing to help whenever I need something.
She's always witty and eloquent.
She's always worrying about trifles.
She's amazed.
She's amazing.
She's ambidextrous, isn't she?
She's ambidextrous.
She's ambitious and talented.
She's ambitious, isn't she?
She's amiable to everybody.
She's among friends.
She's amusing, isn't she?
She's an African American.
She's an Algerian actress.
She's an Algerian businesswoman.
She's an Algerian woman.
She's an American Jew.
She's an American by birth.
She's an Ashkenazi Jew.
She's an Asian-American.
She's an English girl of Indian origin who goes to visit India.
She's an Englishwoman.
She's an Esperantist.
She's an FBI agent.
She's an Ivy League graduate.
She's an Olympic champion.
She's an Olympic medal winner.
She's an absolute angel.
She's an accomplished artist.
She's an accountant, isn't she?
She's an acrobat.
She's an activist in her community.
She's an actress as well.
She's an actress.
She's an adaptive learner.
She's an admirable woman.
She's an adult now, isn't she?
She's an adult.
She's an advocate for herself.
She's an airhead.
She's an alcoholic, isn't she?
She's an alcoholic.
She's an all-American girl.
She's an altruistic person.
She's an amateur, isn't she?
She's an amazing woman.
She's an angel.
She's an anomaly in the male-dominated sport of boxing, and in a country that clings tightly to traditional roles for men and women, she's an inspiration to women.
She's an anorexic woman.
She's an appalling cook.
She's an archeologist, isn't she?
She's an architect, isn't she?
She's an architect.
She's an aristocrat.
She's an art critic, isn't she?
She's an art dealer, isn't she?
She's an art historian.
She's an art history specialist.
She's an art student, isn't she?
She's an art student.
She's an artist like her father.
She's an artist, isn't she?
She's an artist.
She's an assistant editor, isn't she?
She's an astronaut.
She's an atheist, isn't she?
She's an athlete, isn't she?
She's an attorney.
She's an attractive woman.
She's an audiologist.
She's an authority in her field.
She's an avid art collector.
She's an avid feminist.
She's an awesome nurse.
She's an early riser.
She's an easy girl.
She's an educated Algerian woman.
She's an emotional roller-coaster.
She's an engineer and so is he.
She's an engineer now, isn't she?
She's an engineer, isn't she?
She's an engineer.
She's an entertainer, isn't she?
She's an enthusiastic fighter for social justice.
She's an esthetician.
She's an evil witch.
She's an excellent brain surgeon.
She's an excellent driver, isn't she?
She's an excellent general surgeon.
She's an excellent sewist.
She's an excellent skier, isn't she?
She's an excellent student.
She's an exceptional student.
She's an exceptionally good student.
She's an expert in her field.
She's an expert in human anatomy.
She's an expert on the Berber language.
She's an expert, isn't she?
She's an extraordinarily talented artist.
She's an extravagant pastry chef.
She's an extremely good dancer.
She's an extremist.
She's an eye-opener.
She's an heroin addict.
She's an honest girl.
She's an honest person.
She's an idiot sometimes.
She's an idiot!
She's an idiot.
She's an important American.
She's an important part of our family.
She's an incredibly vain contestant.
She's an independent thinker.
She's an independent woman.
She's an individualist.
She's an insignificant girl.
She's an intellectual.
She's an intelligent young woman.
She's an intense woman.
She's an interesting person.
She's an interesting woman.
She's an interpreter, not a translator.
She's an intimate tattoo.
She's an irresponsible person.
She's an obstinate girl.
She's an oenophile and a perfume-maker: she smells well, and she smells good, too.
She's an old girlfriend of his.
She's an old maid.
She's an old widowed woman.
She's an only child, isn't she?
She's an only child.
She's an opera fan.
She's an optimist, isn't she?
She's an outgoing person, isn't she?
She's an outlaw.
She's an outspoken person.
She's an undercover police officer.
She's an undergrad.
She's an ungrateful child.
She's angry and saying stupid things.
She's angry at me, isn't she?
She's angry at the world.
She's angry at you, isn't she?
She's angry now, isn't she?
She's angry with me, isn't she?
She's angry with me.
She's angry with you, isn't she?
She's angry, isn't she?
She's angry.
She's announced her retirement.
She's annoying and selfish.
She's annoying, isn't she?
She's annoying.
She's anorexic.
She's anxious about her future.
She's anxious about her health.
She's anxious to go abroad.
She's anxious to know the results.
She's anxious, isn't she?
She's apologized for her comments.
She's apparently changed her mind.
She's apples.
She's approachable and nice.
She's approximately twenty years old.
She's apt to be late, isn't she?
She's apt to do that, isn't she?
She's apt to forget her promise.
She's apt to lose her temper.
She's apt to win the prize.
She's around 170 centimeters tall with big eyes and a bit of chub.
She's arriving now.
She's arrogant, isn't she?
She's arrogant.
She's articulate.
She's artsy.
She's as beautiful as always.
She's as beautiful as ever.
She's as busy as Tom.
She's as busy as him.
She's as clever as they make 'em.
She's as fast as lightning.
She's as friendly as can be.
She's as good a cook as her mother.
She's as good a wife as any you could hope for.
She's as good as pie.
She's as innocent as a child, never been kissed by the flames of love.
She's as mad as a hatter.
She's as naked as a jaybird.
She's as old as you.
She's as poor as a church mouse.
She's as pretty as a picture.
She's as pretty as her sister.
She's as smart as her sister.
She's as sweet as apple pie.
She's as sweet as honey.
She's as talkative as her father.
She's as tall as Tom.
She's as tall as her father.
She's as tall as me, isn't she?
She's as thin as a rake.
She's ashamed of her body.
She's ashamed of me.
She's ashamed to speak up.
She's asked us to help him.
She's asking a lot of questions.
She's asking for the impossible.
She's asking how that's possible.
She's asking questions.
She's asking the teacher for help.
She's asking us to help her.
She's asking you to wait.
She's asleep in her bed.
She's asleep in her bedroom.
She's asleep in her chair.
She's asleep in her room, isn't she?
She's asleep in her room.
She's asleep now, isn't she?
She's asleep on her bunk.
She's asleep upstairs, isn't she?
She's asleep with a cold.
She's asleep, isn't she?
She's asleep.
She's asocial.
She's assertive.
She's astonishing.
She's at a crossroads.
She's at a loss how to make ends meet.
She's at a meeting.
She's at church now, isn't she?
She's at church right now, isn't she?
She's at her desk doing paperwork.
She's at her desk eating a sandwich.
She's at her desk working, isn't she?
She's at her desk working.
She's at her desk writing something.
She's at her desk, isn't she?
She's at her desk, studying French.
She's at her desk.
She's at her tennis lesson.
She's at his home.
She's at home at the moment.
She's at home now, isn't she?
She's at home now.
She's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
She's at home right now.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
She's at home today, isn't she?
She's at home watching TV, isn't she?
She's at home with her children.
She's at home with her family now.
She's at home with her parents.
She's at home, isn't she?
She's at home.
She's at law school.
She's at least sixty years old.
She's at loggerheads with her mother.
She's at most 20 years old.
She's at school now, isn't she?
She's at school right now, isn't she?
She's at school, isn't she?
She's at school.
She's at such a tough age.
She's at the beach, isn't she?
She's at the doctors.
She's at the door. Please ask her to come in.
She's at the gym, isn't she?
She's at the hair salon.
She's at the hotel now.
She's at the jeweller's.
She's at the library now, isn't she?
She's at the market.
She's at the museum.
She's at the park.
She's at the pool with her friends.
She's at the railway station.
She's at the station.
She's at the supermarket, isn't she?
She's at the top of her class.
She's at work, isn't she?
She's at work.
She's attentive in conversations.
She's attracted to Asian guys.
She's attracted to Asian men.
She's attracted to bad boys.
She's attracted to black guys.
She's attracted to black men.
She's attracted to her husband's best friend.
She's attractive in a Kabyle dress.
She's attractive in almost every way possible.
She's attractive, but she talks too much.
She's autistic.
She's available.
She's avoiding me, isn't she?
She's awake now, isn't she?
She's awake, isn't she?
She's awake.
She's aware of future events.
She's aware of her direction.
She's aware of her mistake.
She's aware of her mistakes.
She's aware of her own limitations.
She's aware of her shortcomings.
She's aware of it.
She's aware of that, isn't she?
She's aware of that.
She's aware of the danger, isn't she?
She's aware of the situation.
She's away for the weekend.
She's away on a business trip.
She's away on a trip, isn't she?
She's away on vacation.
She's away.
She's awesome.
She's awfully quiet today, isn't she?
She's awfully sick, isn't she?
She's babysitting tonight, isn't she?
She's back again, isn't she?
She's back early, isn't she?
She's back from China.
She's back from Madrid.
She's back from her holiday.
She's back from her trip, isn't she?
She's back from her trip.
She's back from holiday.
She's back home with her family.
She's back in Boston, isn't she?
She's back in her apartment.
She's back in her hometown.
She's back in her office.
She's back in jail, isn't she?
She's back in prison, isn't she?
She's back in town, isn't she?
She's back on her feet.
She's back there with some friends.
She's back to how she was.
She's back with her ex.
She's back, isn't she?
She's back.
She's bad and nasty like everyone said.
She's bad at math.
She's bad at sports, isn't she?
She's bad in bed.
She's bad.
She's bags under her eyes.
She's baking a cake, isn't she?
She's baking cookies for you.
She's barely learning.
She's barely touched her food.
She's bashful.
She's basically clumsy so ... I guess she looks up to that sort of thing.
She's beaming with happiness.
She's beating cancer.
She's beautiful and intelligent.
She's beautiful enough.
She's beautiful regardless what she wears.
She's beautiful, France is!
She's beautiful, and rich... and I hate her.
She's beautiful, but arrogant.
She's beautiful, isn't she?
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
She's beautiful, stylish and well-educated.
She's beautiful, that's true—but once she opens her mouth, you'll only want to get away!
She's beautiful, too.
She's beautiful.
She's become engaged to a rich man.
She's become very thin in the long time since I last saw her. I wonder if she's fallen seriously ill or something.
She's becoming more like her father.
She's been a friend of mine for years.
She's been absent from school for five days.
She's been acting odd lately.
She's been arguing with the neighbours again.
She's been avoiding him like the plague.
She's been avoiding me.
She's been baking biscuits.
She's been borrowing money from him.
She's been busy cleaning her room.
She's been busy in her office.
She's been cheating on her husband for years.
She's been declawed.
She's been doing her homework.
She's been doing kung fu for five years.
She's been doing this for over twenty years.
She's been dragging her feet.
She's been dropping some not-so-subtle hints about what she would like for Christmas.
She's been drugged.
She's been feeling a little on edge recently.
She's been feeling dizzy since she got up this morning.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
She's been helping him do his homework.
She's been helping him with his homework.
She's been here all her life.
She's been here her whole life.
She's been hoping to encounter him for ages.
She's been ill since last Wednesday.
She's been in her room all day.
She's been in hospital for a month.
She's been in hospital for three days.
She's been in surgery for ten hours.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
She's been in the same job for donkey's years.
She's been learning German for a year now.
She's been living for the last five years under an assumed name.
She's been living in this city for five years.
She's been locked in since this morning.
She's been looking a little green lately.
She's been looking for the missing cat all day long.
She's been looking for you.
She's been lucky all her life.
She's been lying to me this whole time.
She's been made redundant.
She's been making biscuits.
She's been matron and acting superintendent ever since the hospital was opened, five years ago.
She's been mute since birth.
She's been on the phone for over an hour.
She's been out of work for over a week.
She's been out of work for two years.
She's been over to your place, right?
She's been poisoned.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano a bit.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat.
She's been quarantined for seven days.
She's been really kind to us.
She's been renovating old houses.
She's been running.
She's been sacked.
She's been sad since her cat died.
She's been sent to jail for murder.
She's been severely traumatized by bullying at school.
She's been shot!
She's been sick for such a long time.
She's been sick since last Wednesday.
She's been single for six months.
She's been sleeping in her car.
She's been staring at me like that for far too long.
She's been staying with me since she was acquitted.
She's been suffering since she got married.
She's been talking on the phone for an hour.
She's been through enough.
She's been told not to do that by herself.
She's been told not to try to do that by herself.
She's been told to do that by herself.
She's been told to stay away from him.
She's been unable to play since January because of a torn calf muscle.
She's been under lock and key for the past 24 hours.
She's been unemployed for two weeks.
She's been very busy all week.
She's been very busy this week.
She's been very busy.
She's been very lucky.
She's been waiting for her for half an hour.
She's been waiting for him for half an hour.
She's been waiting for them for half an hour.
She's been waiting three years for you to come home.
She's been waiting to meet him for a long time.
She's been watching for a meeting with him for quite a while.
She's been wearing the same hat for a month.
She's been working all day long.
She's been working at the university for years.
She's been working her butt off for the last 50 years! Of course, she feels burnt out!
She's been working there for thirty years.
She's begging Linda.
She's beginning to lose her hearing.
She's behaving oddly, isn't she?
She's behaving weirdly.
She's behind bars now.
She's behind in her payments.
She's behind in her rent.
She's behind in her studies.
She's behind schedule, isn't she?
She's behind this, isn't she?
She's being blamed for it, isn't she?
She's being careful, isn't she?
She's being cautious, isn't she?
She's being childish, isn't she?
She's being considered for the job.
She's being deceitful, isn't she?
She's being disagreeable, isn't she?
She's being entertained.
She's being evasive again, isn't she?
She's being evasive, isn't she?
She's being examined regularly.
She's being foolish, isn't she?
She's being nice to me.
She's being questioned by our sketch artist.
She's being quite discreet, isn't she?
She's being quite vague, isn't she?
She's being really vague, isn't she?
She's being reckless, isn't she?
She's being rude, isn't she?
She's being sarcastic, isn't she?
She's being sensible, isn't she?
She's being serious.
She's being silly, isn't she?
She's being so unbelievably nice to me.
She's being stalked by a transvestite man.
She's being stubborn, isn't she?
She's being taken care of, isn't she?
She's being tormented by her own conscience.
She's being truthful, isn't she?
She's being unfair, isn't she?
She's being vague, isn't she?
She's being very cautious, isn't she?
She's being very cynical, isn't she?
She's being very patient, isn't she?
She's being very selfish, isn't she?
She's being very sensible, isn't she?
She's being very vague, isn't she?
She's beside herself.
She's better at English than I am, but I'm better than she is at French.
She's better at English than I am; then again, I'm better at French.
She's better at it than I am.
She's better in smaller groups.
She's better looking than me.
She's better off without him.
She's better than I was at her age.
She's better than me.
She's better than us.
She's better, isn't she?
She's bi and large.
She's biased, isn't she?
She's big-headed, isn't she?
She's bigger than you are, isn't she?
She's bipolar.
She's bisexual.
She's biting her nails.
She's black.
She's bladdered.
She's bleeding profusely.
She's bleeding.
She's blind drunk.
She's blind in her left eye.
She's blind in her right eye.
She's blind in one eye.
She's blind, isn't she?
She's blind.
She's blond and slim.
She's bluffing, isn't she?
She's boiling eggs in the kitchen.
She's boiling some eggs in the kitchen.
She's bored out of her mind.
She's bored, isn't she?
She's bored.
She's boring, isn't she?
She's borrowed over 3,000 dollars from him.
She's bossy, isn't she?
She's both tall and fat.
She's bought herself a coat.
She's bought herself a pair of high heels.
She's bouncing on the trampoline.
She's bound to be on her guard.
She's brave and honest.
She's brave, isn't she?
She's brave.
She's breaking it off.
She's breaking my heart.
She's breaking the rules, isn't she?
She's breathing.
She's breathtaking.
She's bright and articulate.
She's bright, isn't she?
She's broke, isn't she?
She's broke.
She's broken both of her arms.
She's broken her arm.
She's broken her left leg.
She's broken one of her legs.
She's brought something for him.
She's browsing through the calendar.
She's bruises on her right arm.
She's brushing her hair.
She's brushing her teeth.
She's brutal.
She's building castles in the air.
She's buried in Kabylia.
She's burning insence again.
She's burying her money in the sand.
She's burying the dog.
She's busy again, isn't she?
She's busy at the moment, isn't she?
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
She's busy now, isn't she?
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
She's busy preparing for her trip.
She's busy right now, isn't she?
She's busy this afternoon, isn't she?
She's busy today, isn't she?
She's busy today.
She's busy with her homework.
She's busy with her research.
She's busy with her work.
She's busy, isn't she?
She's busy.
She's busy. Wait a little longer.
She's but a child.
She's butt naked.
She's buying a book about birds.
She's buying a book in that store.
She's buying a gift for her son.
She's buying a new house, isn't she?
She's buying apples, pears and strawberries.
She's buying food.
She's buying her children some toys.
She's buying her son a toy.
She's buying jewellery at a jeweller's.
She's buying jewellery from a jeweller's.
She's buying jewelry at the store.
She's buying medical cream.
She's buying shirts.
She's buying some food.
She's buying what we need, isn't she?
She's by far the tallest girl.
She's by herself in her car.
She's by herself, isn't she?
She's by herself.
She's by no means lacking in consideration. She's just shy.
She's cagey about her plans.
She's calculating.
She's calling Jacques.
She's calling from her office.
She's calling her mother.
She's calling me.
She's calling people to Islam.
She's calling the police.
She's calling you, answer her.
She's calling you.
She's calm, isn't she?
She's canceled her appointment.
She's canceled her trip.
She's capable of anything.
She's capable of doing it, isn't she?
She's capable of eating it all herself.
She's capable of taking care of herself.
She's careful, isn't she?
She's careless, isn't she?
She's carrying a baby.
She's catholic, but doesn't go to church.
She's caused me a lot of trouble.
She's celebrating her birthday today. She's eighteen.
She's celebrating her eighteenth birthday today.
She's celebrating her thirtieth birthday.
She's certain to be surprised.
She's certainly an interesting and passionate person.
She's changed her mind about that.
She's changed her mind again.
She's changed her plans.
She's changed.
She's changing her clothes.
She's charismatic, isn't she?
She's charming and intelligent.
She's charming.
She's chatting with her friends.
She's chatty.
She's cheating on her husband.
She's cheating on her wife.
She's cheating on you!
She's checked.
She's checking her cellphone.
She's checking her messages.
She's chewing gum, isn't she?
She's chewing her fingernails.
She's chewing.
She's claustrophobic, isn't she?
She's cleaning her car.
She's cleaning her glasses.
She's cleaning her room, isn't she?
She's cleaning her room.
She's cleaning off the make-up.
She's cleaning out her closet.
She's cleaning the book.
She's clearing her throat.
She's clearly hiding something.
She's clearly lying.
She's clearly out of her mind.
She's clearly out of practice.
She's clearly over forty.
She's clever, isn't she?
She's clever.
She's cleverer than him.
She's close to sixty.
She's close to thirty, isn't she?
She's closing everything.
She's clutching her hot-water bottle.
She's cold, isn't she?
She's collecting material for a book.
She's combing her hair with a comb.
She's combing her hair.
She's come to make trouble.
She's coming as well?
She's coming back from Sydney today.
She's coming back in an hour.
She's coming back tonight, isn't she?
She's coming back, isn't she?
She's coming back.
She's coming for a visit, isn't she?
She's coming from Lisbon.
She's coming here on her own.
She's coming here, isn't she?
She's coming home from school early.
She's coming home, isn't she?
She's coming later.
She's coming next Monday, isn't she?
She's coming over, isn't she?
She's coming over.
She's coming soon, isn't she?
She's coming this Monday, isn't she?
She's coming this evening.
She's coming to Boston, isn't she?
She's coming to France.
She's coming to pick me up.
She's coming today, isn't she?
She's coming tomorrow, isn't she?
She's coming with her wife.
She's coming with me.
She's coming with us, isn't she?
She's coming with us.
She's coming with you, isn't she?
She's coming!
She's coming, isn't she?
She's coming, too, isn't she?
She's coming.
She's committed to her career.
She's competitive, isn't she?
She's complaining about this and that, again.
She's complete faith in her boss.
She's completed her homework.
She's completely bankrupt.
She's completely blasé about the dangers of smoking.
She's completely clueless, isn't she?
She's completely crazy about him.
She's completely crazy.
She's completely incompetent.
She's completely lacking in confidence.
She's completely lost her mind.
She's completely sure that she's not pregnant.
She's completely useless.
She's compulsive, isn't she?
She's conceited, isn't she?
She's concentrating, isn't she?
She's concerned about her future.
She's concerned about her health.
She's concerned about her safety.
She's concerned about him.
She's concerned about your safety.
She's concerned for her safety.
She's concerned.
She's confident about her future.
She's confident in him, and that's all he needs.
She's confident of her ability.
She's confident she'll win, isn't she?
She's confident, isn't she?
She's confused, isn't she?
She's conscientious, isn't she?
She's conscious, isn't she?
She's conservative, isn't she?
She's considerate, isn't she?
She's considered insane, bipolar by her family.
She's considering changing her life.
She's considering her options.
She's consistently cheerful.
She's constantly in and out of hospital.
She's constantly losing her mobile.
She's continuing her work.
She's continuing his work.
She's continuously interrupted.
She's contradicting herself.
She's contributing, isn't she?
She's convinced everybody hates her.
She's convinced everyone hates her.
She's convinced she has an insect inside her head.
She's convinced that there has to be a solution.
She's cooked for us all.
She's cooking broccoli.
She's cooking now, isn't she?
She's cooking now.
She's cooking something.
She's cooking.
She's cool, isn't she?
She's cooperating, isn't she?
She's coordinating this activity.
She's correct for sure.
She's counting her money.
She's counting on me.
She's counting on us, isn't she?
She's counting on you, isn't she?
She's counting on you.
She's courageous, isn't she?
She's courageous.
She's courted heavily.
She's cowardly.
She's crafty, isn't she?
She's cranky, isn't she?
She's crazy about him.
She's crazy about it.
She's crazy about me.
She's crazy about tennis, isn't she?
She's crazy about tennis.
She's crazy, isn't she?
She's crazy.
She's creative, isn't she?
She's creepy, isn't she?
She's crippled now.
She's crossed in love.
She's cruel and heartless.
She's cruel, isn't she?
She's cruel.
She's crying again, isn't she?
She's crying for me.
She's crying in her room.
She's crying with joy.
She's crying, too, isn't she?
She's crying.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
She's curious, isn't she?
She's currently a university student.
She's currently in Boston, isn't she?
She's cursed.
She's cut her finger.
She's cut off one of her fingers.
She's cute and fun.
She's cute, and more importantly, has class.
She's cute, isn't she?
She's cute.
She's cynical, isn't she?
She's dancing in her room.
She's dancing with another man.
She's dancing.
She's dangerous, isn't she?
She's daring, that girl!
She's dating a cop.
She's dating a doctor.
She's dating a fireman.
She's dating a married guy.
She's dating a murderer.
She's dating a nice guy.
She's dating a nice normal guy.
She's dating a pervert.
She's dating my brother and I'm dating her sister.
She's dating my brother.
She's dating somebody, isn't she?
She's dating someone from Kabylie.
She's dating someone, isn't she?
She's daydreaming.
She's dead serious, isn't she?
She's dead to me.
She's dead, isn't she?
She's dead.
She's deaf and mute, and is getting blind, too.
She's deaf in her right ear.
She's deaf in one ear, isn't she?
She's deaf, isn't she?
She's deaf.
She's dear to me.
She's debt-free.
She's decided not to sell her car.
She's decided to cooperate with him.
She's decided to forgive him.
She's decided to go skiing with him.
She's decided to go to Boston by herself.
She's decided to propose to him.
She's decided to quit her job.
She's decided to sell her car.
She's decided to sell her house.
She's decided to try doing that herself.
She's decisive, isn't she?
She's decorating her room.
She's dedicated to her job.
She's dedicated to her profession.
She's dedicated, isn't she?
She's deep in debt.
She's deeply in love with him.
She's definitely hiding something.
She's definitely prettier now.
She's deluding herself, isn't she?
She's deluding herself.
She's demanding too much.
She's demented.
She's dependable, isn't she?
She's dependent on her husband.
She's depressed and cuts herself.
She's depressed, isn't she?
She's depressed.
She's desperate now, isn't she?
She's desperate, isn't she?
She's desperate.
She's destroying her clothes.
She's destroying her clothing.
She's determined to become a secretary.
She's determined to get back at her friend for stabbing her in the back.
She's determined to have her way.
She's determined to keep the family together.
She's determined, isn't she?
She's devastatingly beautiful.
She's developed feelings for him.
She's devious, isn't she?
She's devoted to her three children.
She's devoted to her work.
She's devoted to home life.
She's diabetic, isn't she?
She's diabetic, so her blood sugar was already out of whack.
She's die-hard coffee drinker.
She's dieting, isn't she?
She's dieting.
She's different from her brother.
She's different from her classmates.
She's different now, isn't she?
She's different.
She's difficult to reach, isn't she?
She's digging her own grave.
She's diligent in her studies.
She's diplomatic, isn't she?
She's direct, isn't she?
She's dirty, isn't she?
She's disappointed.
She's discouraged, isn't she?
She's discreet, isn't she?
She's disgraced herself.
She's disgruntled with her job.
She's disgusted with herself.
She's disgusted with the job.
She's dishonest, isn't she?
She's dishonest.
She's dislocated her shoulder.
She's disorganized, isn't she?
She's disorganized.
She's dissatisfied with her job.
She's divorced, isn't she?
She's divorced.
She's divorcing her husband.
She's does her daughter's hair.
She's doing OK so far, isn't she?
She's doing OK, isn't she?
She's doing a great job.
She's doing a world tour.
She's doing all right, isn't she?
She's doing all she can do, isn't she?
She's doing all she can, isn't she?
She's doing better today, isn't she?
She's doing better, isn't she?
She's doing everything she can for him.
She's doing fine now, isn't she?
She's doing fine on her own.
She's doing fine, isn't she?
She's doing fine.
She's doing great, isn't she?
She's doing great.
She's doing her French homework.
She's doing her best not to cry.
She's doing her best to change that.
She's doing her best to comfort him.
She's doing her best to fit in.
She's doing her best to stay calm.
She's doing her best, isn't she?
She's doing her best.
She's doing her daughter's hair.
She's doing her hair.
She's doing her homework now.
She's doing her homework, isn't she?
She's doing her homework.
She's doing her nails.
She's doing her part, isn't she?
She's doing her part.
She's doing her work.
She's doing it just to spite him.
She's doing it right, isn't she?
She's doing it right.
She's doing it to me out of spite.
She's doing it wrong, isn't she?
She's doing quite well.
She's doing research into the working conditions of master builders during the Middle Ages.
She's doing something, isn't she?
She's doing that by herself.
She's doing that for free, isn't she?
She's doing that for her children.
She's doing that for money.
She's doing that now, isn't she?
She's doing that, isn't she?
She's doing the best she can.
She's doing the washing up.
She's doing this for Mom.
She's doing this for her children.
She's doing very well today.
She's doing very well, isn't she?
She's doing well at school.
She's doing well in her classes at school.
She's doing well in her schoolwork.
She's doing well now, isn't she?
She's doing well, isn't she?
She's doing what she can, isn't she?
She's doing what we asked, isn't she?
She's doing what you told her to do.
She's donating money for cancer research.
She's done a good deed.
She's done a lot for him.
She's done a lot to help him.
She's done better than him.
She's done for today, isn't she?
She's done for.
She's done her homework already.
She's done her homework.
She's done her work well.
She's done it before.
She's done nothing but cry all day.
She's done so much for us over the years. I think we owe her this much.
She's done this before.
She's done well for herself.
She's done wonders in the scientific field.
She's done, isn't she?
She's doodling again.
She's double-jointed, isn't she?
She's double-jointed.
She's down to earth.
She's downstairs, isn't she?
She's dragging her feet.
She's dreaming about having a car.
She's dreaming.
She's dressed beautifully.
She's dressed for sex.
She's dressed in a nice Kabyle dress.
She's drinking a glass of white wine.
She's drinking apple juice.
She's drinking coffee.
She's drinking milk, isn't she?
She's drinking tea, isn't she?
She's drinking.
She's driven, isn't she?
She's driving her car.
She's driving me crazy.
She's driving them to school.
She's driving to the petrol station.
She's driving.
She's drop-dead gorgeous.
She's drowning in debt.
She's drowning.
She's drunk again, isn't she?
She's drunk with greed.
She's drying her face with a towel.
She's due soon.
She's dumb as a rock.
She's dumb.
She's dying for that cake.
She's dying of thirst.
She's dying, isn't she?
She's eager for knowledge.
She's eager to leave, isn't she?
She's eager to meet her sweetheart.
She's eager to see cars.
She's eager to speak to you.
She's early, isn't she?
She's easily distracted.
She's easily influenced.
She's easily moved to tears.
She's easily offended.
She's easy to impress, isn't she?
She's easy to impress.
She's easy to please, isn't she?
She's easy to talk to, isn't she?
She's easygoing, isn't she?
She's eating Uzbek pilaf at the restaurant now.
She's eating a carrot.
She's eating a little bit of chocolate cake.
She's eating a pear.
She's eating a pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese.
She's eating an apple.
She's eating bread.
She's eating by herself.
She's eating cake, isn't she?
She's eating cookies, isn't she?
She's eating couscous.
She's eating for two.
She's eating fruit and bread.
She's eating fruit.
She's eating her favorite ice cream.
She's eating ice cream.
She's eating lunch right now.
She's eating lunch, isn't she?
She's eating now, isn't she?
She's eating rice.
She's eating some bread.
She's eating something.
She's eating spaghetti.
She's eating sweets.
She's eating too fast.
She's eating, isn't she?
She's eating.
She's eccentric, isn't she?
She's efficient, isn't she?
She's eight months pregnant.
She's eight years old.
She's eighteen years old max.
She's elegant and refined.
She's eleven years old.
She's eloped with him.
She's eloquent, isn't she?
She's eloquent.
She's embarrassed.
She's emotionally dependent on him.
She's energetic, isn't she?
She's engaged in social work.
She's engaged to another man.
She's engaged to be married.
She's enjoying herself, isn't she?
She's enjoying herself.
She's enjoying this, isn't she?
She's enraged.
She's entertaining herself.
She's enthusiastic, isn't she?
She's even afraid of her own shadow.
She's even more beautiful when she smiles.
She's even more hardworking than you are.
She's every bit an English lady.
She's everywhere.
She's evidently sick.
She's exactly like her father.
She's exactly what I was looking for.
She's exaggerating, isn't she?
She's exaggerating, obviously.
She's exaggerating, of course.
She's exasperated by her partner's indifference.
She's exceptional.
She's excited about her job.
She's excited but cold on the outside.
She's exercising in order to strengthen her legs.
She's exercising.
She's exhausted, isn't she?
She's expected to do that, isn't she?
She's expected to recover, isn't she?
She's expecting a call from him.
She's expecting somebody, isn't she?
She's expecting someone, isn't she?
She's expecting that, isn't she?
She's expecting twins.
She's expecting you, isn't she?
She's experienced.
She's experiencing financial difficulties.
She's experiencing pressure.
She's explained the problem to him.
She's explained the situation to him.
She's explaining.
She's extremely busy, isn't she?
She's extremely busy.
She's extremely cautious.
She's extremely creative, isn't she?
She's extremely happy.
She's extremely outgoing, isn't she?
She's extremely proud of her son.
She's extremely shy, isn't she?
She's extroverted, isn't she?
She's failed the exam.
She's failed.
She's fainted because of the bad air.
She's fair, isn't she?
She's fairly ambitious, isn't she?
She's fairly important, isn't she?
She's fairly old, isn't she?
She's fairly reliable, isn't she?
She's fairly shy, isn't she?
She's fairly young, isn't she?
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
She's faking.
She's fallen asleep on the sofa in my room.
She's fallen behind in her work.
She's fallen in love with him.
She's fallen in love!
She's fallen madly in love with him.
She's fallen prey to a bounty hunter.
She's falling asleep.
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
She's famous, isn't she?
She's famous.
She's fanning herself.
She's far away.
She's far behind in her studies.
She's far better off than she was the year before last.
She's far from beautiful.
She's far from me.
She's far more experienced than me.
She's far more responsible than you ever were.
She's farting all the time.
She's fascinated by accidents.
She's fashionable.
She's fast, isn't she?
She's fast.
She's faster than me, isn't she?
She's faster than you are, isn't she?
She's fat, isn't she?
She's fearless, isn't she?
She's fed up with Kalman's procrastination on household chores.
She's fed up.
She's feeling OK now, isn't she?
She's feeling a little tired.
She's feeling better today.
She's feeling better, isn't she?
She's feeling good about herself.
She's feeling lost.
She's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment.
She's feeling much better, isn't she?
She's feeling much better.
She's feeling quite miserable right now, I'll have you know.
She's fifty years old and the knowledge that she's lived a life of sacrifice.
She's fighting for her life.
She's fighting.
She's filled my canteen with panna cotta.
She's filming.
She's filthy rich.
She's finally broken up with him.
She's finally herself again.
She's finally paid her rent.
She's financially dependent on her parents.
She's fine now, isn't she?
She's fine on her own.
She's fine, isn't she?
She's fine.
She's finished eating her lunch.
She's finished her homework.
She's finished speaking to him.
She's finished, isn't she?
She's finished.
She's finishing her work.
She's first in her class.
She's fishing today, isn't she?
She's five foot five.
She's five years younger than I am.
She's five years younger than he is.
She's five years younger than him.
She's five years younger than me.
She's five.
She's fixing a car.
She's fixing that, isn't she?
She's fixing the machine.
She's flirty with everyone.
She's fluent in Berber.
She's fluent in English.
She's flying to Semaoune.
She's flying.
She's folding her clothes.
She's following a get-fit programme.
She's following me.
She's following them.
She's following us, isn't she?
She's fond of cake.
She's fond of inviting close friends to her house.
She's fond of playing tennis.
She's fond of taking pictures.
She's fooling herself.
She's foolish, isn't she?
She's forbidden to go in.
She's forbidden to go out.
She's forever arguing with her brothers.
She's forever losing her mobile.
She's forgetful, isn't she?
She's forgiven him.
She's forgotten everything.
She's forgotten how to do it.
She's forgotten what she wanted to say.
She's forgotten what she wanted to write.
She's forgotten what she was going to say.
She's forgotten what she was going to write.
She's forty.
She's found a happy balance between work and family.
She's found her first grey hair.
She's found herself a boyfriend.
She's found out that Zhukov's tobacco costs two rubles, while Faler's is only one ruble ninety kopeks a pound.
She's four months pregnant.
She's fractured her leg.
She's frank, isn't she?
She's free, isn't she?
She's friendly to everyone, isn't she?
She's frightened by loud noises.
She's frightened, isn't she?
She's frightened. I don't know why.
She's frigid.
She's from Algeria.
She's from Australia, isn't she?
She's from Austria.
She's from Boston and so is he.
She's from Boston, but lives in Washington.
She's from Boston, isn't she?
She's from Ecuador.
She's from Egypt.
She's from France.
She's from Georgia.
She's from Kabylie, Algeria.
She's from Lisbon.
She's from London.
She's from Mexico.
She's from Portugal.
She's from Scotland.
She's from Seychelles.
She's from Somalia.
She's from Turkey.
She's from a far-off land.
She's from here, isn't she?
She's from the US.
She's from the United States.
She's fucked up.
She's full of doubts.
She's full of energy, isn't she?
She's full of hate.
She's full of uncertainty.
She's fun to be around.
She's fun to be with, isn't she?
She's fun to hang out with.
She's fun, carefree, smart, full of surprises.
She's fun, isn't she?
She's funny, isn't she?
She's funny.
She's furious, isn't she?
She's furious.
She's fussy, isn't she?
She's gained weight.
She's gaining weight, isn't she?
She's gathering evidence.
She's gathering nuts.
She's gay.
She's generous with her money.
She's generous with her time.
She's generous, isn't she?
She's gentle and patient.
She's gentle with children.
She's gentle.
She's getting ahead of herself.
She's getting angry, isn't she?
She's getting behind in her work.
She's getting better, isn't she?
She's getting bored, isn't she?
She's getting breakfast ready.
She's getting dressed in her room.
She's getting dressed.
She's getting fat, isn't she?
She's getting help, isn't she?
She's getting her things together.
She's getting into the lift.
She's getting jealous.
She's getting married in five months.
She's getting married next month.
She's getting married next year.
She's getting married soon.
She's getting married this autumn.
She's getting married, isn't she?
She's getting off at the next port.
She's getting old.
She's getting older.
She's getting on all right.
She's getting out of bed.
She's getting paid.
She's getting ready for her trip.
She's getting ready to be married.
She's getting ready to marry.
She's getting ready, isn't she?
She's getting ready.
She's getting rid of her old car.
She's getting suspicious.
She's getting taller.
She's getting tired.
She's getting up.
She's getting used to her new job.
She's getting worse and worse.
She's getting worse, isn't she?
She's given me her book.
She's giving blood to save her brother.
She's giving blood to save her sister.
She's giving each child two apples.
She's giving food to the homeless.
She's giving her mother a bouquet of flowers.
She's giving herself up to love.
She's glad, isn't she?
She's going alone.
She's going away for a long time.
She's going back home, isn't she?
She's going back to America.
She's going back to Italy.
She's going back to Kenya.
She's going back to her hotel.
She's going back to jail, isn't she?
She's going back to school.
She's going be OK, isn't she?
She's going blind, isn't she?
She's going by ferry.
She's going deaf, isn't she?
She's going downtown, isn't she?
She's going fishing.
She's going home.
She's going into labor.
She's going into the lift.
She's going out to buy some things.
She's going out to dinner with Tom.
She's going out to dinner.
She's going out with a fireman.
She's going out with a model.
She's going out.
She's going round the world.
She's going shopping.
She's going swimming and she's happy.
She's going through a midlife crisis.
She's going through some type of mid-life crisis.
She's going to Boston, isn't she?
She's going to Brussels.
She's going to Chemini.
She's going to Kabylie.
She's going to New York on Sunday.
She's going to Ooita.
She's going to Seychelles.
She's going to Thailand.
She's going to agree, isn't she?
She's going to apologize, isn't she?
She's going to at ifik.
She's going to be OK, isn't she?
She's going to be a cook, isn't she?
She's going to be a teacher.
She's going to be able to do that.
She's going to be famous someday.
She's going to be furious, isn't she?
She's going to be happy.
She's going to be here for a while.
She's going to be hungry.
She's going to be in charge.
She's going to be jealous, isn't she?
She's going to be late for school.
She's going to be mad, isn't she?
She's going to be made redundant.
She's going to be present, isn't she?
She's going to be sacked.
She's going to be there, isn't she?
She's going to be tickled pink to find you here.
She's going to bed.
She's going to build her parents a house.
She's going to build his parents a house.
She's going to buy a beautiful house in Mexico.
She's going to buy it.
She's going to buy some books.
She's going to buy the red sweater.
She's going to buy them that as a gift.
She's going to buy us that as a gift.
She's going to check.
She's going to college.
She's going to come back.
She's going to come early, isn't she?
She's going to come later, isn't she?
She's going to complain, isn't she?
She's going to cook.
She's going to cry, isn't she?
She's going to dance.
She's going to die, isn't she?
She's going to die.
She's going to do her best.
She's going to do it her own way.
She's going to do that by herself.
She's going to do that herself.
She's going to do that on her own.
She's going to do that, isn't she?
She's going to drink some milk.
She's going to drive me crazy!
She's going to escape, isn't she?
She's going to escape.
She's going to fail, isn't she?
She's going to find out sooner or later.
She's going to find out.
She's going to fix that, isn't she?
She's going to fix this, isn't she?
She's going to get better, isn't she?
She's going to get fired, isn't she?
She's going to get help, isn't she?
She's going to get her chance.
She's going to get herself killed if she isn't careful.
She's going to get herself killed.
She's going to get hurt, isn't she?
She's going to get married to Mr. Johnson on June 4th.
She's going to get used to it quickly.
She's going to get you in trouble.
She's going to go home.
She's going to go skiing by herself.
She's going to go, too, isn't she?
She's going to handle that herself.
She's going to have a baby in July.
She's going to have a baby, Tom.
She's going to have a baby.
She's going to have a few days' rest.
She's going to have a great life.
She's going to have a heart attack.
She's going to have a shower.
She's going to have coffee with her friend.
She's going to have fun, isn't she?
She's going to have her hands full.
She's going to have to do it all by herself.
She's going to have to do it by herself.
She's going to have to do that by herself.
She's going to have to do that herself.
She's going to have to take better care of herself.
She's going to help me learn Arabic.
She's going to help us, isn't she?
She's going to help you, isn't she?
She's going to his place to help him do something.
She's going to hurt herself if she's not a little more careful.
She's going to hurt herself if she's not careful.
She's going to hurt herself.
She's going to kill herself.
She's going to kill me.
She's going to law school, isn't she?
She's going to leave soon, isn't she?
She's going to leave, isn't she?
She's going to lend me her umbrella.
She's going to like this more.
She's going to look after him.
She's going to lose, isn't she?
She's going to love this.
She's going to make a salad.
She's going to make a sex tape.
She's going to make it.
She's going to make some coffee.
She's going to meet her cousin tomorrow.
She's going to miss her flight.
She's going to miss the bus.
She's going to mssina.
She's going to need help, isn't she?
She's going to need help.
She's going to need these, isn't she?
She's going to need this, isn't she?
She's going to paint her car blue.
She's going to paint her car.
She's going to pass, isn't she?
She's going to pay by cheque.
She's going to prison, isn't she?
She's going to put her dog to sleep.
She's going to quit, isn't she?
She's going to regret this.
She's going to resign, isn't she?
She's going to rest for a few days.
She's going to return to her country.
She's going to ruin her life if she marries that good-for-nothing. Someone should knock some sense into her.
She's going to run to at jlil.
She's going to say no, isn't she?
She's going to school.
She's going to see the artist now.
She's going to see to it that he can go to the concert.
She's going to sell her house.
She's going to sing, isn't she?
She's going to sit here, isn't she?
She's going to sit on the yellow couch.
She's going to stay here, isn't she?
She's going to stay, isn't she?
She's going to take a few photos.
She's going to take a look.
She's going to take a mid-day nap.
She's going to take a siesta.
She's going to take her time.
She's going to take me with her.
She's going to take some photos.
She's going to take some shots.
She's going to take the boy to school.
She's going to talk her father into buying a new car.
She's going to tazmalt.
She's going to tear her house down.
She's going to tell him she likes him.
She's going to tell him she loves him.
She's going to tell him that she likes him.
She's going to tell him that she loves him.
She's going to the bakery.
She's going to the beach, isn't she?
She's going to the concert.
She's going to the hospital.
She's going to the hotel now.
She's going to the kitchen to make coffee.
She's going to the river hare.
She's going to the top of the rock.
She's going to try again, isn't she?
She's going to try it, isn't she?
She's going to try rolling back an update.
She's going to try to win, isn't she?
She's going to upload a new video.
She's going to visit chorfa.
She's going to wait, isn't she?
She's going to walk home by herself.
She's going to walk home, isn't she?
She's going to win, isn't she?
She's going to work alone.
She's going to work on it, isn't she?
She's going to work today, isn't she?
She's going to work.
She's going to write a letter.
She's going too far in her demands.
She's going up the rock.
She's going with you, isn't she?
She's going without knowing where.
She's going, isn't she?
She's going.
She's gone back to her hotel.
She's gone completely mad.
She's gone completely nuts.
She's gone completely off her rocker.
She's gone for a walk on the beach with her dog.
She's gone for a walk somewhere.
She's gone for a walk.
She's gone mad.
She's gone on a trip.
She's gone out.
She's gone red.
She's gone to France to study art.
She's gone to buy some playing cards.
She's gone to buy some wine.
She's gone to get him.
She's gone to the cinema with him.
She's gone to the post office to post a parcel.
She's gone to the shops but should be back soon.
She's gone to the stadium.
She's gone to work.
She's gone, isn't she?
She's gone.
She's gonna be okay.
She's gonna be prom queen for sure.
She's gonna be prom queen.
She's gonna kill me.
She's gonna love that Kabyle dress.
She's gonna win for sure.
She's good at French, isn't she?
She's good at bargaining the price down.
She's good at basketball, isn't she?
She's good at biology, isn't she?
She's good at chess, isn't she?
She's good at cooking, isn't she?
She's good at creating the narrative of a crime.
She's good at defending herself.
She's good at doing that, isn't she?
She's good at drawing, isn't she?
She's good at driving, isn't she?
She's good at football.
She's good at geography, isn't she?
She's good at getting around rules.
She's good at golf, isn't she?
She's good at handling children.
She's good at her job, isn't she?
She's good at math, isn't she?
She's good at math.
She's good at singing, isn't she?
She's good at skiing, isn't she?
She's good at swimming.
She's good at talking with people.
She's good at tennis, isn't she?
She's good at tennis.
She's good at that, isn't she?
She's good at the piano.
She's good at this game, isn't she?
She's good at this, isn't she?
She's good at what she does.
She's good in bed.
She's good to me you know.
She's good with animals, isn't she?
She's good with animals.
She's good with kids, isn't she?
She's good, isn't she?
She's good-looking for her age.
She's good-looking, isn't she?
She's good.
She's got Lyme disease.
She's got a Turkish boyfriend.
She's got a beer bottle in her hand.
She's got a big room all to herself.
She's got a bottle of beer in her hand.
She's got a cat. The cat's white.
She's got a cute accent.
She's got a dog.
She's got a fair complexion while her brother is very dark.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
She's got a good heart.
She's got a gripe about it.
She's got a hang-up about me being perfect.
She's got a heart of stone.
She's got a husband and kids.
She's got a light-blue dress with short sleeves.
She's got a light-blue pair of shoes.
She's got a lot of grey hair.
She's got a lot of guys drooling over her.
She's got a lot of history books.
She's got a lot of work to do.
She's got a new car.
She's got a nice ass.
She's got a point.
She's got a question.
She's got a rock-solid alibi.
She's got a short-sleeved light-blue dress.
She's got a superiority complex.
She's got a sword.
She's got a temper.
She's got a very good piano teacher.
She's got about two thousand books.
She's got amazing qualities.
She's got ample frontage.
She's got an amusing turn of phrase.
She's got an appointment at 11 a.m.
She's got an appointment at 11 o'clock.
She's got beautiful long auburn hair.
She's got chronic bronchitis.
She's got four of them.
She's got grey hair.
She's got her favourite CD.
She's got her pyjamas on.
She's got honourable intentions.
She's got it all.
She's got it bad.
She's got long hair.
She's got lovers for every day of the week.
She's got money.
She's got more books than I've got.
She's got more books than me.
She's got more books.
She's got no one she can turn to.
She's got no one to turn to.
She's got none.
She's got nothing in common with him.
She's got one that he hasn't.
She's got seven children.
She's got several hundred books.
She's got slippers on.
She's got some guts, hasn't she?
She's got something to say to you.
She's got such lovely eyes.
She's got terrible handwriting.
She's got the best grades.
She's got the biggest collection of cuddly toys I've ever seen.
She's got the freshman 15.
She's got the hots for you.
She's got the measure of you.
She's got the point.
She's got them, and I haven't.
She's got to be taken to hospital.
She's got to buy them overseas.
She's got to change her bike tyre.
She's got to do some shopping.
She's got to find a good excuse to get out of that.
She's got to get ready for dinner.
She's got to go straight to school.
She's got to go there.
She's got to go to England this summer.
She's got to grin and bear it.
She's got to sort it out herself.
She's got too much energy! I don't know if I can last!
She's got two aunts on her mother's side.
She's got two cats. One's white and the other is black.
She's got two teeth?
She's got very short hair.
She's got what it takes.
She's gotten a lot of letters from him.
She's gotten a number of letters from him.
She's gotten fat.
She's gotten her confidence back.
She's gotten herself into trouble before.
She's gradually getting used to the new situation.
She's graduating this year, isn't she?
She's grateful that she's still alive.
She's great in bed.
She's great with children, isn't she?
She's greedy, isn't she?
She's grouchy today, isn't she?
She's grounded.
She's growing impatient, isn't she?
She's growing up.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
She's grown quite thin since the last time I've seen her. I wonder if she's sick or something.
She's grown up surrounded by family.
She's grown up to be a beautiful woman.
She's grumpy today, isn't she?
She's grumpy, isn't she?
She's guilty of a grave blunder.
She's guilty, isn't she?
She's gullible, isn't she?
She's gutted by her exam results.
She's habitually late.
She's had a bellyful.
She's had a difficult past.
She's had a hard life.
She's had a long day.
She's had a lot of plastic surgery.
She's had enough.
She's had her appendix removed.
She's had her hair cut.
She's had her license suspended.
She's had to slow down a bit since her illness.
She's half his age.
She's handed in her resignation.
She's handy with a needle.
She's hanged herself.
She's happier now, isn't she?
She's happily married, isn't she?
She's happy about what you did.
She's happy and satisfied.
She's happy and you can tell by the gleam in her eyes.
She's happy being a bi woman.
She's happy here, isn't she?
She's happy now, isn't she?
She's happy to have a job, isn't she?
She's happy traveling by herself.
She's happy when she's with him.
She's happy with her car.
She's happy with her new bicycle.
She's happy with her new car.
She's happy with her new guitar.
She's happy with her new job.
She's happy with it, isn't she?
She's happy, isn't she?
She's happy.
She's hard at it now.
She's hard at it.
She's hard of hearing, isn't she?
She's hard on herself.
She's hard on him.
She's hard to impress, isn't she?
She's hard to impress.
She's hard to live with, isn't she?
She's hard to please, isn't she?
She's hard to please.
She's hard to reach, isn't she?
She's hard to talk to, isn't she?
She's hardly ever home.
She's hardworking and dependable.
She's hardworking, isn't she?
She's hardworking.
She's hated him as long as I can remember.
She's hated him for as long as I can remember.
She's hated.
She's having a baby.
She's having a bath at the minute.
She's having a bath at the mo.
She's having a bath at the moment.
She's having a good time, isn't she?
She's having a kip.
She's having a lot of fun, isn't she?
She's having a party, isn't she?
She's having a rough week, isn't she?
She's having an affair with her boss.
She's having an affair.
She's having contractions. How dilated is her cervix?
She's having fun now, isn't she?
She's having fun, isn't she?
She's having suicidal thoughts.
She's having tea with her scone.
She's having the time of her life.
She's headed for Boston, isn't she?
She's headed this way, isn't she?
She's heading to the store.
She's healthy and fit.
She's healthy, isn't she?
She's healthy.
She's heaps better today.
She's heartbroken, isn't she?
She's heated the milk.
She's heating the water.
She's hedging.
She's heedless of the judgement of others.
She's helpful, isn't she?
She's helping Skura.
She's helping her father.
She's helping him carry in his suitcases.
She's helping him decorate for his party.
She's helping him do his homework.
She's helping him get ready for his trip.
She's helping him with his homework.
She's helping him with his research.
She's helping me a lot.
She's helping me.
She's her current wife.
She's her daughter.
She's her father's pride.
She's her name, I think.
She's her own best ally.
She's her own boss.
She's her own worst enemy.
She's her sister-in-law.
She's her socks on inside out.
She's her sweater on inside out.
She's here because of me, isn't she?
She's here every day, isn't she?
She's here for a computer.
She's here for an interview.
She's here for good.
She's here for her Kabyle dress.
She's here for me.
She's here for sure.
She's here in Boston, isn't she?
She's here in front of me.
She's here since five o'clock.
She's here somewhere.
She's here to help us, isn't she?
She's here to help, isn't she?
She's here to promote her new book.
She's here to protect you.
She's here to spy on us.
She's here to stay, isn't she?
She's here, isn't she?
She's here.
She's herself again.
She's hesitating.
She's hiding from him.
She's hiding in the closet, isn't she?
She's hiding in the closet.
She's hiding something from me.
She's hiding something from us.
She's hiding something from you.
She's hiding something.
She's hiding something. I know it!
She's hiding the truth from us.
She's hiding under the table.
She's hiding, isn't she?
She's hiding.
She's high, isn't she?
She's highly influenced by current trends.
She's highly intelligent.
She's highly sensitive.
She's hiking.
She's hired herself a good lawyer.
She's hired him.
She's his age.
She's his agent.
She's his aunt.
She's his boss.
She's his cousin, not his sister.
She's his cousin.
She's his current wife.
She's his daughter from his first marriage.
She's his ex.
She's his friend.
She's his gardener.
She's his hero.
She's his manager.
She's his mentor.
She's his mother.
She's his neighbor.
She's his partner.
She's his sister, not his girlfriend.
She's his sister, not his mother.
She's his sister.
She's his teacher.
She's his trainer.
She's his type.
She's his wife, not his daughter.
She's holding a baby in her arms.
She's holding a cat. The cat is white.
She's holding a flower in her hand.
She's holding a package in her hand.
She's holding her hat in her hand.
She's holding my hand and smiling sweetly.
She's holed up in her house and doesn't want to go out.
She's home, isn't she?
She's home.
She's homeless.
She's homesick, isn't she?
She's honest enough, but can you really trust her?
She's honest, isn't she?
She's honest.
She's honking her horn.
She's hooked on Farmville.
She's hopelessly in love.
She's hoping she can help him.
She's hoping they'll hire her.
She's hoping to do that, isn't she?
She's hoping we'll do that for her.
She's hoping we'll do that with her.
She's hoping we'll do that, isn't she?
She's hoping you'll help her.
She's horrified.
She's hot on our trail.
She's hot.
She's huge, isn't she?
She's hung over, isn't she?
She's hung some new curtains today.
She's hungry again, isn't she?
She's hungry and thirsty.
She's hungry for knowledge.
She's hungry, isn't she?
She's hungry, too, isn't she?
She's hungry.
She's hurt.
She's hyperactive.
She's ignorant of the world.
She's ignoring me, isn't she?
She's ignoring me.
She's ill, so she didn't go to school.
She's ill, which is why she hasn't gone to school.
She's illiterate, isn't she?
She's immune, isn't she?
She's impatient to do that, isn't she?
She's impatient to see her family.
She's impatient, isn't she?
She's impatient.
She's impossible to satisfy.
She's impulsive, isn't she?
She's in Australia, isn't she?
She's in Boston already, isn't she?
She's in Boston and so is he.
She's in Boston now, isn't she?
She's in Boston right now, isn't she?
She's in Boston this week, isn't she?
She's in Boston, isn't she?
She's in Boston.
She's in ICU now.
She's in Kabylie with her husband.
She's in Kabylie.
She's in Mallorca, sunbathing on the beach.
She's in Paris.
She's in Scotland.
She's in a bad mood now, isn't she?
She's in a bad mood today, isn't she?
She's in a bad mood, isn't she?
She's in a bad mood.
She's in a bad way.
She's in a big hurry, isn't she?
She's in a coma on life support.
She's in a deep sleep.
She's in a depression.
She's in a fairly bad mood now.
She's in a good mood today, isn't she?
She's in a good mood today.
She's in a good mood, isn't she?
She's in a good mood.
She's in a green dress.
She's in a huff.
She's in a hurry to go home.
She's in a hurry, isn't she?
She's in a lot of pain because of her period.
She's in a lot of trouble, isn't she?
She's in a meeting right now.
She's in a meeting, isn't she?
She's in a pickle.
She's in a really good mood.
She's in a state of shock.
She's in a very good mood, isn't she?
She's in a very good mood.
She's in bad shape, isn't she?
She's in bad shape.
She's in bed reading, isn't she?
She's in bed with a fever.
She's in bed, isn't she?
She's in big trouble, isn't she?
She's in big trouble.
She's in boarding school in Florence.
She's in charge again.
She's in charge now, isn't she?
She's in college now, isn't she?
She's in college, isn't she?
She's in consultation with the doctor right now.
She's in contact with all the high schools.
She's in critical condition.
She's in custody.
She's in danger, isn't she?
She's in danger.
She's in debt.
She's in desperate need of a soulmate.
She's in desperate need of money.
She's in dire straits.
She's in fantastic shape.
She's in for a shock.
She's in front of me.
She's in front of you.
She's in good health for someone her age.
She's in good health, isn't she?
She's in good physical condition.
She's in good shape, isn't she?
She's in grave danger.
She's in her bedroom, isn't she?
She's in her bedroom, sound asleep.
She's in her bedroom.
She's in her car waiting for him.
She's in her car, isn't she?
She's in her car.
She's in her dressing room.
She's in her early thirties.
She's in her early twenties.
She's in her eighties and she still lives in Kabylie alone.
She's in her first year at college.
She's in her fourth month.
She's in her house.
She's in her late teens.
She's in her late thirties.
She's in her mid-thirties.
She's in her office at her desk.
She's in her office on the phone.
She's in her office waiting.
She's in her office working late.
She's in her office, isn't she?
She's in her office, working.
She's in her office.
She's in her pajamas.
She's in her prime.
She's in her room by herself.
She's in her room now, isn't she?
She's in her room now.
She's in her room packing right now.
She's in her room sleeping.
She's in her room studying French.
She's in her room, changing clothes.
She's in her room, isn't she?
She's in her room, studying Berber.
She's in her room.
She's in her seat, isn't she?
She's in her seat.
She's in her seventh month.
She's in her tent, isn't she?
She's in her tent.
She's in her third year, isn't she?
She's in her third year.
She's in her thirties, isn't she?
She's in her thirties.
She's in here.
She's in high school, but her boyfriend is in college.
She's in high school.
She's in his bed.
She's in his good books.
She's in his room.
She's in ill health.
She's in jail now, isn't she?
She's in jail, isn't she?
She's in jail.
She's in labor.
She's in love with a man who loves her.
She's in love with another man.
She's in love with another woman.
She's in love with her best friend.
She's in love with me.
She's in love with you.
She's in love, isn't she?
She's in love.
She's in my Berber class.
She's in my class.
She's in no hurry to sell her car.
She's in over her head.
She's in pain, isn't she?
She's in pain.
She's in prison now, isn't she?
She's in prison now.
She's in prison.
She's in real trouble, isn't she?
She's in serious trouble, isn't she?
She's in serious trouble.
She's in shock and have bruises all over her.
She's in the National Theatre Company.
She's in the attic, isn't she?
She's in the audience, isn't she?
She's in the basement, isn't she?
She's in the basement.
She's in the bath at the mo.
She's in the bath at the moment.
She's in the bath.
She's in the bathroom now, isn't she?
She's in the bathroom, isn't she?
She's in the bathroom.
She's in the boudoir.
She's in the bunker.
She's in the forest.
She's in the garage, isn't she?
She's in the garden planting roses.
She's in the garden, cleaning her bike.
She's in the garden, isn't she?
She's in the garden.
She's in the greenhouse, isn't she?
She's in the habit of keeping old letters.
She's in the hallway.
She's in the hospital now.
She's in the hospital, isn't she?
She's in the house.
She's in the khazi.
She's in the kitchen right now.
She's in the kitchen, isn't she?
She's in the kitchen.
She's in the least worried.
She's in the library all day long.
She's in the library morning, noon and night.
She's in the library, isn't she?
She's in the library.
She's in the living room.
She's in the loo.
She's in the mood for dancing.
She's in the mountains.
She's in the park, isn't she?
She's in the pocket of big corporations.
She's in the prime of her life.
She's in the prime of life.
She's in the restroom.
She's in the room, isn't she?
She's in the second stage of labor.
She's in the shower, isn't she?
She's in the shower.
She's in the stadium.
She's in the swimming pool.
She's in the third grade, isn't she?
She's in the toilet.
She's in the waiting room, isn't she?
She's in the well.
She's in the woods.
She's in the wrong.
She's in the yard.
She's in total denial about her husband's philandering.
She's in trouble because she saw something that she shouldn't have.
She's in trouble now, isn't she?
She's in trouble!
She's in trouble, isn't she?
She's in trouble.
She's in your class, isn't she?
She's in, isn't she?
She's in.
She's incompetent, isn't she?
She's incompetent.
She's incorrect, isn't she?
She's incredibly pretty.
She's incredibly talented.
She's indebted to you.
She's indeed beautiful, but selfish.
She's independent and can take care of herself.
She's independent, isn't she?
She's indifferent to me.
She's indifferent.
She's infected.
She's inflexible.
She's influential, isn't she?
She's injured herself.
She's injured.
She's innocent.
She's inquisitive by nature.
She's insane, isn't she?
She's insatiable.
She's insecure and has low self esteem.
She's insecure.
She's inside the school.
She's inside, isn't she?
She's insufferable.
She's intelligent and charming.
She's intelligent and cute.
She's intelligent and good-looking.
She's intelligent and sexy.
She's intelligent and sophisticated.
She's intelligent, isn't she?
She's intelligent, she's beautiful, and she does her job very well.
She's intelligent.
She's intent on going to New York to study fashion.
She's interested in Islamic fashion wear.
She's interested in Islamic fashion.
She's interested in ancient Mayan prophecies.
She's interested in fashion.
She's interested in him.
She's interested in mountaineering.
She's interested in music, isn't she?
She's interested in politics.
She's interested in that.
She's interested in you.
She's interested.
She's interesting, isn't she?
She's interfering, isn't she?
She's intimidating.
She's into bad boys.
She's into bukkake.
She's into gaming.
She's intoxicated, isn't she?
She's invited to France.
She's invited, isn't she?
She's invited, too, isn't she?
She's involved in adult entertainment.
She's ironing your Kabyle dress.
She's irreplaceable, isn't she?
She's irritated, isn't she?
She's isn't disappointed.
She's itching to dance.
She's jealous and irrational.
She's jealous and possessive.
She's jealous of me, isn't she?
She's jealous of our happiness.
She's jealous, isn't she?
She's jealous.
She's jeopardizing her career.
She's job hunting.
She's jogging today.
She's joining our sorority.
She's joking, isn't she?
She's joking.
She's jumping with joy.
She's just a babe in the woods.
She's just a beginner, isn't she?
She's just a bit nauseous.
She's just a child.
She's just a crazy woman.
She's just a friend.
She's just a friend. I don't want to talk about it.
She's just a liar.
She's just a little shy.
She's just a regular model.
She's just a shameless flirt.
She's just a wallflower.
She's just about finished, isn't she?
She's just about your age, isn't she?
She's just acting disappointed.
She's just an actress.
She's just an average girl.
She's just arrived.
She's just as cute as the dickens!
She's just as old as he is.
She's just been to the post office to pick her parcel up.
She's just been to the post office to pick up her parcel.
She's just being cautious, isn't she?
She's just being herself.
She's just being petty, isn't she?
She's just being polite, isn't she?
She's just being practical, isn't she?
She's just being prudent, isn't she?
She's just being snobbish.
She's just being stubborn, isn't she?
She's just come back from the toilet.
She's just confessed to killing him.
She's just dating him to make you jealous.
She's just doing her duty.
She's just doing her job.
She's just doing what she's told to do.
She's just evil.
She's just finished her report.
She's just finished writing a letter to him.
She's just found her.
She's just found him.
She's just found it.
She's just found them.
She's just going through a phase.
She's just gone inside.
She's just got here.
She's just grumbling.
She's just had her teeth cleaned.
She's just having a look.
She's just having a moan.
She's just jealous of your youth.
She's just jealous.
She's just left.
She's just like her brother.
She's just like her father.
She's just like her sister.
She's just like us.
She's just like you.
She's just missed the train.
She's just moaning.
She's just my friend.
She's just my type.
She's just not good at dancing.
She's just not the person I thought she was.
She's just pretending to be insensitive.
She's just pretending to be your friend.
She's just pretending to sleep; that's why she's not snoring.
She's just proposed to him.
She's just putting up a front.
She's just skipped French class.
She's just so fake.
She's just spotted him.
She's just stalling, isn't she?
She's just started for your house.
She's just started her lunch.
She's just taking care of herself.
She's just talking to herself.
She's just telephoned.
She's just the girl next door.
She's just thinking of herself.
She's just told me her plans.
She's just trying to get attention.
She's just trying to manipulate you.
She's just wasting time, isn't she?
She's just worried about him.
She's keeping her fingers crossed.
She's keeping her promise.
She's killing me.
She's kind at heart.
She's kind by nature.
She's kind of beautiful, isn't she?
She's kind of busy today, isn't she?
She's kind of busy, isn't she?
She's kind of famous, isn't she?
She's kind of fat, isn't she?
She's kind of late, isn't she?
She's kind of lazy, isn't she?
She's kind of needy, isn't she?
She's kind of old, isn't she?
She's kind of pretty.
She's kind of shy, isn't she?
She's kind of shy.
She's kind of standoffish, isn't she?
She's kind of strange, isn't she?
She's kind of weird, isn't she?
She's kind to everybody, isn't she?
She's kind to everyone, isn't she?
She's kind, isn't she?
She's knitted her an angora jumper.
She's knitting a hat.
She's knitting a jumper for her boyfriend.
She's knitting a jumper for her fiancé.
She's knitting her boyfriend a jumper.
She's knitting her fiancé a jumper.
She's knowledgable about ethnology.
She's known better days.
She's known for her friendly smile.
She's known for her sense of humor.
She's lacking practice.
She's lactose intolerant.
She's laid back.
She's late again.
She's late, isn't she?
She's late.
She's laughing.
She's lavish with her money.
She's laying the book on the table.
She's lazy, isn't she?
She's lazy.
She's leading a happy life with her husband near the sea in Kamakura.
She's leading by two meters.
She's learned a lot about Boston from him.
She's learned from her mistakes.
She's learning Arabic.
She's learning Berber with relative ease.
She's learning Berber.
She's learning Chinese, too.
She's learning Dutch.
She's learning Esperanto.
She's learning French, isn't she?
She's learning German.
She's learning Hungarian.
She's learning how to defend herself.
She's learning to do that, isn't she?
She's learning to drive.
She's learning to swim.
She's leaving at 2:30, isn't she?
She's leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
She's leaving next year, isn't she?
She's leaving right away, isn't she?
She's leaving soon, isn't she?
She's leaving the country in six months.
She's leaving, isn't she?
She's leaving.
She's left me.
She's left-handed, isn't she?
She's legally blind, isn't she?
She's lent me her bicycle.
She's less active than her brother.
She's let herself go.
She's liable to do that, isn't she?
She's lied about her age.
She's lightning-fast.
She's like a dove of peace.
She's like a kid herself sometimes.
She's like a sister to me.
She's like a tigress.
She's like an angel.
She's like her brother.
She's like her father, isn't she?
She's like her father.
She's like her grandfather.
She's like her mum.
She's like my own daughter.
She's liked by her friends.
She's likely to be alone, isn't she?
She's likely to be awake, isn't she?
She's likely to be busy, isn't she?
She's likely to be early, isn't she?
She's likely to be home, isn't she?
She's likely to come, isn't she?
She's likely to cry, isn't she?
She's likely to do that by herself.
She's likely to do that, isn't she?
She's likely to forget her promise.
She's likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She's likely to wait, isn't she?
She's likely to win the prize.
She's likely to win, isn't she?
She's listened to lofi all day.
She's listening now, isn't she?
She's listening to music.
She's listening, isn't she?
She's listening.
She's little, but she's knowledgeable about everything.
She's lived by herself for three years.
She's lived her whole life in this city.
She's lived here all her life.
She's lived here her entire life.
She's lived here her whole life.
She's lived independently since she turned 18.
She's lived independently since she was 18.
She's lived there all her life.
She's living a healthy and constructive romance.
She's living alone, isn't she?
She's living by herself now.
She's living by herself, isn't she?
She's living by herself.
She's living comfortably.
She's living her dream.
She's living here now, isn't she?
She's living in Boston now, isn't she?
She's living in Kabylie, Algeria.
She's living with her family.
She's living with her parents.
She's living with her uncle now.
She's loaded.
She's loading the car, isn't she?
She's located him.
She's locked herself in her bedroom.
She's locked herself in her room.
She's locked herself in his bedroom.
She's locked herself in the bathroom.
She's locked herself out of her house.
She's locked herself out of her office.
She's lonely and unhappy.
She's lonely, isn't she?
She's looking at herself in the mirror.
She's looking at it, isn't she?
She's looking at me, isn't she?
She's looking at me.
She's looking at them.
She's looking at us now, isn't she?
She's looking at us, isn't she?
She's looking at us.
She's looking at you.
She's looking but she doesn't see anything.
She's looking for a better job.
She's looking for a book.
She's looking for a friend of hers.
She's looking for a gift for Mom.
She's looking for a greetings card.
She's looking for a hotel.
She's looking for a job, isn't she?
She's looking for a long wooden spoon.
She's looking for a necklace to wear with her Kabyle dress.
She's looking for a place to live.
She's looking for a single room.
She's looking for an apartment.
She's looking for better paying jobs.
She's looking for her camera.
She's looking for her car keys.
She's looking for her car.
She's looking for her cat.
She's looking for her dog, isn't she?
She's looking for her dog.
She's looking for her glasses.
She's looking for her keys.
She's looking for her parents.
She's looking for her passport.
She's looking for her son.
She's looking for investors to bankroll her idea.
She's looking for my book.
She's looking for my car.
She's looking for our car.
She's looking for work.
She's looking for you.
She's looking fresh.
She's looking good today.
She's looking into that, isn't she?
She's looking the other way.
She's looking very pleased with herself.
She's looking well today.
She's looking.
She's looks fabulous in her Kabyle dress and Islamic headscarf.
She's losing her looks.
She's losing her patience.
She's losing, isn't she?
She's losing.
She's lost a lot of weight since she went on a diet.
She's lost both of her parents.
She's lost her car key.
She's lost her car keys.
She's lost her job and her house.
She's lost her mind.
She's lost her motivation to work.
She's lost her new umbrella.
She's lost her touch.
She's lost her umbrella again.
She's lost her wallet.
She's lost her watch.
She's lost interest in him.
She's lost sight in her left eye.
She's lost the plot.
She's lost touch with him.
She's lost touch with reality.
She's lost, isn't she?
She's lost, that's why she's crying.
She's loud, isn't she?
She's loved by everyone.
She's loved by her friends.
She's lovely in a Kabyle dress.
She's loyal, isn't she?
She's lucky no one saw her do that.
She's lucky nobody saw her do that.
She's lucky she didn't get shot.
She's lucky that we helped her.
She's lucky to be alive, isn't she?
She's lucky to be alive.
She's lucky to have him.
She's lucky, isn't she?
She's lucky.
She's lying about her age.
She's lying again, isn't she?
She's lying in bed with a fever.
She's lying in the shade.
She's lying on the floor.
She's lying through her teeth.
She's lying to Mom.
She's lying!
She's lying, isn't she?
She's lying.
She's mad about him.
She's mad at everyone.
She's mad at herself.
She's mad at me, isn't she?
She's mad at us, isn't she?
She's mad at you for lying to her.
She's mad, isn't she?
She's made an appointment with her dentist to have her teeth scraped and polished.
She's made her decision.
She's made her feelings clear.
She's made her intentions clear.
She's made her position clear.
She's made her share of mistakes.
She's made shrimp dumplings and added shiitakes with Sichuan pepper.
She's made some biscuits.
She's made the same mistake again.
She's made up her mind already.
She's made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it.
She's made up her mind to quit the company.
She's madly in love with her.
She's madly in love with him.
She's maintained her innocence.
She's majoring in French, isn't she?
She's majoring in art, isn't she?
She's majoring in biology, isn't she?
She's majoring in economics.
She's majoring in physics, isn't she?
She's making a big mistake, isn't she?
She's making a big mistake.
She's making a fool of herself.
She's making a huge mistake.
She's making a list, isn't she?
She's making a quick recovery.
She's making a sandcastle.
She's making breakfast.
She's making coffee, isn't she?
She's making dinner for me.
She's making dinner, isn't she?
She's making fun of you.
She's making her bed.
She's making her way home.
She's making herself a sandwich.
She's making herself something to eat.
She's making his life difficult.
She's making life difficult for him.
She's making lunch, isn't she?
She's making money hand over fist with the business she started.
She's making money hand over fist.
She's making money, too.
She's making parsley tea.
She's making progress every day.
She's making progress in cooking.
She's making progress, isn't she?
She's making progress.
She's making sandwiches, isn't she?
She's making the whole village laugh!
She's managing all right on her own.
She's manipulative.
She's married and has a child.
She's married and has two daughters.
She's married and settled down now.
She's married now, isn't she?
She's married to Jamal.
She's married to a cousin of mine.
She's married to a dentist.
She's married to a foreigner.
She's married to a misogynist.
She's married to an Algerian man.
She's married to her career.
She's married to her company.
She's married to her job.
She's married, isn't she?
She's married.
She's materialistic and shallow.
She's materialistic and vain.
She's mature and full of life experience.
She's mature enough to bear a child.
She's maxed out all her credit cards.
She's mean all the time.
She's mean to everybody, isn't she?
She's mean to everyone, isn't she?
She's mean, isn't she?
She's meant to practice the piano for two hours.
She's meditating.
She's meeting her cousin tomorrow.
She's meeting her friend.
She's meeting her girlfriend.
She's mended the broken table.
She's mentally ill.
She's mentally unstable and probably a killer.
She's met him.
She's mine.
She's minging.
She's misjudged him.
She's missed the boat.
She's missing a hand; she's one-handed.
She's missing her right shoe.
She's missing most of her teeth.
She's mistaken, isn't she?
She's modest, isn't she?
She's modest.
She's moody, isn't she?
She's mopping the floor, isn't she?
She's more a dilettante than a committed professional.
She's more active.
She's more beautiful than any other woman.
She's more beautiful than me.
She's more experienced than I am.
She's more experienced than me.
She's more famous than he is.
She's more famous than her brother.
She's more famous than him.
She's more or less my age.
She's more popular than me on Facebook.
She's more popular than me.
She's more powerful than you.
She's more rickety than she appears.
She's more technical, but gets bored easily.
She's more wise than clever.
She's most happy when she's at home.
She's motivated to do that, isn't she?
She's motivated, isn't she?
She's motivated.
She's moved back home to her village.
She's moved closer to him.
She's moving away, isn't she?
She's moving her head in time with the music.
She's moving in with her girlfriend.
She's moving into a new place tomorrow.
She's moving to England.
She's moving, isn't she?
She's moving.
She's much better now, isn't she?
She's much better today than yesterday.
She's much better today, isn't she?
She's much better today.
She's much better, thanks for asking.
She's much faster than me, isn't she?
She's much happier than him.
She's much heavier than him.
She's much older than me, isn't she?
She's much older than she says she is.
She's much shorter than me, isn't she?
She's much taller than I am.
She's much taller than her mother.
She's much taller than me, isn't she?
She's much taller than me.
She's much taller than you, isn't she?
She's much younger than him.
She's multilingual.
She's mumbling.
She's mute.
She's muttering something.
She's muttering to herself.
She's my age, isn't she?
She's my age.
She's my best friend and we do everything together.
She's my best friend.
She's my bosom friend.
She's my brother's wife. She's my sister-in-law.
She's my chief assistant.
She's my childhood friend.
She's my classmate.
She's my cousin.
She's my daughter's best friend.
She's my daughter's daughter. She's my granddaughter.
She's my daughter, but she's yours too.
She's my daughter.
She's my doctor.
She's my doppelgänger.
She's my dream girl.
She's my enemy.
She's my ex's ex.
She's my father's sister, so that makes her my aunt.
She's my father's sister, so that means she's my aunt.
She's my favorite character.
She's my favorite singer.
She's my first love.
She's my friend.
She's my friend. Do you know her?
She's my girlfriend and I'll marry her one day.
She's my girlfriend now.
She's my girlfriend.
She's my goddaughter.
She's my godmother.
She's my grandma.
She's my great-grandmother.
She's my guardian angel.
She's my half-sister, but I call her my sister.
She's my half-sister.
She's my hope.
She's my joy.
She's my latest sex object.
She's my leader.
She's my mother.
She's my neighbor, didn't you know?
She's my neighbour.
She's my older sister.
She's my oldest friend. I've known her since kindergarten.
She's my oldest friend. I've known her since nursery school.
She's my oldest friend. I've known her since playschool.
She's my only real friend.
She's my partner.
She's my professor.
She's my rival.
She's my sister's friend.
She's my sister-in-law.
She's my sister.
She's my son's daughter. She's my granddaughter.
She's my stepdaughter, Mary.
She's my stepmother, not my mother.
She's my stepmother.
She's my student.
She's my true love.
She's my type.
She's my wife's friend.
She's my wife.
She's my younger sister, but she doesn't look like me at all.
She's my youngest sibling.
She's naive, isn't she?
She's naked.
She's narrow-minded, isn't she?
She's narrow-minded.
She's nasty and mean.
She's nasty, isn't she?
She's nearby, isn't she?
She's nearby.
She's nearly finished, isn't she?
She's neat, isn't she?
She's needy, isn't she?
She's needy.
She's neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She's neither rich nor famous.
She's nervous about her concert.
She's nervous and excited.
She's nervous, isn't she?
She's never asked for a favour from anyone.
She's never at the office in the morning.
She's never been in love before.
She's never been married to him.
She's never been sick in her life.
She's never danced with him.
She's never even tried to kiss him.
She's never fallen in love.
She's never gone on a date with him.
She's never had a boyfriend.
She's never in a hurry.
She's never joked about our relationship, but has talked about it to me in a serious manner.
She's never kept a promise.
She's never kissed him.
She's never late for school.
She's never late, is she?
She's never let me drive her car.
She's never liked him.
She's never met him.
She's never played guitar with him.
She's never played tennis with him.
She's never said that, maybe you're mistaken.
She's never satisfied.
She's never seen him.
She's never spoken to him.
She's never sung with him.
She's never told me how she met him.
She's never voted in her life.
She's never washed her car.
She's never worked with him.
She's never written a letter to him.
She's never wrong.
She's never yelled at him.
She's new fish in the pond.
She's new here, isn't she?
She's new here. Please show her around.
She's new in town as of this semester.
She's new in town, isn't she?
She's new in town.
She's new, isn't she?
She's next, isn't she?
She's nice and open to conversation.
She's nice to me.
She's nice, isn't she?
She's nice.
She's no different from them. She's just trying to play the good cop.
She's no fool.
She's no hero.
She's no heroine.
She's no longer a greenhorn.
She's no longer a supporter of the communist regime.
She's no longer alone.
She's no longer distinguishable there in the distance.
She's no longer interested in me.
She's no longer seen.
She's no longer the cheerful woman she once was.
She's no longer welcome.
She's no longer worried.
She's no saint.
She's no shrinking violet.
She's no singer.
She's no spring chicken.
She's no spring chicken. She's at least thirty.
She's normal, isn't she?
She's nosey, isn't she?
She's nosy, isn't she?
She's not Amish. She's Muslim.
She's not Carmen, she's Anna.
She's not German, but Austrian.
She's not Jewish. She's Muslim.
She's not South Korean.
She's not a bad girl.
She's not a child anymore.
She's not a child.
She's not a criminal.
She's not a director.
She's not a doctor.
She's not a feminist.
She's not a full-time employee of this company.
She's not a girl.
She's not a good cook.
She's not a good person.
She's not a hero.
She's not a liar.
She's not a maniac.
She's not a member.
She's not a prodigy whatsoever.
She's not a prostitute.
She's not a regular employee of this company.
She's not a saint, you know.
She's not a thief.
She's not a virgin anymore.
She's not a virgin.
She's not admitting her mistake.
She's not afraid of anything.
She's not afraid of her.
She's not afraid of political correctness.
She's not afraid to die.
She's not all that gorgeous.
She's not allowed in.
She's not allowed to wear that dress.
She's not allowed to work longer than six hours.
She's not allowed to work more than six hours.
She's not alone any more.
She's not alone.
She's not always hungry.
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
She's not angry.
She's not answering the phone either.
She's not answering the phone.
She's not answering.
She's not as beautiful as her mother.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
She's not as beautiful as her younger sister, but she's smarter than her.
She's not as good as she thinks.
She's not as innocent as she seems.
She's not as old as Mary.
She's not as patient as you.
She's not as pretty as I am.
She's not as pretty as her mother.
She's not as pretty as she thinks she is.
She's not as short as I am.
She's not as shy as she used to be.
She's not as tall as he is.
She's not as tall as him.
She's not as you imagine her to be.
She's not as you imagine her.
She's not as you imagine.
She's not at all interested in such things.
She's not at all worried.
She's not at home now.
She's not at home.
She's not available.
She's not bad at drawing.
She's not bad.
She's not been here for a while.
She's not breaking the law.
She's not breathing!
She's not breathing.
She's not busy.
She's not choosy.
She's not cold.
She's not coming back.
She's not coming on the trip because her parents won't let her.
She's not coming until later.
She's not coming.
She's not confident about the future.
She's not confident.
She's not dead.
She's not disappointed.
She's not dumber than you.
She's not easy to impress.
She's not entirely incorrigible.
She's not even a math teacher.
She's not even a teacher.
She's not even really pretty.
She's not even that good looking.
She's not faking it.
She's not fat – she's just a little plump.
She's not fat.
She's not feeling well.
She's not from here. She was born abroad.
She's not from here. She was born in another country.
She's not from here. She was born out of country.
She's not getting better.
She's not going anywhere.
She's not going to accompany the children to school.
She's not going to be able to work.
She's not going to buy any bread.
She's not going to make it.
She's not going to recover.
She's not going to reveal her real age.
She's not going to take the children to school.
She's not going.
She's not greedy.
She's not half attractive.
She's not happy.
She's not here any more.
She's not here for the purpose of defending herself against these accusations.
She's not here right now.
She's not here to defend herself against these accusations.
She's not here yet.
She's not here.
She's not here; she's gone to the doctor's.
She's not herself.
She's not his girlfriend?
She's not his sister, but his mother.
She's not his wife. She's his daughter.
She's not hoarse. Her voice is always like that.
She's not hoarse; her voice is always like that.
She's not home.
She's not how you imagine her.
She's not how you think she is.
She's not human.
She's not hungry first thing in the morning, so she always eats at about 10 o'clock.
She's not ignoring me; she's shy.
She's not improving.
She's not in China.
She's not in a very good mood.
She's not in the habit of showing her feelings.
She's not in the least worried.
She's not in the mood.
She's not in yet.
She's not in your life anymore.
She's not in.
She's not interested in her English lessons.
She's not interested.
She's not into the LA scene.
She's not invited to parties.
She's not joking.
She's not just friendly but also generous.
She's not just kind; she's honest as well.
She's not leaving until her debt has been paid.
She's not like Mary!
She's not like me.
She's not like other girls.
She's not like us.
She's not like you.
She's not listening to me!
She's not lonely any more.
She's not lying.
She's not mad at you.
She's not making it easy for herself.
She's not more beautiful than her mother.
She's not more beautiful than their mother.
She's not moving an inch.
She's not much younger than me.
She's not my daughter. She's my stepdaughter.
She's not my friend.
She's not my friend. I hate her.
She's not my girlfriend, or anything.
She's not my girlfriend, or anything. She's just a friend.
She's not my girlfriend.
She's not my girlfriend. She's just my friend.
She's not my girlfriend. She's my sister.
She's not my grandma; she's my mom.
She's not my grandmother. She's my mother.
She's not my sister, she's my wife.
She's not my sister.
She's not my sister. She's my wife.
She's not my type.
She's not my wife.
She's not of this world.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
She's not old enough to get a driving licence.
She's not old enough to have a driver's license.
She's not one of us.
She's not one to lie.
She's not only beautiful, but also smart.
She's not paying any attention to me.
She's not penniless.
She's not perfect.
She's not photogenic.
She's not picky.
She's not poor.
She's not pregnant.
She's not prettier than her mother.
She's not putting in any effort.
She's not reaching the necessary level.
She's not ready to answer yet.
She's not ready.
She's not really a good teacher.
She's not really a woman... she's a man.
She's not really my type.
She's not renowned for her emotional intelligence.
She's not responding.
She's not responsible for this.
She's not selfish.
She's not sick.
She's not sincere.
She's not sleepy.
She's not sluttier than Skura.
She's not smart.
She's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
She's not special.
She's not staying the night.
She's not stronger than me.
She's not studying music.
She's not stupid.
She's not supposed to be here.
She's not sure he wants to do this.
She's not sure she wants to do this.
She's not sure she's ready.
She's not sure what to say to this.
She's not sure.
She's not talkative.
She's not that pretty.
She's not that stupid.
She's not the brightest girl in the world.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
She's not the least bit worried.
She's not the lying type.
She's not the marrying type.
She's not the one we're looking for.
She's not the only beautiful girl in the office.
She's not the right girl for you.
She's not the same age as Mary.
She's not the way you think she is.
She's not the woman she was before she got married.
She's not thinking straight.
She's not thirsty.
She's not to blame.
She's not ugly.
She's not very athletic.
She's not very good at it.
She's not very good at singing.
She's not very good at the game of politics.
She's not very well off.
She's not waiting for me.
She's not watching TV now.
She's not well.
She's not what she seems.
She's not what you think she is.
She's not working for free.
She's not worried any more.
She's not worried in the slightest.
She's not worth your trouble.
She's not yet heard the news.
She's not young, is she?
She's not your enemy.
She's not your husband's mistress.
She's nothing but trouble.
She's nothing special.
She's now a college student.
She's now a figure of the past.
She's now a teacher, isn't she?
She's now able to do that by herself.
She's now as tall as her mother.
She's now at home with her family.
She's now doing fine, isn't she?
She's now doing that, isn't she?
She's now home with her family.
She's now in Boston, isn't she?
She's now in her prime.
She's now in jail, isn't she?
She's now in prison, isn't she?
She's now in trouble, isn't she?
She's now legally blind, isn't she?
She's now living by herself.
She's now living in Boston, isn't she?
She's now married, isn't she?
She's now older and wiser.
She's now on duty, isn't she?
She's now on her own, isn't she?
She's now on her own.
She's now on holiday.
She's now on vacation, isn't she?
She's now out of danger, isn't she?
She's now retired, isn't she?
She's now straightening up her room.
She's now studying in her room.
She's now taller than her mother.
She's now the manager, isn't she?
She's now truly on her own.
She's nowhere to be found.
She's nuts, isn't she?
She's nuts.
She's obedient, isn't she?
She's obese, isn't she?
She's obliged to do that, isn't she?
She's obnoxious, isn't she?
She's observant, isn't she?
She's obsessed about her appearance.
She's obsessed about her grades.
She's obsessed with France.
She's obsessed with Kabyle dresses.
She's obsessed with books.
She's obsessed with the Berber language.
She's obsessed with the Harry Potter books.
She's obsessed.
She's obsessive, isn't she?
She's obstinate, isn't she?
She's obviously crazy about him.
She's obviously drunk.
She's obviously enjoying herself.
She's obviously exaggerating.
She's obviously in pain.
She's obviously infatuated with him.
She's obviously infatuated with you.
She's obviously lying!
She's obviously prettier than me.
