Layla was my mother.
Layla was naive and she really didn't know the ways of the world.
Layla was nearly always with her best friend, Salima.
Layla was never hit by a man before.
Layla was never seen again.
Layla was never seen alive again.
Layla was nice and easy to talk to.
Layla was nice and polite.
Layla was nice to talk to.
Layla was not expecting to get pregnant.
Layla was not happy.
Layla was not in love with him.
Layla was not raped.
Layla was not sexy.
Layla was not shocked by the verdict.
Layla was not so lucky.
Layla was not that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla was nothing that she said she was.
Layla was nursing her baby every two hours.
Layla was nursing.
Layla was obsessed with fire.
Layla was obsessed with privacy.
Layla was obsessed with that wig.
Layla was offered a deal of six years in jail.
Layla was old enough to drink.
Layla was on an antidepressant.
Layla was on birth control.
Layla was on death row.
Layla was on drugs.
Layla was on her cellphone as she drove home.
Layla was on her first date with Sami.
Layla was on her knees, giving a BJ to Sami.
Layla was on her knees, giving a blow job to Sami.
Layla was on her way to work.
Layla was on the balcony.
Layla was on the floor, twerking her ass.
Layla was on the floor.
Layla was on the hunt for a man who could get her out of the house.
Layla was on the pavement, gasping for air.
Layla was on vacation in a remote part of central Australia.
Layla was one of Sami's female friends.
Layla was one of Sami's first victims.
Layla was one year behind Sami and Salima.
Layla was originally charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Not murder.
Layla was ostracized by society.
Layla was our family doctor.
Layla was out drinking late.
Layla was out of control.
Layla was out of options.
Layla was out on her porch, talking to a man.
Layla was out there with a gun.
Layla was overjoyed.
Layla was overly defensive.
Layla was panicking.
Layla was passing Sami's home.
Layla was paying for Sami's addiction to alcohol.
Layla was performing fellatio on Sami.
Layla was petite.
Layla was physically beautiful.
Layla was picked on and ridiculed at school.
Layla was placed under house arrest.
Layla was planning a girls' night without her boyfriend.
Layla was playing a very cunning game.
Layla was playing guitar on the balcony.
Layla was playing tennis.
Layla was playing with her hair.
Layla was playing with her tits.
Layla was pleading for her life.
Layla was poisoned with cyanide.
Layla was praying for a Muslim man.
Layla was praying.
Layla was pregnant and Sami knew he wasn't the father.
Layla was pregnant at the time with her second child.
Layla was pregnant by Sami.
Layla was pregnant with Sami's baby.
Layla was pregnant with Sami.
Layla was pregnant with triplets.
Layla was pregnant.
Layla was prepared to die.
Layla was preparing for an important event.
Layla was preparing to leave the state.
Layla was prettier than Salima.
Layla was prettier.
Layla was pretty as fuck.
Layla was pretty distraught.
Layla was pretty nervous.
Layla was pretty.
Layla was probably fourteen at the time.
Layla was pushed to the wall.
Layla was put away for 45 years.
Layla was put in jail for the rest of her life.
Layla was putting on her lipstick.
Layla was quite a loud mouth.
Layla was quite depressed for a while.
Layla was quite unhappy.
Layla was raised in a conservative community.
Layla was raised in a toxic environment.
Layla was raised in a very toxic environment.
Layla was raped at 13.
Layla was raped but she survived the attack.
Layla was raped by Sami.
Layla was ready for love again.
Layla was ready for the trip.
Layla was ready to fight for the cause.
Layla was ready to step out of her body for Sami.
Layla was really a witch.
Layla was really careful.
Layla was really different.
Layla was really excited about it.
Layla was really excited that day.
Layla was really excited.
Layla was really hurt by your comments.
Layla was really hurt.
Layla was really impressed.
Layla was really into makeup.
Layla was really jealous.
Layla was really protective of her man.
Layla was really sad.
Layla was really scared.
Layla was reapplying her lipstick.
Layla was recovering from heart surgery.
Layla was reeking of alcohol.
Layla was rejected by her family.
Layla was rejected by her mother.
Layla was released in 2007.
Layla was relieved and happy.
Layla was relieved that she wasn't pregnant.
Layla was reluctant to move back to Cairo.
Layla was right behind Sami.
Layla was robbing banks.
Layla was running a construction company.
Layla was running off with another man.
Layla was running out of time.
Layla was rushed to the delivery room.
Layla was savagely beaten that night.
Layla was savagely beaten.
Layla was savagely murdered.
Layla was savagely raped.
Layla was scared and I was scared, too.
Layla was scared to death.
Layla was scared to go in there.
Layla was screaming and hollering.
Layla was screaming and struggling.
Layla was screaming for attention.
Layla was screaming for help.
Layla was screaming.
Layla was searching for a way out.
Layla was secretly dating not one but two men.
Layla was secretly married to two different men.
Layla was secure with her boyfriend.
Layla was seduced.
Layla was seeing other men.
Layla was seen in a police car.
Layla was seen with bruises on her body.
Layla was selling gorgeous hijabs.
Layla was sentenced for life inside an Indiana women's prison.
Layla was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences.
Layla was seriously ill.
Layla was serving as a sergeant in the US armed forces.
Layla was sexually abused by Sami.
Layla was sexually abused by her own father.
Layla was sexually active with her father.
Layla was sexually assaulted by a drunk man.
Layla was shaking like a leaf.
Layla was shaving her legs in her room.
Layla was shielding her eyes.
Layla was shivering all the time.
Layla was shot and her diamonds disappeared.
Layla was shot but she survived.
Layla was shot by an unidentified attacker.
Layla was shot dead by an unknown assailant.
Layla was shot dead in her house.
Layla was shot in her chest.
Layla was shot in the head.
Layla was shot twice in the chest.
Layla was shot.
Layla was single and she had a child.
Layla was single for a lot of years.
Layla was single for so long.
Layla was sitting at a bus stop.
Layla was sitting on a timebomb.
Layla was six foot tall.
Layla was six months pregnant with Sami's child.
Layla was six months pregnant.
Layla was sixteen years old when she put on hijab.
Layla was skinny and pretty.
Layla was sleeping in her room.
Layla was sleeping with customers.
Layla was smashing her boobs together.
Layla was smoking a cigarette on the balcony.
Layla was so beautiful both inside and out.
Layla was so beautiful inside and out.
Layla was so beautiful.
Layla was so bitchy and opinionated.
Layla was so blonde.
Layla was so cute and so ugly at the same time.
Layla was so cute in her hijab.
Layla was so dark and pretty.
Layla was so determined to keep Fadil that she was ready to do anything for that.
Layla was so excited.
Layla was so gorgeous.
Layla was so happy that her mom was dating again.
Layla was so mad.
Layla was so obsessed with Sami.
Layla was so pretty.
Layla was so sad.
Layla was so scared.
Layla was so skinny that she seemed almost like a walking skeleton.
Layla was so tired of being home with the baby.
Layla was so unbelievably enticed with Sami.
Layla was so weak and thirsty.
Layla was so withdrawn and didn't socialize.
Layla was socially isolated by her parents, especially her mother.
Layla was socially isolated.
Layla was sold into slavery.
Layla was sorting through her makeup.
Layla was sound asleep in her room.
Layla was sound asleep.
Layla was stabbed four times on her chest.
Layla was stabbed multiple times.
Layla was stalked by death.
Layla was standing in the middle of the road.
Layla was standing right behind Sami.
Layla was standing there, holding a machete.
Layla was starting to feel the guilt.
Layla was starting to feel very dizzy.
Layla was staying at a hotel next door.
Layla was still a rookie.
Layla was still alive well after midnight.
Layla was still missing.
Layla was still nursing.
Layla was still recovering.
Layla was still straightening Salima's hair.
Layla was still unaware of the robbery.
Layla was still wearing her wedding ring.
Layla was stoned.
Layla was stripped of her innocence.
Layla was strong enough to swim across the river.
Layla was struggling more and more.
Layla was struggling with hijab.
Layla was stuck in the Australian outback.
Layla was stung by a jellyfish.
Layla was stunned.
Layla was submissive to Sami.
Layla was submissive to her husband.
Layla was such a bitch.
Layla was such a fucking bitch.
Layla was such a socialite.
Layla was such an evil little girl.
Layla was suffering badly.
Layla was suffocating in her marriage.
Layla was suffocating.
Layla was super attractive.
Layla was super flirtatious with my brother.
Layla was super pretty.
Layla was super sweet.
Layla was supposed to do my makeup.
Layla was surrounded by a gang of armed attackers.
Layla was surrounded by four guys.
Layla was swearing at Sami to her mother.
Layla was sweltering in a 90 degree heat.
Layla was taken against her will.
Layla was taken back to jail.
Layla was taken into custody.
Layla was taken to jail.
Layla was taken to the hospital.
Layla was taking a bath.
Layla was taking a huge risk.
Layla was taking a medication that could cause a heart attack.
Layla was taking a risk.
Layla was talking about her hair.
Layla was talking about her nails.
Layla was talking like a dude.
Layla was talking on the telephone.
Layla was talking to everybody.
Layla was talking to her aunt.
Layla was talking to her man.
Layla was talking to multiple dudes at the same time.
Layla was talking to my friend behind me.
Layla was talking to other boys.
Layla was talking to that dude.
Layla was talking to those boys.
Layla was terminally ill with liver disease.
Layla was terrified of her boyfriend.
Layla was terrified of her father.
Layla was terrified that I was in jail.
Layla was texting her husband.
Layla was the assistant of the stylist.
Layla was the attacker.
Layla was the baby of the family.
Layla was the cleanest girl walking.
Layla was the company secretary to one of Sami's businesses.
Layla was the daughter of a distinguished aristocrat.
Layla was the daughter of an English aristocrat.
Layla was the first immigrant woman sentenced to death.
Layla was the first to arrive.
Layla was the future of our family.
Layla was the good child of the family.
Layla was the last person to see Sami alive.
Layla was the last person to see Sami before he had a seizure.
Layla was the last to see Sami the night of that shooting.
Layla was the latest beauty to catch Fadil's eye.
Layla was the latest beauty to catch Sami's eye.
Layla was the loveliest little girl in the family.
Layla was the most popular girl in school.
Layla was the new girl in class.
Layla was the new girl.
Layla was the next person to die.
Layla was the nicest and sweetest girl ever.
Layla was the nicest waitress with the patience of a goddess.
Layla was the only eyewitness.
Layla was the only girl Sami saw every day.
Layla was the only girl in the room.
Layla was the only hijabi in town.
Layla was the only one who saw something.
Layla was the only person who understood Sami and cared for him.
Layla was the only suspect in Sami's brutal murder.
Layla was the only witness.
Layla was the only woman there.
Layla was the owner of the largest ranch in the area.
Layla was the pastor's wife.
Layla was the perfect wife.
Layla was the star witness in Sami's trial.
Layla was the sweetest and most beautiful girl I have ever met.
Layla was the sweetest girl ever.
Layla was the sweetest sweetheart ever.
Layla was the victim of a rape.
Layla was the victim of a sexual assault.
Layla was the woman of Sami's dream.
Layla was there for Sami when he needed her.
Layla was there for Sami.
Layla was there for a nannying job interview.
Layla was there on the floor.
Layla was thinking about putting on the hijab.
Layla was thinking about taking her hijab off.
Layla was thinking about what she was going to cook.
Layla was thirsty.
Layla was tied up to a chair and tortured.
Layla was tired of being the other woman.
Layla was tired of dating that guy.
Layla was tired of drama.
Layla was tired of high school drama.
Layla was tired of seeing Salima heartbroken.
Layla was too late.
Layla was too young to be a mother.
Layla was torturing herself.
Layla was tragically rejected by her mother.
Layla was trapped.
Layla was tried as a juvenile.
Layla was tried as an adult.
Layla was tried for carjacking.
Layla was tried for murdering her brother.
Layla was trying on the dresses.
Layla was trying to be a good girl.
Layla was trying to be a people pleaser.
Layla was trying to be cute.
Layla was trying to be motherly to Sami's children.
Layla was trying to escape.
Layla was trying to fight back.
Layla was trying to figure out something to do.
Layla was trying to find Salima a new man.
Layla was trying to make herself Chinese in appearance.
Layla was trying to make some new friends.
Layla was tucked under the covers.
Layla was twerking her ass.
Layla was unable to give birth.
Layla was unable to have children.
Layla was unable to keep that marriage alive.
Layla was unable to make friends.
Layla was unaware that she was being stalked.
Layla was under house arrest and couldn't leave her residence without permission.
Layla was under the influence of drugs and alcohol.
Layla was unrecognizable.
Layla was unresponsive.
Layla was unsure.
Layla was upset and speaking in half-sentences.
Layla was upstairs in bed.
Layla was very bad at choosing a decent partner.
Layla was very boy-crazy.
Layla was very charming and soft-spoken.
Layla was very dark.
Layla was very deep in the snow.
Layla was very dependent on Sami.
Layla was very depressed.
Layla was very disorientated.
Layla was very easy to talk to.
Layla was very embarrassed.
Layla was very excited.
Layla was very feminine.
Layla was very fertile.
Layla was very flirtatious.
Layla was very generous to Sami.
Layla was very guarded.
Layla was very hurt.
Layla was very introverted.
Layla was very jealous of Salima.
Layla was very loving and maternal to Sami.
Layla was very naive about Sami.
Layla was very nervous at the time.
Layla was very nice to everybody.
Layla was very outgoing, loving, and caring.
Layla was very outgoing.
Layla was very popular at high school.
Layla was very popular in the neighborhood.
Layla was very pretty.
Layla was very protective about her hair.
Layla was very quiet.
Layla was very remorseful.
Layla was very sexual with any man she found sexually attractive.
Layla was very shaken up.
Layla was very soft-spoken and child-like.
Layla was very soft-spoken.
Layla was very terrified to see that.
Layla was very upset with me because I didn't pick her to be my bridesmaid.
Layla was very upset.
Layla was very weak.
Layla was very well liked.
Layla was victim to Sami's every perverse whim.
Layla was waiting for Sami in her tent.
Layla was waiting for Sami in the getaway car.
Layla was waiting for Sami to get the police.
Layla was waiting for someone to come get her.
Layla was waiting for the mail truck.
Layla was waiting for trial.
Layla was waiting in the darkness.
Layla was waiting outside the movie theater.
Layla was waiting to pick up her niece.
Layla was walking around.
Layla was walking down that street with the pepper spray in her hand.
Layla was walking towards Sami.
Layla was watching Sami die.
Layla was watching YouTube videos about how to wear the hijab.
Layla was watching pregnancy videos.
Layla was waving and yelling.
Layla was wearing a Muslim headscarf.
Layla was wearing a bathing suit.
Layla was wearing a blue dress.
Layla was wearing a crop top jacket.
Layla was wearing a cute shirt.
Layla was wearing a cute t-shirt.
Layla was wearing a dress.
Layla was wearing a gorgeous hijab.
Layla was wearing a hijab.
Layla was wearing a long sweater.
Layla was wearing a neglige.
Layla was wearing a nice gown.
Layla was wearing a pair of mules.
Layla was wearing a prom dress.
Layla was wearing a sweater with flowers on it.
Layla was wearing an odd hat.
Layla was wearing forty thousand dollars of jewellery that night.
Layla was wearing her headscarf.
Layla was wearing her nightgown.
Layla was wearing hijab.
Layla was wearing makeup.
Layla was wearing skinny black jeans.
Layla was wearing that heart necklace.
Layla was wearing the hijab.
Layla was wearing the scarf.
Layla was wearing tight jean pants.
Layla was willing to do anything Fadil asked in order to be his girlfriend.
Layla was with Sami the entire time.
Layla was with a dude.
Layla was with another guy.
Layla was with her dude.
Layla was with somebody.
Layla was wondering what would happen next.
Layla was working as a dispatcher.
Layla was working long hours.
Layla was worried.
Layla was wounded.
Layla was yelling a lot.
Layla was yelling.
Layla washed Sami's feet.
Layla washed her hands with bleach.
Layla washed the pail with bleach.
Layla wasn't able to conceive children.
Layla wasn't able to help Sami.
Layla wasn't able to protect Sami.
Layla wasn't able to put into words what she had done to that innocent child.
Layla wasn't about to give up.
Layla wasn't acting like a guilty woman.
Layla wasn't allowed to date.
Layla wasn't allowed to have her purse on the desk.
Layla wasn't allowed to participate in the basketball team.
Layla wasn't an educated woman and all she had was her virtue.
Layla wasn't answering.
Layla wasn't around no more.
Layla wasn't as bitchy as Sami thought.
Layla wasn't asking for this type of attention.
Layla wasn't at all who she seemed.
Layla wasn't at school.
Layla wasn't bitchy.
Layla wasn't buried with Sami.
Layla wasn't capable of love.
Layla wasn't connected to anything of real value.
Layla wasn't conventionally beautiful, but she possessed a certain kind of intense sexual allure.
Layla wasn't equipped to deal with that.
Layla wasn't expecting roses.
Layla wasn't expecting to get pregnant.
Layla wasn't forced to wear the hijab.
Layla wasn't going to get away with this again.
Layla wasn't heading toward the mall.
Layla wasn't healthy.
Layla wasn't hit by gunfire.
Layla wasn't impressed.
Layla wasn't in a position to be raising a child Sami's age.
Layla wasn't in love with him.
Layla wasn't interested in sharing her man.
Layla wasn't just cunning. She was also violent.
Layla wasn't killed by a police bullet.
Layla wasn't leaving Fadil without a fight.
Layla wasn't leaving Sami without a fight.
Layla wasn't like all the other girls.
Layla wasn't my type.
Layla wasn't paying tax.
Layla wasn't rattled by Sami's death in the least.
Layla wasn't ready for the hijab.
Layla wasn't ready to go home yet.
Layla wasn't ready to go home.
Layla wasn't ready to have a baby.
Layla wasn't really paying attention to Sami.
Layla wasn't receiving the attention and notoriety that she wanted.
Layla wasn't supposed to be the one to say "I love you" first.
Layla wasn't talking to us.
Layla wasn't that type of bitch.
Layla wasn't that type of girl to get in any trouble.
Layla wasn't the only female Fadil had eyes for.
Layla wasn't trying to be sexy.
Layla wasn't trying to start a drama.
Layla wasn't wearing any jewellery.
Layla wasn't wearing hijab.
Layla wasn't wearing the hijab.
Layla wasn't with Sami.
Layla wasted no time sharing her grisly crime with the police.
Layla wasted three hours doing her hair.
Layla watched Sami's daughters for so long.
Layla watched helplessly as Sami turned the knife on her little brother.
Layla watched her kids play in the park.
Layla watched in shock.
Layla watched the umbrella fly away.
Layla waved at the plane but nobody saw her.
Layla wears a headscarf.
Layla wears an Islamic scarf.
Layla wears makeup.
Layla wears the Islamic headscarf.
Layla wears the hijab because she is Muslim.
Layla wears the hijab so nicely.
Layla wears the hijab.
Layla wears the scarf.
Layla welcomed Sami with open arms.
Layla went a full day without vital medication.
Layla went back downstairs.
Layla went back home.
Layla went back to her car.
Layla went back to school, hoping the drama was over.
Layla went back to school.
Layla went back to the mall.
Layla went discovering boys.
Layla went down the wrong path.
Layla went for help.
Layla went in the house.
Layla went inside the convenience store.
Layla went inside the salon.
Layla went inside.
Layla went into a rage.
Layla went into labor.
Layla went missing from my house.
Layla went missing.
Layla went on a charm offensive to talk to Sami.
Layla went on a date with that guy.
Layla went on a shopping spree.
Layla went on trial for the murder of her husband, Sami.
Layla went onto Ebay.
Layla went out with Sami.
Layla went outside.
Layla went silent.
Layla went straight to her computer.
Layla went to Egypt.
Layla went to Salima's hair salon.
Layla went to Salima's house to do her makeup.
Layla went to Salima's salon to get her hair done.
Layla went to Sami's house quite willingly.
Layla went to Sami's house to play videogames.
Layla went to Sami's house.
Layla went to Sami's room.
Layla went to a Halloween street party.
Layla went to a hair salon to get extensions in her hair.
Layla went to a nail salon.
Layla went to a tattoo parlor and got a neo-Nazi tattoo on her forehead.
Layla went to an Egyptian hair salon.
Layla went to another hair salon.
Layla went to bed at 9 PM.
Layla went to bed early.
Layla went to collect the baby from the Bakir's.
Layla went to college.
Layla went to get her hair done.
Layla went to get her purse.
Layla went to one of her former boyfriends to ask for help.
Layla went to prison again.
Layla went to school with the hijab.
Layla went to that hair salon.
Layla went to the bathroom to take the pregnancy test.
Layla went to the bathroom.
Layla went to the cemetery.
Layla went to the church to pray for Sami.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair done.
Layla went to the hair salon to get her hair dyed.
Layla went to the mall.
Layla went to the toilet to take a pregnancy test.
Layla went with Sami.
Layla will always be in my heart.
Layla will be brought to justice.
Layla will be mad.
Layla will be my maid of honor.
Layla will be right back.
Layla will be so mad at you.
Layla will be the last woman in my life.
Layla will come back and kill us.
Layla will do Salima's hair.
Layla will do it again.
Layla will do it.
Layla will do your makeup.
Layla will face her Lord and get questioned for not wearing the hijab.
Layla will get punished for not wearing the hijab.
Layla will go to the gas chamber for her crimes.
Layla will learn that the hard way.
Layla will make you lose your mind.
Layla will never be able to have children.
Layla will never forget Sami's eyes.
Layla will never forget Sami.
Layla will never hurt anyone.
Layla will never make it.
Layla will never remove her hijab again.
Layla will never remove her hijab.
Layla will never take her hijab off again.
Layla will soon be a woman.
Layla will spend the night in the outback.
Layla will spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Layla will survive.
Layla will wear hijab for ever.
Layla will wear the hijab after she gets married.
Layla winked at Sami.
Layla wiped off her tears.
Layla wired some cash to Sami.
Layla wished she would die.
Layla witnessed her mother's abduction.
Layla woke up at 6 AM the next morning.
Layla woke up shortly after.
Layla won awards.
Layla won her father's approval.
Layla won many awards.
Layla won't be punished for not wearing the hijab.
Layla won't be showing her hair anymore. She has decided to wear the hijab.
Layla wondered where Sami was.
Layla wondered why.
Layla wore a black dress.
Layla wore a blue bandana.
Layla wore a blue dress.
Layla wore a blue skirt.
Layla wore a burkini.
Layla wore a cute little dress.
Layla wore a hijab.
Layla wore a lace-front wig.
Layla wore a long dress.
Layla wore a pink hijab.
Layla wore a purple hijab.
Layla wore a really nice wig.
Layla wore a short dress.
Layla wore a short shirt.
Layla wore a silky scarf.
Layla wore a tight minidress.
Layla wore a ton of makeup.
Layla wore a tutu.
Layla wore an abaya.
Layla wore her Muslim headscarf so wrong.
Layla wore her hair curly.
Layla wore her hijab at school.
Layla wore hijab all her life.
Layla wore rainbow socks.
Layla wore ruffled socks.
Layla wore six different outfits for the video.
Layla wore the crappiest croptop she could ever find.
Layla wore the hijab after her wedding.
Layla wore the hijab all the time.
Layla wore the hijab before her wedding.
Layla wore the hijab before she got married.
Layla wore the hijab for six years.
Layla wore the hijab to please God.
Layla wore the hijab, took it off and put it back on.
Layla wore the hijab.
Layla wore the same exact outfit as Salima.
Layla wore wide-leg trousers.
Layla wore winter rain boots.
Layla worked as a prostitute.
Layla worked as a stripper.
Layla worked at a strip club, hoping to earn a quick buck.
Layla worked at a strip joint called Aloha.
Layla worked at a strip joint.
Layla worked at one of the most popular casinos in Vegas.
Layla worked at the warehouse.
Layla worked both sides of the law.
Layla worked hard.
Layla worked long hours.
Layla worked on many criminal cases.
Layla worked there with her boyfriend at the time.
Layla worked very hard.
Layla worked with a whole bunch of cute guys.
Layla would be back any minute.
Layla would be flirtatious with other men.
Layla would call the police on Fadil.
Layla would call the police on Sami.
Layla would cry when she was angry.
Layla would do practically anything to please Fadil.
Layla would have been dead in a couple of days.
Layla would introduce Salima to people as his daughter-in-law.
Layla would never feel secure when Sami is around.
Layla would not lie to Sami.
Layla would protect her son at any cost.
Layla wouldn't let anyone in her home.
Layla wouldn't recommend that hair salon to anyone.
Layla wouldn't survive a day in jail.
Layla wouldn't take her eyes of Sami.
Layla wrapped the baby up.
Layla wrote a horrible review about that nail salon.
Layla wrote a letter to a friend.
Layla wrote the letters to a close friend.
Layla's DNA was found under Sami's fingernails.
Layla's English is getting much better.
Layla's IQ was lower than Sami's.
Layla's Pomeranian fucked a pitbull.
Layla's Pomeranian is so cute.
Layla's Pomeranian was the first pet we had.
Layla's affair with Sami cost her her marriage.
Layla's alibi is leaking like a sieve.
Layla's anger boiled over.
Layla's assets were frozen.
Layla's baby is her everything. He's her heart and soul.
Layla's baby just wants his mom.
Layla's baby started crying again.
Layla's baby started screaming again.
Layla's baby started to fall asleep.
Layla's baby was born in this clinic.
Layla's baby was crying because he needed to take a nap.
Layla's baby was due June, 6th.
Layla's baby was falling asleep.
Layla's baby was getting fussy.
Layla's baby was screaming.
Layla's baby will be born in six weeks.
Layla's bail cost Sami everything he had.
Layla's bank accounts were frozen.
Layla's behavior crossed the line.
Layla's behavior has gotten out of control.
Layla's behavior went out of control.
Layla's best chance of being seen is to find high ground.
Layla's bloated corpse was found in a river.
Layla's body looked very nice.
Layla's body was cleaned and taken to the morgue.
Layla's body was found Monday morning.
Layla's body was found in the Australian bush just outside Alice Springs.
Layla's body was found on the bank of a river.
Layla's body was in the trunk.
Layla's body was laying on the couch.
Layla's body was on the couch.
Layla's body was on the floor.
Layla's body was put in a bag.
Layla's body was removed.
Layla's body was spattered with blood.
Layla's boobs are amazing.
Layla's boobs were covered.
Layla's boots were still sitting on the bench.
Layla's boyfriend became her husband.
Layla's boyfriend came over.
Layla's boyfriend had an unusual first name.
Layla's boyfriend was a drug dealer.
Layla's boyfriend was an asshole.
Layla's bridesmaids were her best friends.
Layla's brutal murder horrified the quiet community.
Layla's butt was big.
Layla's car broke down in the Australian outback.
Layla's car is really nice.
Layla's car is so cool.
Layla's car was last spotted in the neighborhood a day before Sami's murder.
Layla's car was spotted by a trucker who called law enforcement.
Layla's car was still running.
Layla's chances of dying were increasing with every hour.
Layla's condition caused her some social damage.
Layla's conflicting testimony confused the court.
Layla's cookies smell delicious.
Layla's cousins wore the hijab.
Layla's curiosity was gnawing at her.
Layla's dad died in a construction accident.
Layla's dad left when she was three years of age.
Layla's daring plan worked.
Layla's dark fantasies found their spark.
Layla's date paid for the food.
Layla's death didn't serve any purpose.
Layla's death left the community in shock.
Layla's death was a mystery.
Layla's dehydration caused her muscle cramps.
Layla's demeanor changed.
Layla's dog found a dead body.
Layla's dream date became a nightmare.
Layla's dream date turned into a nightmare.
Layla's dreams of love went up in smoke.
Layla's dress fit perfect.
Layla's dress was not Salima's size.
Layla's dress was tight as shit.
Layla's dress wasn't that expensive.
Layla's dress wasn't too expensive.
Layla's drinking got worse and worse.
Layla's due date was approaching.
Layla's e-mails have gone unanswered.
Layla's energy levels hit rock bottom.
Layla's energy was rapidly draining away.
Layla's eyelashes were sticking together.
Layla's eyeliner looks super dark on her face.
Layla's eyes hurt.
Layla's face dropped.
Layla's face was covered in blood.
Layla's face was pretty and feminine.
Layla's face was very pretty.
Layla's fake fingers were horrible.
Layla's fake nails are pretty short.
Layla's fake nails were pretty short.
Layla's fake nails were really big.
Layla's false nails are all different lengths.
Layla's false nails are horrible.
Layla's family banned her from seeing Sami.
Layla's family was very traditional.
Layla's father didn't force hijab upon her and her sister.
Layla's father didn't want her anymore.
Layla's father gave Sami a stamp of approval.
Layla's father is a smuggler.
Layla's father looked like a self-made businessman.
Layla's father made his fortune in oil.
Layla's father made his fortune in the oil industry.
Layla's father was an electrician.
Layla's favorite spot in Cairo is Sami's department store.
Layla's first date was a nightmare.
Layla's foundation was too dark.
Layla's friends gathered at the hospital.
Layla's friendship with Salima began to suffer.
Layla's frustration with her parents turned to hate.
Layla's future inlaws were confused.
Layla's future looked bleak.
Layla's game worked.
Layla's grandparents lived just a mile away.
Layla's guy passed away.
Layla's habits didn't change.
Layla's hair came back so healthy.
Layla's hair doesn't straighten easily.
Layla's hair grew a lot.
Layla's hair grew back so healthy.
Layla's hair grew back.
Layla's hair has a potential to grow.
Layla's hair has grown a little bit since that hair salon incident.
Layla's hair is a big part of her appeal.
Layla's hair is already done.
Layla's hair is natural.
Layla's hair is so big.
Layla's hair is straight.
Layla's hair looks shorter.
Layla's hair trip took over an hour.
Layla's hair was all fucked up.
Layla's hair was already bleached.
Layla's hair was curly again.
Layla's hair was curly.
Layla's hair was down to her belly button.
Layla's hair was everywhere.
Layla's hair was frizzy.
Layla's hair was her baby.
Layla's hair was long.
Layla's hair was really long and strong.
Layla's hair was so poofy.
Layla's hair was thick.
Layla's hair wasn't natural.
Layla's hairdresser was her best friend.
Layla's hard work paid off.
Layla's head was shaved.
Layla's hijab enhanced her beauty.
Layla's hijab has brought her closer to God.
Layla's hijab hasn't stopped her from doing anything.
Layla's hijab is gorgeous.
Layla's hijab isn't hurting anyone.
Layla's hijab put a distance between her and her mom.
Layla's hijab was cute.
Layla's hijab was so nice.
Layla's home was placed under surveillance by the police.
Layla's home was the only place where she had control.
Layla's honeymoon was over.
Layla's hope is fading.
Layla's horse has died.
Layla's house became an arena for a fight to the death.
Layla's house burned to the ground.
Layla's house survived the flames.
Layla's house was completely on fire.
Layla's house was devoured by a ferocious fire.
Layla's house was devoured by flames.
Layla's house was on fire.
Layla's husband came to visit her.
Layla's husband didn't see me yesterday.
Layla's husband doesn't like makeup.
Layla's husband is in Egypt.
Layla's husband left her because she had a miscarriage.
Layla's husband passed away.
Layla's husband was gone.
Layla's husband was good friends with Salim's husband.
Layla's husband was in prison.
Layla's husband was involved.
Layla's husband was military.
Layla's husband was screwing around.
Layla's imperfections made her all the more enticing.
Layla's increasingly odd behavior worried her parents a lot.
Layla's innocent looks masked her true nature.
Layla's jewellery was missing.
Layla's jewelry was stolen.
Layla's job gave her access to lots of confidential information.
Layla's kitchen was on fire.
Layla's legs are her best feature.
Layla's legs got swollen.
Layla's lesbian affair drove Sami over the edge.
Layla's letters revealed the extent of her racism.
Layla's life as a wealthy lady was a mirage.
Layla's life fell apart.
Layla's life has changed after she started wearing the hijab.
Layla's life is heading in the right direction.
Layla's life took a turn for the better.
Layla's life was fragile.
Layla's life will change for ever.
Layla's love for Fadil was starting to become an obsession.
Layla's love of her life was a married man.
Layla's love turned to revenge.
Layla's luck has run out.
Layla's maid of honor is supposed to be by her side.
Layla's makeup didn't look bad but that wasn't what she wanted.
Layla's makeup doesn't look bad.
Layla's makeup doesn't look that bad.
Layla's makeup looks great.
Layla's makeup looks like crap.
Layla's makeup was coming off because she was sweating.
Layla's makeup was coming off.
Layla's makeup was wearing off.
Layla's manners are so cute.
Layla's marriage was on the rocks.
Layla's medication was essential to maintain a steady heartbeat.
Layla's mental reasoning became clouded.
Layla's mental state went out of control.
Layla's minidress was shorter than mine.
Layla's mom absolutely hated the hijab.
Layla's mom didn't let her go to Sami's prom.
Layla's mom doesn't allow her to date.
Layla's mom knew that she was pregnant.
Layla's mom took her hijab shopping.
Layla's mom was dating.
Layla's mom was her best friend.
Layla's mother despised Sami.
Layla's mother had drug issues.
Layla's mother is the person she hated the most in the world.
Layla's mother is the person that hurt her the most.
Layla's mother was a strict disciplinarian.
Layla's mother was a stripper.
Layla's mother was arrested for drugs.
Layla's mother was brain dead.
Layla's mother was dying.
Layla's mother was still alive.
Layla's mother wasn't around.
Layla's motherly instincts kicked in.
Layla's motives were never determined.
Layla's murder became huge news.
Layla's murder remains unsolved.
Layla's nail salon opens at nine.
Layla's nails were razor-sharp.
Layla's neglige was missing a pompom.
Layla's neighbor called 911.
Layla's net worth is estimated at ten million dollars.
Layla's new approach is incredibly dangerous.
Layla's new job gave her access to confidential prison files.
Layla's nightmare was just beginning.
Layla's nightmare was only beginning.
Layla's nightmare was only just beginning.
Layla's nightmare was over.
Layla's office called.
Layla's only alternative was to kill Sami.
Layla's only defense against the dingos was a handgun.
Layla's ordeal in the outback was just beginning.
Layla's ordeal isn't over.
Layla's parents didn't support her decision to wear the hijab.
Layla's parents don't like Sami.
Layla's parents enforced a strict no-dating policy on her throughout high school.
Layla's parents found out that she was pregnant.
Layla's parents were so supportive.
Layla's parents weren't home.
Layla's personality on the phone totally matched her personality in real life.
Layla's phone rang at four o'clock in the morning.
Layla's phone was in the garbage.
Layla's place was surrounded by police.
Layla's plan was to apologize.
Layla's plan went off the rails.
Layla's plane spiralled out of control.
Layla's pregnancy test came up positive.
Layla's pregnancy test was positive.
Layla's problems became too overwhelming to manage.
Layla's problems began in her mid-teens.
Layla's purse was empty.
Layla's real name is Salima Bakir.
Layla's rejection enraged Sami.
Layla's relationship with Fadil was kept under wraps from her family.
Layla's relentless quest of love led her into the arms of a very violent man.
Layla's reputation was in tatters.
Layla's rifle was till loaded.
Layla's right nipple was cut off.
Layla's room smelt musty.
Layla's saintly exterior masks inner demons.
Layla's second husband committed suicide.
Layla's secret lesbian affair could ruin her marriage.
Layla's shirt looks cuter.
Layla's shirt was covered in blood.
Layla's shirt was on Sami's bed.
Layla's shoes were so high.
Layla's shotgun was missing.
Layla's sister looks amazing.
Layla's sister was her hairdresser.
Layla's sister was her maid of honor.
Layla's situation suddenly worsened.
Layla's skin was glistening.
Layla's sleeping in the guest room.
Layla's sports bra has pockets on it.
Layla's story didn't match any of the evidence.
Layla's story is believable.
Layla's story was unbelievable.
Layla's testimony shocked the court.
Layla's trial lasted sixty-five days.
Layla's true name is Salima.
Layla's vehicle was found along an Interstate in Missouri.
Layla's virginity was one of the most important things she had.
Layla's virtue was impregnable.
Layla's voice really matches her face.
Layla's whole demeanor changed.
Layla's will to live was all she had to survive.
Layla, Sami, and Salima were high school seniors.
Layla, Sami, and Salima were three psychopathic killers.
Layla, a ballet dancer, was extremely fit.
Layla, a prostitute, wanted a decent type of life.
Layla, an Aborigine, made use of her renowned tracking skills.
Layla, please don't let me die.
Layla... I can't believe that... Me, Salima Bakir, begging a man to love me! I just can't believe that.
Lazarus Zamenhof is Polish.
Laziness and success do not go together.
Laziness comes at a high price.
Laziness is a sin.
Laziness is fear of imminent work.
Laziness is my weak point.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.
Laziness is one of your personality traits.
Laziness is the best of the seven deadly sins, because it hinders you from doing six others.
Laziness is the mother of all invention.
Laziness is the mother of all vices, and, like every mother, she must be respected.
Laziness is the mother of all vices.
Laziness is the mother of invention.
Laziness is what drives progress.
Lazy boy!
Lazy people have no chance of success.
Lazy people here don't have much of a future.
Lazy shepherds have good dogs.
Lazybones.
Laïcité is an embarrassment to the secular world.
Laïcité is very poorly disguised antisemitism and Islamophobia.
Le Corbusier was a French architect.
Le Havre is at the mouth of the Seine.
Le Mur des "Je t'aime" (The "I Love You" Wall) in Paris, features the words "I love you" written 311 times in 250 different languages.
Le Nôtre is the most famous French gardener who has ever existed.
Le Pen hates Arab people.
Le Verrier expected to be declared the sole discoverer of Neptune, but months prior to his calculations being completed John Couch Adams, an English mathematician, had accomplished the same feat. As a consequence, Le Verrier and Adams share the honor as Neptune's discoverers.
Le says he wanted his son to stay home and get married, but Hung was determined to go abroad.
LeBron James is one of the greatest basketball players of all time.
LeBron James is the best player in the NBA.
Lead a life of rebellion.
Lead a rebellious life.
Lead and iron must feed the coppersmith.
Lead author Andrew Shepherd of the University of Leeds in England said it is possible that Antarctica's melting alone could add 16 centimeters to sea level rise across the globe by the end of this century.
Lead author Ruben Cauchi of the University of Malta's Center for Molecular Medicine and Biobanking said the Mediterranean plant extracts already are on the market in health foods and some cosmetics, making them very safe.
Lead bends easily.
Lead can cause irreversible brain damage.
Lead compounds were added to gasoline to prevent engine knock.
Lead is a chemical element symbolised by Pb.
Lead is a chemical element with the atomic number 82 in the periodic table of elements.
Lead is a common environmental pollutant.
Lead is a metal.
Lead is a potent neurotoxin.
Lead is a soft metal.
Lead is a soft, dense, malleable and fusible metal.
Lead is a toxic metal.
Lead is dangerous.
Lead is easily bent.
Lead is extremely toxic.
Lead is metal.
Lead is much heavier than aluminium.
Lead is much heavier than aluminum.
Lead is poisonous.
Lead is soft and heavy. Iron is hard and steel harder.
Lead me not into temptation — I can find my own way.
Lead poisoning can cause a permanent loss of cognitive ability and infertility.
Lead poisoning endangers the health of millions of children around the world.
Lead singer for the band OneRepublic, Tedder also writes and produces hits songs for other artists, last year earning an estimated $2.5 million from his extracurricular songwriting alone.
Lead the charge!
Lead the donkey to water.
Lead the goats to the open fields for grazing.
Lead the investigation!
Lead the sheep to pasture.
Lead the way.
Lead us from darkness to light.
Lead us from falsehood to truth.
Lead us on the right path.
Lead us, since you know the road.
Lead your friend to me!
Leader, you must think it through!
Leaders are in conflict with workers.
Leaders are often faulted for downplaying crises, but Gerald Ford was accused by some of overreacting.
Leaders are trying to do away with impediments to economic growth.
Leaders establish unity of purpose and direction of the organization.
Leaders need to be good at improvisation; they must think on their feet.
Leaders of the Democratic Party felt they had an excellent chance to capture the White House in the election. And their hopes increased when the Republicans re-nominated President Hoover and Vice President Charles Curtis in the summer of nineteen thirty-two.
Leaders serve society.
Leaders should have a stake in the future they're steering people towards.
Leadership by coercion would not produce the results we see.
Leadership calls for tough choices and, at times, tough language.
Leadership requires to manage men, but demands to reach compromises.
Leading a fulfilling life really comes down to a simple question: When you turn off the lights at night and your head is on the pillow, what do you hear? Your soul singing or Satan laughing?
Leading co-author of the report Roger Pulwarty agrees the data contained within the report is grim but does not see an apocalyptic picture ahead.
Leading scholars have been invited to present papers at the conference.
Leading the group along creepily dark streets, with an old fashioned oil lamp for light, he stops in front of a building with a white porch.
Leading universities say that your grades are more important than your test scores.
Leaf after leaf fell to the ground.
Leaf-blowers can cause hearing loss.
Leaf-cutter ants have powerful blades on either side of their head that are as sharp as any man-made knife.
Leafcutter ants can carry something heavier than themselves.
Leafcutter ants, the tiny red dots known for carrying green leaves as they march through tropical forests, are also talented farmers that cultivate gardens of fungi and bacteria.
Leaking taps waste a lot of water.
Leaky faucets waste a lot of water.
Lean back against the wall.
Lean back and try to remember.
Lean forward.
Lean in closer.
Lean it against the wall.
Lean on me.
Lean on this.
Lean the ladder against the wall.
Lean your head forward.
Lean!
Leaning on his bone-tipped spear for support, Tom rises to his feet.
Leanne has got blue eyes.
Leanne has tried to fix the computer.
Leanne is a lovely girl.
Leanne is at the same age as me.
Leanne lives in Leicester.
Leanne loves chicken nuggets.
Leanne's grandfather passed away six years ago.
Leap years come every four years.
Learn Berber.
Learn Berber. Trust me, it's so worth it.
Learn Chinese, not to impress your future boss, but to understand what she is saying.
Learn Esperanto; it will take you to every corner of the world.
Learn French!
Learn French.
Learn German with enthusiasm.
Learn Hungarian!
Learn Hungarian.
Learn Italian.
Learn Magyar!
Learn Magyar.
Learn Spanish or vanish.
Learn Toki Pona!
Learn Uyghur!
Learn Vietnamese easier with Tatoeba.
Learn Yiddish.
Learn a bit from that kid.
Learn a bit more.
Learn a foreign language.
Learn a language for free.
Learn a little at a time.
Learn a little bit about Islam.
Learn a thing or two!
Learn a thing-or-two before you start asking so many questions!
Learn a thing-or-two!
Learn a trade.
Learn about co-dependency.
Learn about the specific needs of your tortoise's species.
Learn about this documentation.
Learn about yourself.
Learn and you will know.
Learn as many idioms as possible by heart.
Learn at a slow pace.
Learn by doing.
Learn by heart a few sentences that can help you in specific situations.
Learn digital skills.
Learn diligently and you will succeed.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can; there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Learn foreign languages with professional teachers!
Learn from Comrade Lei Feng.
Learn from others' mistakes.
Learn from others’ mistakes.
Learn from the mistakes of others.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself.
Learn from your mistake and don't let it happen again.
Learn from your mistakes and you will go far.
Learn from your mistakes.
Learn gladly.
Learn good things from good people.
Learn how a robotic sloth is providing a canopy level view of the rainforest and the advantages of having a slowness in everyday life.
Learn how native speakers actually talk, not how they ought to talk.
Learn how to cook!
Learn how to deescalate conflict at work.
Learn how to develop your emotional intelligence.
Learn how to do it as soon as you can.
Learn how to do it.
Learn how to drive, you moron.
Learn how to introduce yourself.
Learn how to keep things in control from our expert.
Learn how to love yourself.
Learn how to make money online.
Learn how to manage your psychology.
Learn how to reach your full potential.
Learn how to read people.
Learn how to really love yourself.
Learn how to ride a bike.
Learn how to silence your mind.
Learn how to trust yourself.
Learn humility.
Learn instead of sleeping.
Learn it young so that when you're old, you'll know it.
Learn little by little every day.
Learn more about goats by visiting Yanni's website.
Learn more about white-collar crime.
Learn more.
Learn not to expect too much.
Learn not to judge by appearances.
Learn not to take things so personally.
Learn other languages in order to be more proficient in your own.
Learn something new every day.
Learn that of foreigners, but don't flee your own.
Learn that while I live, you, vile death, come as an enemy.
Learn the Amazigh alphabet.
Learn the Berber alphabet.
Learn the language by ear rather than by eye.
Learn the ropes.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.
Learn the syntax.
Learn them quickly.
Learn these names by heart.
Learn these sentences.
Learn these words, one by one.
Learn this lesson by heart.
Learn this poem by heart.
Learn this sentence by heart.
Learn this stuff.
Learn this: a steep curve betokens a large change in output for a small change in input.
Learn those sentences.
Learn to appreciate what you have.
Learn to be a man of your word and find opportunities to realize your dreams.
Learn to be content with little.
Learn to be in solidarity among yourselves.
Learn to be patient.
Learn to care for your health and how to prepare your system to resist fatigue.
Learn to code.
Learn to control it or it will control you.
Learn to cultivate independent thinking.
Learn to define your goals.
Learn to enjoy reading.
Learn to express yourself respectfully.
Learn to help others.
Learn to keep time.
Learn to let go when the time is right.
Learn to let go, that's the key to happiness.
Learn to listen. Good chances only knock softly at your door.
Learn to live with it.
Learn to love yourself.
Learn to pedal slowly and steadily and to start and stop easily.
Learn to reach an agreement.
Learn to read the room.
Learn to recognise the signs.
Learn to recognize the insecurities you can hide so well.
Learn to rely on your own skills.
Learn to say no without feeling bad about it.
Learn to say no.
Learn to show the beloved object through the rays of your feeling rather than consume it!
Learn to speak English in a short time!
Learn to suffer if you want to win.
Learn to take a hint.
Learn to take care of yourself.
Learn to take responsibility for your actions.
Learn to talk like a leader.
Learn to think positively!
Learn to think positively.
Learn to trust your instincts.
Learn to walk before you run.
Learn to write Berber.
Learn to write and speak in Santali.
Learn to write letters!
Learn to write the Kabyle language, fellow Kabyle.
Learn to write.
Learn vocabulary in a natural way.
Learn vocabulary related to topics you're passionate about.
Learn what self-love is.
Learn what you can learn.
Learn what you can.
Learn wisdom from the faults of others.
Learn with us everything you need to know about Algeria.
Learn writing in Kabyle language because you are Kabyle.
Learn your language, O Kabyle.
Learn your language.
Learn your lessons well, son.
Learn your lessons well.
Learn!
Learn, children, very eagerly. This I promise you: whichever one of you learns Hebrew the fastest will get a flag.
Learn, learn, and learn again.
Learn, my brothers, think and read.
Learn.
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
Learning Arabic is fun.
Learning Berber also gives me the chance to meet new people.
Learning Berber can be a long process.
Learning Berber can change your life in a practical way and very quickly.
Learning Berber can change your life.
Learning Berber could take years.
Learning Berber in Kabylie has practical benefits.
Learning Berber is a piece of cake.
Learning Berber is a skill.
Learning Berber is easy.
Learning Berber is exciting.
Learning Berber is extremely difficult.
Learning Berber is fun.
Learning Berber is going to get you employment in the future.
Learning Berber is hard and it takes a lot of effort.
Learning Berber is important.
Learning Berber is not easy.
Learning Berber is not that easy.
Learning Berber is really hard.
Learning Berber is really, really hard.
Learning Berber is something Yanni likes.
Learning Berber isn't as difficult as learning Latin.
Learning Berber requires a lot of energy.
Learning Berber takes a really long time.
Learning Berber was easy.
Learning Berber was more difficult than I imagined.
Learning Berber was so hard.
Learning Berber was so much easier for me.
Learning Berber was so stressful.
Learning Berber wasn't that difficult.
Learning Berber will change my life.
Learning Berber will change your life.
Learning Berber wit Ziri is just exercise after exercise.
Learning Berber with me is easy.
Learning Berber would take a very long time.
Learning Chavacano and maybe other creoles could revitalize my interest in conlanging, even if just in my head. Chavacano is interesting to me because it is a Latinate creole, Spanish-based, with an indigenous Philippine substratum. Convenient in creoles is the absence of complex verbal conjugations. Markers or particles indicate verbal aspects. Creole is like a quaint fantasy.
Learning Chinese might be as important as learning English in the near future.
Learning English allows me to forget about all my personal troubles for a while and it allows me to get out all the negative thoughts from my mind.
Learning English always soothes me.
Learning English can be challenging.
Learning English feels peaceful to me.
Learning English gives me so much happiness and makes me feel so mentally fulfilled.
Learning English has a big soothing effect on my mind, and it works miracles on my mind.
Learning English has a very soothing effect on me.
Learning English is a challenge.
Learning English is easier than you think it is.
Learning English is fun.
Learning English is hard work.
Learning English is hard.
Learning English is not a simple task.
Learning English is very easy.
Learning English is very time-consuming.
Learning English isn't difficult.
Learning English puts my own mind to peace.
Learning English requires dedication.
Learning English requires patience.
Learning English well is not difficult.
Learning Esperanto is easy, however mastering it, not so much.
Learning Esperanto is fun!
Learning Esperanto is not a waste of time.
Learning Esperanto is not hard, but then you realize that learning it only allows you to speak with other people who have learned Esperanto.
Learning Esperanto was marvelous.
Learning Esperanto, as recent university studies prove, makes foreign language acquisition easier and quicker.
Learning Finnish takes time.
Learning French could change your life.
Learning French is a lot of fun.
Learning French is difficult.
Learning French is easier than you think it is.
Learning French is easy.
Learning French is fun.
Learning French is hard.
Learning French is no easy task.
Learning French is something that we all have to do.
Learning French is useful.
Learning French isn't a waste of time.
Learning French isn't difficult.
Learning French isn't easy.
Learning French isn't hard.
Learning French takes longer than most people think.
Learning French takes time.
Learning French was easy.
Learning French was hard.
Learning French won't be as easy as you think.
Learning German can be fun.
Learning German is important.
Learning German is tough work.
Learning German was as important as learning English in the recent past.
Learning Hokkien in its POJ Romanization might be interesting. There are at least 11 methods to write Hokkien. If Hokkien had a colour, it might be orange.
Learning Ido is so easy that you will be able to use it almost immediately.
Learning Ido is very easy.
Learning Klingon will be of great use for his career as a businessman.
Learning Klingon will serve him well in his business career.
Learning Korean is difficult.
Learning Norwegian for Tom was like planting a chervil-seed. He remembered subconsciously the farmers market before he could speak as a child. He felt warmth and belonging when he heard Norwegian spoken.
Learning Physics is not easy.
Learning Russian is hard.
Learning Spanish is good practice for learning French.
Learning Toki Pona is a big challenge for me.
Learning a foreign language as a non-native speaker is hard work, but all that effort pays off when you realise you can communicate with someone from a completely different country in their language.
Learning a foreign language can be a lot of fun.
Learning a foreign language can be fun.
Learning a foreign language can be very challenging.
Learning a foreign language can change your life.
Learning a foreign language demands persistence.
Learning a foreign language is a waste of time.
Learning a foreign language is an enormous effort and a courageous sacrifice.
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
Learning a foreign language is hard work.
Learning a foreign language is hard.
Learning a foreign language is interesting.
Learning a foreign language is truly interesting and enjoyable.
Learning a foreign language requires dedication.
Learning a foreign language requires patience.
Learning a foreign language requires perseverance.
Learning a foreign language takes time.
Learning a foreign language will change your life.
Learning a language goes far beyond cramming a dictionary into your memory.
Learning a language goes far beyond memorizing vocabulary.
Learning a language includes learning to be political.
Learning a language includes learning to use and understand political and religious language.
Learning a language involves memorizing countless thousands of words.
Learning a language is a pleasure or at least it can become one.
Learning a language is a social activity.
Learning a language is much more than an intellectual or cognitive challenge; it's a way to grow and to mature through the experience of other cultures. It broadens our horizons and deepens our personality. It allows us to approach problems differently because we experience different worlds. It allows us, as Proust says, to see with new eyes.
Learning a language is much more than an intellectual or cognitive task. It is a vehicle for growth and maturation through the experience of other cultures. It broadens our horizons and deepens our personality. It allows us to find new approaches to solving problems because we have known other worlds, enabling us, as Proust says, "to see with new eyes."
Learning a language is not easy.
Learning a language is not simple.
Learning a language is, among other things, a matter of patience.
Learning a language isn't easy.
Learning a language requires a lot of time.
Learning a language requires practice every day.
Learning a language takes time.
Learning a language when you are over 70 years of age is difficult.
Learning a musical instrument trains the mind.
Learning a neutral international language would unite all the Jews in the world and, at the same time, link them on an equal basis with all other peoples.
Learning a new language can open doors to different cultures and perspectives.
Learning a new language feels like unlocking a treasure.
Learning a new language feels overwhelming.
Learning a new language is also learning a new culture.
Learning a new language is difficult at first.
Learning a new language is fun.
Learning a new language is like discovering a different world in each word.
Learning a new language is like meeting someone for the first time who always claims you are wrong, and worse - has the ability to prove it.
Learning a new language is too hard and time-consuming.
Learning a new operating system is never easy.
Learning a second language requires a lot of practice.
Learning about Berber captivated Ziri.
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
Learning about the depth and wideness of one's language is a way of finding one's identity.
Learning about the rules of that card game was a real odyssey.
Learning about the way the Earth has formed is a very interesting thing.
Learning and cherishing data are not just the domain of Jewish people.
Learning another language is a hassle.
Learning another language is more interesting.
Learning another language means discovering a new world.
Learning any language is fun.
Learning any language requires some effort and free time.
Learning both Scottish Gaelic and Irish is confusing.
Learning by doing!
Learning by heart is not the best way how to remember things.
Learning calculus requires a lot of practice.
Learning calligraphy is fun.
Learning chess should always start with the study of pawn endings.
Learning collocations is one step towards sounding like a native speaker.
Learning common roots, prefixes and suffixes will help you become an expert in deconstructing the meanings of English words and constructing a strong vocabulary.
Learning enough French to get by wasn't all that difficult.
Learning everything about diet and nutrition is as difficult as learning a new language.
Learning foreign languages is boring.
Learning foreign languages is difficult.
Learning foreign languages is fun.
Learning foreign languages is hard.
Learning foreign languages is very important in the modern world.
Learning from native speakers helps learners become more comfortable with natural speech patterns.
Learning from others helps us find common ground.
Learning grammar is important.
Learning grammar makes sense.
Learning happens every day.
Learning how to swim is very simple.
Learning individual sentences allows me to build a solid understanding of the text.
Learning is a gradual process.
Learning is a result of our missteps.
Learning is an endless path.
Learning is an ongoing process.
Learning is easy.
Learning is effective when the thing to be learned is continually repeated.
Learning is fun.
Learning is one of the most imperative things in our lives. To stop learning is to stop living.
Learning is one thing and common sense is another.
Learning is one thing, and common sense another.
Learning is the elixir that makes the human brain the most powerful organic decision-making and problem-solving tool on the planet.
Learning is the next step after education.
Learning languages comes easy to her.
Learning languages comes easy to him.
Learning languages has never been so easy.
Learning languages is difficult for me.
Learning languages is fun.
Learning languages is good for the soul.
Learning languages is interesting.
Learning languages is much more fun than studying calculus.
Learning languages is my avocation. I don't get paid for it.
Learning languages is my hobby.
Learning languages is my passion.
Learning lessons from Europe, Japan has to switch its economic-oriented policy to a consumer-conscious one, in order to cope with the coming unprecedented aging society towards the 21st century.
Learning makes wise, ignorance otherwise.
Learning modern languages piques my interest so much.
Learning multiple languages really messed with my ability to use proper punctuation in any language.
Learning never stops.
Learning new aspects of a subject is vital.
Learning new information can make people happy.
Learning new languages is Tom's drug of choice.
Learning new things is fun.
Learning of his death broke my heart.
Learning often happens after we stumble.
Learning opens new doors of perception.
Learning opens new doors.
Learning physics can change your way of thinking.
Learning poetry is a good discipline for the memory.
Learning probably takes place in virtually every activity in which we take part.
Learning runs in their blood.
Learning should not be forced, but rather encouraged.
Learning should not be forced. Learning should be encouraged.
Learning spelling in English is more tortuous than in other languages. Children suffer in hidden ways.
Learning takes time.
Learning the German language is important.
Learning the Russian language is very difficult.
Learning their religion will just engulf you in poverty.
Learning to drive requires a lot of practice.
Learning to hope is important.
Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace.
Learning to listen is the essence of intelligent living.
Learning to manage my finances is a crucial step toward independence.
Learning to play a musical instrument requires thousands of hours of practice.
Learning to play the piano was one of the best things I ever did.
Learning to read well is of primary importance.
Learning to say "no" has been an important part of my growth journey.
Learning to speak a foreign language well takes a lot of time.
Learning to speak a foreign language well takes time.
Learning to weight train is tough.
Learning vocabulary is a neverending struggle.
Learning with native speakers enhances the ability to understand language as it’s spoken in real life.
Learning with native speakers ensures exposure to real-world language usage.
Learning without acting is like plowing without planting seeds.
Learning without thought is labor lost.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Leash your dogs.
Least said, soonest mended.
Leather is raw material to produce shoes.
Leather shoes are a lot more expensive.
Leather shoes are much more expensive.
Leather shoes cost a lot more.
Leather shoes cost a lot.
Leather shoes cost much more.
Leatherback turtles can weigh hundreds of kilos.
Leatherback turtles can weigh more than a thousand pounds.
Leatherbacks are found across the globe in temperate and tropical latitudes and are highly migratory.
Leatherbacks are the world’s largest turtles. They can grow more than two meters long and weigh more than four-hundred kilograms. But they do not have hard, protective shells like most turtles. Their backs are covered with oily, ribbed skin.
Leatherbacks do not have a hard shell like most turtles.
Leave Algeria alone!
Leave Algiers.
Leave Cookie alone.
Leave Jean alone!
Leave Layla and come to live with me.
Leave Mary alone!
Leave Tom alone for a minute.
Leave Tom alone or you'll regret it.
Leave Tom alone!
Leave Tom alone, please.
Leave Tom alone, will you?
Leave Tom alone.
Leave Tom alone. Now!
Leave Tom and Mary alone.
Leave Tom here.
Leave Tom out next time.
Leave Tom out of this.
Leave Tom to me.
Leave Tom with me.
Leave Tom's things alone.
Leave Tom, please.
Leave Tom.
Leave Ziri alone, Rima.
Leave Ziri alone.
Leave a blank space.
Leave a comment and let us know what you think.
Leave a comment, OK?
Leave a comment.
Leave a double space after each sentence.
Leave a large gap between the lines.
Leave a larger gap between the lines.
Leave a like to help my channel.
Leave a like to help the channel out.
Leave a margin on the paper when you write.
Leave a message after the beep.
Leave a message after the tone.
Leave a message and I'll call you.
Leave a message and I'll get back to you.
Leave a message, please.
Leave a message.
Leave a space between the lines.
Leave a tooth under your pillow, and the tooth fairy will take it and put a present in its place.
Leave all hope!
Leave all the talking to me.
Leave already.
Leave and don't come back.
Leave and see if you manage on your own.
Leave at once.
Leave before Tom sees you here.
Leave before Tom sees you.
Leave early to avoid traffic.
Leave early.
Leave everything as it was.
Leave everything as you found it.
Leave everything to me.
Leave everything where it is.
Leave everything.
Leave her alone for a minute.
Leave her alone or you'll regret it.
Leave her alone!
Leave her alone, for crying out loud.
Leave her alone, please.
Leave her alone.
Leave her alone. She has nothing to do with this.
Leave her as she is.
Leave her here.
Leave her out of this.
Leave her with me.
Leave her.
Leave her. She needs a few minutes alone.
Leave here at once.
Leave him alone for a minute.
Leave him alone!
Leave him alone, for crying out loud.
Leave him alone, he's mad, it's better not to talk to him at all.
Leave him alone, please.
Leave him alone, you evil bastard!
Leave him alone.
Leave him alone. He has nothing to do with this.
Leave him here.
Leave him in peace.
Leave him out of this.
Leave him to me.
Leave him with me.
Leave him, let him face the consequences of his doings.
Leave him.
Leave home early in the morning, and you will get to your destination before dark.
Leave if you can't stand the thought of it.
Leave if you wish.
Leave immediately!
Leave immediately.
Leave it all behind.
Leave it all to me.
Leave it alone for crying out loud.
Leave it alone!
Leave it alone.
Leave it as it is, or you will be scolded.
Leave it as it is.
Leave it be, Tom.
Leave it be.
Leave it behind.
Leave it closed.
Leave it for now.
Leave it here!
Leave it here.
Leave it in a safe place.
Leave it in its place!
Leave it in my hands.
Leave it in the refrigerator until it sets.
Leave it off the list.
Leave it off.
Leave it on that show. I like it.
Leave it on the table.
Leave it open.
Leave it out.
Leave it plugged in.
Leave it right where it is.
Leave it running.
Leave it switched on.
Leave it there!
Leave it there.
Leave it to Internetters to make a controversy out of anything.
Leave it to Mennad.
Leave it to Tom to come up with these wacky ideas.
Leave it to Tom.
Leave it to dry for a couple of minutes.
Leave it to him.
Leave it to me to prepare lunch.
Leave it to me!
Leave it to me, I told him, that's too heavy for you.
Leave it to me, I'll take care of this problem.
Leave it to me, boss!
Leave it to me, guys.
Leave it to me.
Leave it to me. I will see what's going on outside.
Leave it to me. I'll get it done right away.
Leave it to me. I'll see to it.
Leave it to me. I'll take care of everything.
Leave it to me. I'll take care of it.
Leave it to me. I’ll see to it.
Leave it to me: I'll take care of it.
Leave it to me; I will to it.
Leave it to me; I'll see to it that you get a full refund.
Leave it to me; I'll see to it.
Leave it to me; I’ll see to it that you get a full refund.
Leave it to the professionals.
Leave it to the pros.
Leave it to us.
Leave it turned on.
Leave it undecided.
Leave it up to Tom.
Leave it up to me.
Leave it up to me. I'll take care of everything.
Leave it up to us.
Leave it where you found it.
Leave it wherever you want.
Leave it with me.
Leave it!
Leave it.
Leave it. It's not worth it.
Leave kids alone and stop imposing your religion on them.
Leave kids out of drag shows.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
Leave me a message and I'll call you back.
Leave me a message, please.
Leave me a slice please.
Leave me a tip.
Leave me alone and I'll leave you alone.
Leave me alone and don't try to talk to me.
Leave me alone and go away.
Leave me alone and go back to your wife.
Leave me alone and let me do my job.
Leave me alone for crying out loud.
Leave me alone for three minutes.
Leave me alone now.
Leave me alone or I'll call the police.
Leave me alone or I'm going to call security.
Leave me alone so I can get some sleep.
Leave me alone with Tom.
Leave me alone with my concerns.
Leave me alone!
Leave me alone! Can't you see I'm busy?
Leave me alone! I hate you!
Leave me alone! I'm not your wife anymore.
Leave me alone, OK?
Leave me alone, Tom and Mary. I want to watch TV.
Leave me alone, Tom.
Leave me alone, Tom. You're drunk.
Leave me alone, please.
Leave me alone, will you?
Leave me alone.
Leave me alone. I know what I'm doing.
Leave me alone. Just go.
Leave me and my family alone.
Leave me and my kid alone.
Leave me and my kids alone.
Leave me and my sentences alone.
Leave me be, I can get there myself.
Leave me be.
Leave me half.
Leave me here and go get help.
Leave me here.
Leave me in peace!
Leave me in peace.
Leave me not thus alone.
Leave me out of it, please.
Leave me out of it.
Leave me out of this plan. I don't want to get involved.
Leave me out of this plan. I don’t want to get involved.
Leave me out of this!
Leave me out of this.
Leave me some ice cream.
Leave me the hell alone.
Leave me to my thoughts.
Leave me with my worries.
Leave me!
Leave me.
Leave more space between characters.
Leave more space between the lines.
Leave my boyfriend alone.
Leave my brother alone.
Leave my camera alone.
Leave my car alone.
Leave my children alone.
Leave my daughters alone.
Leave my dog alone.
Leave my family alone!
Leave my family alone.
Leave my family in peace.
Leave my friend alone.
Leave my friends alone.
Leave my girlfriend alone.
Leave my house and never return.
Leave my house.
Leave my kids alone.
Leave my kittens alone!
Leave my land.
Leave my office!
Leave my parents out of this.
Leave my room immediately.
Leave my room!
Leave my sister alone.
Leave my stuff alone.
Leave my things alone.
Leave no stone unturned.
Leave nothing for tomorrow which can be done today.
Leave now and don't ever come back.
Leave now and you will arrive on time.
Leave now and you'll arrive on time.
Leave now or you'll be late.
Leave now or you'll miss your bus.
Leave now so you're not tardy.
Leave now!
Leave now, or you'll miss the train.
Leave now, or you’ll miss the train.
Leave now.
Leave our house!
Leave our house.
Leave our kids alone.
Leave out anything that is useless.
Leave out kids alone!
Leave out this word.
Leave quietly.
Leave right away.
Leave right now and you will be in time for the bus.
Leave some cake for me.
Leave some cake for the rest of us.
Leave some cookies for the rest of us.
Leave some for me, too.
Leave some for me.
Leave some for the rest of us.
Leave some ice cream for the rest of us.
Leave some pizza for the rest of us.
Leave some tea for me, too.
Leave something for me too.
Leave something for me, too.
Leave that alone!
Leave that alone.
Leave that box where it is.
Leave that cat alone.
Leave that horse alone.
Leave that job to the experts!
Leave that job.
Leave that out of this video.
Leave that stuff alone.
Leave that there.
Leave that to Tom.
Leave that to me.
Leave that to the experts.
Leave that toxic job.
Leave that where it is.
Leave that. Others might find it repulsive.
Leave the Jacksons alone.
Leave the TV on.
Leave the area as just how you found it.
Leave the baby in the crib.
Leave the badgers alone.
Leave the bed.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and 20 dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
Leave the book where it is.
Leave the book where it was.
Leave the books and magazines as they are.
Leave the books as they are.
Leave the books here.
Leave the bottle.
Leave the box on the porch.
Leave the building by the nearest exit, closing doors behind you.
Leave the car at home.
Leave the car running.
Leave the cat alone.
Leave the chairs as they are.
Leave the child alone.
Leave the class right now or I will have you expelled for disorderly conduct.
Leave the corn on the table.
Leave the country today.
Leave the credit card at home. We must save!
Leave the documents in my office.
Leave the dog alone.
Leave the dog out for a while.
Leave the dog outside!
Leave the dog outside.
Leave the door ajar when you go.
Leave the door ajar.
Leave the door closed.
Leave the door half-open so I don't have to wake you up when I get back.
Leave the door open when you go.
Leave the door open when you leave.
Leave the door open, please.
Leave the door open.
Leave the door unlocked.
Leave the driving to me.
Leave the empty bags in the container by the 18th green.
Leave the engine running.
Leave the food on the table.
Leave the front door open for me.
Leave the goblins alone and they'll usually leave you alone.
Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.
Leave the hard tasks to me.
Leave the horse alone.
Leave the horses alone.
Leave the ice alone!
Leave the in direct sunshine for at least twenty minutes.
Leave the key at the front desk.
Leave the key.
Leave the kid alone!
Leave the kids out of it.
Leave the light on.
Leave the lights off.
Leave the lights on!
Leave the lights on, please.
Leave the lights on.
Leave the matter to me.
Leave the matter to me. I'll see to it.
Leave the matter to me. I’ll see to it.
Leave the matter to us.
Leave the old tales to the old ones.
Leave the past behind and go on.
Leave the past behind and move on.
Leave the past behind and take care of the present.
Leave the past behind you.
Leave the path.
Leave the phone where it was.
Leave the poor boy alone.
Leave the poor girl alone.
Leave the poor guy alone.
Leave the poor kid alone.
Leave the raft by the trash, tomorrow they will come and take it away.
Leave the rest for later.
Leave the rest to me.
Leave the room as it is.
Leave the room immediately.
Leave the room!
Leave the room.
Leave the suitcase there!
Leave the tennis to me!
Leave the thinking up to me.
Leave the three of them alone.
Leave the three of us alone.
Leave the top button undone.
Leave the towels here.
Leave the truck behind.
Leave the window ajar.
Leave the window open for a while.
Leave the window open.
Leave the windows open, please.
Leave the windows open.
Leave the wine here with us.
Leave the worrying to us.
Leave them alone for a minute.
Leave them alone!
Leave them alone, Tom.
Leave them alone, and they'll leave you alone.
Leave them alone, please.
Leave them alone.
Leave them as they are or not at all.
Leave them be.
Leave them for the next day.
Leave them for us.
Leave them here.
Leave them out of this.
Leave them there.
Leave them with me.
Leave them.
Leave things as they are.
Leave things just as they are.
Leave things the way they are.
Leave this area now.
Leave this building at once in case of an earthquake.
Leave this country.
Leave this floor immediately.
Leave this girl alone.
Leave this here.
Leave this hive alone!
Leave this house!
Leave this house.
Leave this penguin alone.
Leave this place.
Leave this room before I finish counting.
Leave this room immediately.
Leave this room. You, too, Mennad.
Leave this sheet blank.
Leave this to me, Tom.
Leave this to me.
Leave those girls alone.
Leave those guys alone.
Leave those here.
Leave those people alone.
Leave those three alone.
Leave tide pool and beach animals where you find them. They die quickly if removed from their home.
Leave together.
Leave tomorrow till tomorrow.
Leave tomorrow.
Leave town.
Leave trans kids alone.
Leave us alone a few minutes.
Leave us alone and we'll leave you alone.
Leave us alone for a few minutes.
Leave us alone for a minute.
Leave us alone for a moment.
Leave us alone! We're happy here.
Leave us alone, please!
Leave us alone, please.
Leave us alone.
Leave us out of it.
Leave us some sentences to translate.
Leave us your number; we'll call you back.
Leave us!
Leave us.
Leave well enough alone.
Leave whenever you want to.
Leave whenever you want.
Leave while you are resplendent.
Leave while you can.
Leave with Jean!
Leave with me tonight.
Leave your belly button piercing alone and let it heal.
Leave your belly button piercing alone during the healing period.
Leave your bicycle. I'll need it.
Leave your brother alone, Ziri.
Leave your brother alone.
Leave your coffee there so it can cool off.
Leave your desk as it is.
Leave your device in the box.
Leave your dog outside.
Leave your drama at the door.
Leave your friend.
Leave your hair free.
Leave your hat and overcoat in the hall.
Leave your hat on.
Leave your heart as it is.
Leave your horses below and we will await you here.
Leave your house.
Leave your ivory tower.
Leave your luggage at the door.
Leave your message after hearing the beep.
Leave your message after the beep.
Leave your number with my secretary.
Leave your phones outside.
Leave your radio at home.
Leave your room as spotless as you can.
Leave your room tidy.
Leave your shoes by the door!
Leave your shoes outside.
Leave your sister alone.
Leave your suitcase here.
Leave your toe nail alone. It's growing back.
Leave your toxic job.
Leave your toxic work environment.
Leave your umbrella at the front door.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
Leave your weapons here.
Leave!
Leave, give me peace.
Leave, please!
Leave, please. Tom doesn't want to see you.
Leave, quickly!
Leave, you deer!
Leave.
Leaves and little branches were hurled about, and the thunder was getting nearer.
Leaves are falling from the trees in parks and gardens.
Leaves are falling.
Leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals.
Leaves begin to fall in October.
Leaves collect on the sidewalk in the fall.
Leaves fall from trees in autumn.
Leaves fall in autumn.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
Leaves fell down every now and then.
Leaves go brown in autumn.
Leaves grow on branches.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
Leaves lay thick over the ground.
Leaves of trees become yellow in autumn.
Leaves play a considerable role in the life of a plant.
Leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall.
Leaves turn red in autumn.
Leaves turn to gold.
Leaves turn yellow in autumn.
Leaves were being disturbed on the forest floor.
Leaves were constantly falling from the trees.
Leaves were dropping silently to the ground.
Leaves were whirling in the air.
Leaves yellow in the fall.
Leaving Australia was the biggest mistake I ever made.
Leaving Boston was the biggest mistake I ever made.
Leaving Boston was the biggest mistake that I ever made.
Leaving Miroslav there seemed to be the best option.
Leaving already?
Leaving an unburied corpse behind is profanity.
Leaving behind is the best thing she does.
Leaving is hard.
Leaving is simply not acceptable.
Leaving or staying, both options are good.
Leaving our comfort zone is quite complicated.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
Leaving tasks unfinished frustrates him.
Leaving the children alone was sheer thoughtlessness.
Leaving the flashlight turned on depletes its batteries.
Leaving the lights on unnecessarily wastes energy and harms the environment.
Leaving the main camp, they went far off.
Leaving the ocean was a mistake.
Leaving the post, he and his companion Niso go to the king.
Leaving the restroom we must wash our hands!
Leaving the room, he bowed to me.
Leaving the room, he turned off the light.
Leaving the station and walking three minutes south, you can already smell an exotic air.
Leaving the train station, I saw a man.
Leaving the wound alone was the best decision.
Leaving trash around is disrespectful to nature and others.
Leaving unattended packages in front of the door is relatively safe in Japan.
Leaving what it means to one side, what's with the high-falutin' language?
Leaving what it means to one side, what’s with the high-falutin’ language?
Leaving your suspicious actions I've seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
Leaving your suspicious actions I’ve seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
Lebanese Energy and Water Minister Cesar Abi Khalil billed it as a temporary but thrifty measure to reduce part of Lebanon's electricity deficit.
Lebanon desperately needs cash flow.
Lebanon doesn't have a president.
Lebanon dollarized its economy.
Lebanon faced economic collapse.
Lebanon has a higher rate of skin cancer than Israel.
Lebanon is a deeply divided country with different sects sharing power.
Lebanon is a republic.
Lebanon is called "Lubnan" in Arabic.
Lebanon is north of Israel.
Lebanon is struggling to survive.
Lebanon is under Iranian occupation.
Lebanon is without a president.
Lebanon needs to get rid of its sectarian system.
Lebanon took on more debt.
Lebanon was called the Switzerland of the Middle East.
Lebanon would fit within Brazil 818 times with room to spare.
Lebanon's borders with Syria and Israel remain unresolved.
Lebanon's currency has collapsed.
Lebanon's root problem lies in its sectarian politics.
Lebanon, which has at least 28 confirmed cases, has closed schools, nightclubs, restaurants and some sports facilities to prevent the virus from spreading further.
Lebkuchen are a traditional German Christmas cookie.
Lech WaÅ‚Ä™sa jumped over the shipyard fence in 1980.
Lech Wałęsa jumped over the shipyard fence in 1980.
Lech is interested in history.
Lecherous men will accuse you of lying when you say she is your niece; and you can not prove the relationship.
Lectures take place frequently.
Led by the prince she moved as lightly as a bubble, and he and every one else marvelled at her graceful gliding gait.
Led by the town's mayor, inspired by bass drums and bagpipes and fortified by homemade plum brandy, they performed a slow "mazhko horo," or men's dance, stomping on the rocky riverbed.
Lederberg had made a name for himself by demonstrating how bacteria exchange genetic information.
Lee 'Scratch' Perry was a pioneer of dub music.
Lee Jae-hoon is standing in the Korean barbecue restaurant he owns in this normally busy office district of Seoul. There are almost no customers.
Lee Leffingwell is the head of the Austin City Council.
Lee Sedol is the world's best Go player.
Lee Sedol was defeated by Google DeepMind's computer program, Alpha Go.
Lee did not agree that the situation was hopeless.
Lee has a small dog named Truman. I once thought it was because the dog was straightforward, like the former U.S. president. In fact, the dog's gold-and-black hair called to mind the colours of the Missouri football team, whose mascot is also named Truman.
Lee is a longtime proponent of UBI.
Lee is known for his silversmithing, which was introduced to the Navajo centuries ago by Spanish colonists. He uses silver to encase the jewels, which in Navajo tradition have a spirit.
Lee is widely seen as the driving force behind Samsung Electronics, known globally for its computer chips, mobile phones, and flatscreen monitors.
Lee knew they would attack with full force the next day.
Lee no longer had a way to supply his troops in Petersburg.
Lee said he could not accept the job.
Lee said those were the conditions he had expected.
Lee was dressed in his finest clothing.
Lee was taking a huge chance.
Lee's army fought off each attack.
Leeches are creatures that feed on blood.
Leeches are parasites.
Leeches are still used in medicine today.
Leeches are still used today for certain treatments.
Leeches do not transmit diseases to humans, but in rare cases they can provoke an allergic reaction.
Leeches suck blood.
Lee’s army fought off each attack.
Leffert said in the midst of the anxieties at work and at home, she is grateful that her daughter is resilient and can spend time free time by herself hanging out with chickens in the backyard, watching construction next door and reading her books.
Left alone, I sometimes feel like crying.
Left alone, he began to read a book.
Left alone, she felt very tired.
Left alone, the baby began to cry.
Left alone, the boy didn't know what to do.
Left alone, the little girl began to cry.
Left is port and right starboard.
Left outside the freezer, the juice will get warm.
Left to explore on her own, Coraline is delighted to discover a tiny secret door hidden by wallpaper.
Left to himself, the child would feel very lonely.
Left to itself, the baby cried itself to sleep.
Left to my own devices, I could probably assemble the whole model kit in under two hours.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Left undisturbed in their secluded habitats, they subsisted by hunting with bows and arrows, fishing and gathering wild fruit. Never large, the tribes' populations have shrunk over the past several decades, in part because of increased contact with outsiders, who carry diseases the tribes can not fend off.
Left-hand threads have now become unusual in machinery but they can still be found on some objects, such as on bicycles' pedals, for instance.
Left-wing communism is an infantile disorder.
Left-wing parties generally use red in their symbols.
Leftover chicken can be stored in the fridge in a sealed container for three or four days.
Leftover chicken can be stored in the fridge in a sealed container for three to four days.
Leftover ingredients are enough.
Leftovers are sufficient.
Leg it!
Leg warmers, LOL.
Legal advice from 8am to 3pm.
Legal age laws exist to safeguard minors.
Legal changes threaten online sales in digital commerce.
Legal experts believe that, given its complexity, the case will be tough for the high school students to win.
Legal frameworks exist to hold war criminals accountable.
Legal help is here.
Legal immigrants to Canada are classified as permanent residents; they may later become citizens.
Legal services will be provided by lawyers and other experts to be appointed by the government.
Legal terminology is not comprehensible to most laypeople.
Legal terminology is usually incomprehensible to non-specialists.
Legalize cannabis.
Legalize catnip!
Legalize crime.
Legalize it!
Legalize marijuana.
Legalize squatting.
Legalizing something isn't always something positive.
Legally, Tom isn't guilty.
Legally, that house doesn't belong to you anymore.
Legally, you are a sock.
Legend has it that America was discovered by Christopher Columbus.
Legend has it that St. Patrick wore green when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland in 461 A.D.
Legend has it that food can be eaten without photographing it.
Legend has it that this house is haunted.
Legendary American singer Lou Reed has died at the age of seventy-one.
Legendary Brazilian player Pelé called football "the beautiful game".
Legendary actor Amitabh Bachchan has been honoured with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award by the Government.
Legends never die.
Legends of vampires flourish in the Balkans.
Legends speak the same language.
Legibility is the politeness of handwriting.
Legionella bacteria are found naturally in freshwater environments, like lakes and streams.
Legions of translators make a living only because they don't speak Esperanto.
Legislation clearly distinguishes between dangerous goods and hazardous materials.
Legislation will transform the approach of the justice system and other agencies to victims of domestic abuse, and minimise the impact of divorce, particularly on children.
Legislators in the Diet are struggling to find a solution to the problem.
Legitimate journalism seeks truth.
Legitimate software applications from leading vendors are carrying an additional unwanted load. Together with their application, some of them change various browser settings as if your browser is theirs. Did you know that AVG, ICQ, Jookz, Babylon, ZoneAlarm, Incredimail just to name a few, tweak your homepage, default search and other settings?
Lego construction toys are some of the most popular toys on the planet.
Leib is studying pharmacology.
Leib lives in Brooklyn.
Leibnitz's philosophy has no answer for us.
Leicester is a city in the East Midlands.
Leicester is pronounced "Lester".
Leif Erikson discovered North America before Christopher Columbus.
Leigh and Laurie will do makeup.
Leigh will go to the shopping centre with Laurie.
Leila lives in Yemen.
Leila was driving a stolen car.
Leipzig are at the top of the league table.
Leipzig is an ancient city.
Leisure has been viewed as a means to an end.
Lejzer Zamenhof is Polish.
Lemaitre proposed that the universe began as a single primordial atom of energy, something hot and dense that exploded, causing space to expand outward.
Lemma 5 cannot be generalized to arbitrary artinian rings.
Lemoine said local authorities restored a more thoughtful form of neighborhood policing, which included training officers on cultural sensitivities.
Lemon and lime are citrus fruits.
Lemon and melon are anagrams.
Lemon and orange trees grew in the garden.
Lemon is sour.
Lemon juice is an example of an acidic liquid.
Lemon tastes sour.
Lemon tea for me, please.
Lemon tea without sugar, please.
Lemon water for table five, please.
Lemon-flavored chocolate is too delicious.
Lemongrass is an essential ingredient in Thai cooking.
Lemons and limes are acidic fruits.
Lemons and limes are citrus fruits.
Lemons and pink grapefruits are next to the bottle.
Lemons are a good source of Vitamin C.
Lemons are citrus fruits.
Lemons are sour.
Lemons are the typical fruit of Italy's Amalfi Coast.
Lemons are usually sour.
Lemons are yellow.
Lemons can do a lot for our health.
Lemons contain citric acid.
Lemons grow on lemon trees and oranges on orange trees.
Lemons planted in pots are smaller than those planted in the ground.
Lemons taste sour.
Lemuria was a proposed "lost continent" theorized to be located somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Lemurs are native to Madagascar.
Lemurs are not monkeys.
Lemurs are primates.
Lemurs aren't monkeys.
Lena can become quite a clown when she has an appreciative audience.
Lena is reading a teen magazine.
Lena thinks Max's jokes are funny as hell.
Lend a hand with these parcels, please.
Lend a helping hand? Ha, even my chickens make better jokes. Why should I help someone to whom I don't owe anything?
Lend an ear to this melody if it suits you!
Lend her a needle.
Lend him as much money as he needs.
Lend it to Tom.
Lend it to him.
Lend it to me too!
Lend me a couple of dollars.
Lend me a hand with this, will you?
Lend me a hand.
Lend me a knife with which to peel this pear.
Lend me a memo pad or something.
Lend me a pen, will you?
Lend me a pen.
Lend me a pencil.
Lend me a tool set please.
Lend me as much money as you can.
Lend me one of your pens.
Lend me some books to read.
Lend me some money if you have any.
Lend me some money, if you have any.
Lend me some money.
Lend me something interesting to read.
Lend me something to cut this with.
Lend me something with which to cut the string.
Lend me something with which to cut this.
Lend me that.
Lend me the binoculars so I can see it better.
Lend me the car.
Lend me the spyglass, that I may see better.
Lend me thirty euros.
Lend me twenty euros.
Lend me what money you can.
Lend me your bicycle.
Lend me your book a moment.
Lend me your book for a moment.
Lend me your book, please.
Lend me your car for tomorrow.
Lend me your car tomorrow.
Lend me your car.
Lend me your comb for a minute, will you?
Lend me your dictionary, please.
Lend me your dog.
Lend me your ears!
Lend me your ears.
Lend me your knife, please.
Lend me your pen, please.
Lend me your pen.
Lend me €20.
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
Lend one of your pens to me.
Lend that to me.
Lend us a hand.
Lend your friend money. Borrow money from your foe.
Lend your money and lose your friend.
Lending Tom money was a huge mistake.
Lending Tom my motorcycle was a mistake.
Lending money to such a fellow is as good as throwing it away.
Lending spoils relationships.
Length is a physical quantity.
Length, mass and time are the three fundamental quantities in physics.
Lenin claimed that there was no better Bolshevik than Trotsky.
Lenin is not comparable to any revolutionary figure in history. Revolutionaries have had ideals. Lenin has none.
Lenin learned German from books--in prison--"breaking the back of the language at the outset" by memorizing all the nouns. He was incensed when no-one in Germany could understand him.
Lenin legalized abortion and homosexuality, but Stalin criminalized them again.
Lenin ordered them to rebel.
Lenin was a mushroom.
Lenin was a revisionist.
Lenin was sent into Russia by the Germans in the same way that you might send a phial containing a culture of typhoid or cholera to be poured into the water supply of a great city, and it worked with amazing accuracy.
Lenin wasn't Jewish by any definition.
Lenin wasn't afraid to admit his mistakes.
Lenses of rock crystal were used to concentrate the rays of the sun for cauterizing wounds and also to light fires, especially sacrificial ones.
Lenses with two distinct optical powers are also called "bifocals".
Lent begins on Ash Wednesday.
Lent is an important time for Catholics.
Lent is becoming popular with people in the formerly Communist country, and many restaurants are trying to cater to their taste.
Lent is important to Catholics.
Lentils are a good ground beef substitute.
Lentils are a good source of protein.
Lentils are a good substitute for ground beef.
Lentils are among the best sources of plant proteins.
Leo Messi is a footballer.
Leo Messi is a soccer player.
Leo Tolstoy built a school and founded a libertarian pedagogy among whose principles was respect for oneself and one's own kind.
Leo Tolstoy built a school and founded a libertarian pedagogy whose principles included respect for oneself and one's own kind.
Leo Tolstoy had a great beard.
Leo Tolstoy was a vegetarian.
Leo is cooking cow tongue.
Leo is cooking eggs.
Leo is cooking meat.
Leo is cooking pork.
Leo is cooking some peanuts.
Leo is making leche flan.
Leo played the violin beautifully.
Leo sang a lullaby.
Leo started to roar when he was two years old.
Leo was my friend, a Filipino from the Ilocos region; he taught me things about the sect of the Jehovah's Witnesses. He spoke Ilokano, Tagalog, and English.
Leo's friends have to walk along the river.
Leo's friends walk along the avenue.
Leo's travelling to Venus.
Leon accelerated.
Leon accepted Rima’s offer to come with her to her apartment.
Leon adamantly refused Rima’s help and ordered her to leave.
Leon admired the view of the lake below.
Leon advised Rima to seek professional help.
Leon advised his students to focus on asking more questions.
Leon allowed his dog to escape and attack Amelia's dog.
Leon and Amelia both looked at each other and knew they had to do that.
Leon and Amelia both saw the woman and were pretty sure they weren't seeing things.
Leon and Amelia froze and locked eyes for a moment.
Leon and Amelia locked eyes for nearly five seconds.
Leon and Amelia looked at each other nervously.
Leon and Amelia made eye contact for a second.
Leon and Amelia started dating again.
Leon and Amelia stopped talking.
Leon and Amelia talk every night.
Leon and Amelia usually go out together on weekends.
Leon and Amelia was joking about the incident.
Leon and Amelia were inseparable most of the time.
Leon and Amelia were talking in very low voices.
Leon and Amelia were whispering to each other.
Leon and Rima ended their relationship.
Leon and Rima have intimacy problems.
Leon and Rima’s relationship continued to crumble.
Leon and Walid were going to be sharing a room.
Leon and five more high schoolers were walking together.
Leon and his friends decided to hold a Zoom reunion.
Leon and his friends lost contact with each other.
Leon and his friends played drinking games.
Leon and his friends were goofing around.
Leon and his mischievous friends had a Saturday night ding-dong ditch session.
Leon and the kids were playing on the floor.
Leon apologized again.
Leon apologized to Rima for what happened.
Leon appeared at his front window.
Leon approached Rima and invited her to a party.
Leon approached the stop light.
Leon arrived to the theater to get Amelia out of there.
Leon asked Amelia if John was home.
Leon asked Amelia if she knew anything about fixing an engine.
Leon asked Amelia questions in a very concerned tone.
Leon asked Amelia to sleep there for a night or two.
Leon asked Amelia what was wrong with her webcam.
Leon asked Amelia where Walid was.
Leon asked Amelia why she didn't show him her face.
Leon asked Rima if she loved him.
Leon asked Rima to never give up.
Leon asked Rima what she used the device for.
Leon asked Rima why she shared her secret with Walid and not with him.
Leon asked Rima why she was supervising him.
Leon asked for Amelia's name.
Leon asked the manager to fetch the files.
Leon asked the police to get there fast.
Leon asked to leave immediately.
Leon asked where Amelia was.
Leon ate peanut butter.
Leon attempted to kiss Rima.
Leon attended another party.
Leon banged on Amelia's door.
Leon barely knew Rima.
Leon barricaded the windows.
Leon became more enamored with Rima.
Leon began fearing for his life.
Leon began to beg Amelia to come see him.
Leon began to doze off.
Leon began to kick the door down.
Leon began to smack his hands against Amelia's car windows.
Leon began to sprint towards his house.
Leon began walking through the little kitchen.
Leon begged Amelia to never talk about that.
Leon begged Rima not to leave.
Leon begged Rima to stay there for a while.
Leon bent down slowly to pick the pillow up.
Leon broke into Amelia's house to kill her that night.
Leon brought the broom and bucket into the storage den.
Leon called 911 and reported Amelia.
Leon called Amelia disgusting piglet.
Leon called Amelia into his basement.
Leon called Rima’s phone but she didn’t answer.
Leon called for Amelia throughout the whole building.
Leon called the cops that second.
Leon called the police and reported the dead body in the abandoned house.
Leon called the ring evil.
Leon came across an RV.
Leon came back out.
Leon came hurrying down from his front porch.
Leon came on a rainy Thursday.
Leon came on a stormy dark day.
Leon came out with a rifle in his hands.
Leon came over every other weekend.
Leon came to Amelia's place to pick the TV up.
Leon came to campus again.
Leon came wandering into the lobby.
Leon can talk to Amelia on the phone.
Leon can't tell for sure.
Leon can’t forcibly wake Rima up.
Leon can’t put the other crew members in danger.
Leon caught up to Amelia, out of breath.
Leon caught up to his group.
Leon changed his voice.
Leon changed into the Santa suit.
Leon checked all the places he checked before.
Leon checked his little brother's room first.
Leon checked the boys' locker.
Leon checked the stairway and Amelia wasn't there either.
Leon checked the windows.
Leon checked under the bed.
Leon cheerfully said hi to everyone.
Leon claimed Amelia was fine.
Leon claimed he didn't have Amelia's phone.
Leon claimed that John was harassing him.
Leon cleaned the hallway.
Leon climbed back down quickly.
Leon climbed inside the room.
Leon collided with the tractor.
Leon consulted with the computer on how to treat his depression.
Leon contacted the authorities again.
Leon contemplated killing himself.
Leon continued fighting back.
Leon could have left the meeting right there and then.
Leon could use the broom as a weapon if needed.
Leon couldn't come with Amelia, so she was on her own.
Leon couldn't do laundry anymore.
Leon couldn't even be 100% certain that person was a man.
Leon couldn't make it to the light switch.
Leon couldn't see Amelia anymore.
Leon couldn't track his phone or disable it.
Leon covered his ears, trying to shut the sound out.
Leon crawled back inside the car.
Leon crawled out of the stall.
Leon crawled under the sidewall into the next stall.
Leon created a new operating system.
Leon crushed the monster’s skull.
Leon cut through a dense forest.
Leon decided to hide in the bathroom.
Leon decided to run.
Leon decided to switch degrees.
Leon decided to throw the old TV away.
Leon decided to walk home with Rima.
Leon deleted the video.
Leon demanded to know where the creature went.
Leon described the man to the cops.
Leon desperately called his friends for help.
Leon desperately wanted to see that movie.
Leon did just that.
Leon did nothing to deserve Rima’s obedience.
Leon did some research about possible recent kidnappings.
Leon did something very dumb.
Leon didn't attend the meeting due to prior engagements.
Leon didn't even know what time it was.
Leon didn't even show interest in checking.
Leon didn't expect to see a single soul in the store past eight o'clock.
Leon didn't explain what happened.
Leon didn't get a response to his hello.
Leon didn't go down to check.
Leon didn't have any photos of himself on Facebook.
Leon didn't have as much time.
Leon didn't have his phone on him anymore.
Leon didn't hear the announcement.
Leon didn't leave the theater.
Leon didn't lock the door.
Leon didn't report Amelia.
Leon didn't respond to his friend's text.
Leon didn't say hello.
Leon didn't scream or call for help.
Leon didn't see Amelia anywhere.
Leon didn't see Amelia for the rest of the day.
Leon didn't see Amelia leave the classroom.
Leon didn't see a single employee.
Leon didn't smile.
Leon didn't tell his mom, of course.
Leon didn't think he would be in any real danger.
Leon didn't work there much longer.
Leon didn’t mean to hurt Rima.
Leon didn’t really like Rima.
Leon disconnected from the device.
Leon discovered how poor Rima’s situation was.
Leon dodged a bullet.
Leon doesn't care if anyone judges him.
Leon doesn't know how the incident really ended.
Leon doesn't know if the head was real or not.
Leon doesn't know much about cars.
Leon doesn't want what Amelia was planning on doing to him.
Leon doesn’t want to be eaten by a monster.
Leon drank some water and ate.
Leon dressed up as Santa Claus.
Leon drives without locking his car doors.
Leon dropped his rifle.
Leon drove around the area, searching for Amelia.
Leon drove further away.
Leon drove home in a panic.
Leon emerged from the darkness.
Leon ended up easily falling for Rima’s tricks.
Leon enjoyed his new life.
Leon entered Rima’s mind again.
Leon entered Rima’s mind.
Leon entered the men's bathroom down the hall.
Leon entered through the back door.
Leon eventually kissed Rima.
Leon eventually told Rima his name.
Leon examined the TV.
Leon expected Amelia to call back at any moment.
Leon expected a call from Amelia at five pm.
Leon expected to see Amelia.
Leon feels free.
Leon fell asleep around half an hour after Amelia.
Leon fell asleep before Amelia.
Leon fell into depression.
Leon fell onto his bed.
Leon felt a sharp pain from an open fracture in his leg.
Leon felt alone.
Leon felt like he was losing his mind.
Leon felt terrible for Amelia.
Leon fiercely banged on the door.
Leon finally joined.
Leon finally told Rima that he loved her.
Leon finally went back inside.
Leon finds that area pretty scary.
Leon finished his assignments.
Leon firmly squeezed Amelia's hand and started walking much faster.
Leon fixed the radio and called Rima.
Leon flew off the handle.
Leon flirtatiously asked Rima to repeat that, but she refused.
Leon followed Amelia's boot marks.
Leon followed suit.
Leon followed the boot marks to the cabin.
Leon followed the man up the road.
Leon forced himself on Rima.
Leon fought with the creature.
Leon found Amelia standing in the parking lot.
Leon found Amelia's bike in the park.
Leon found Rima dead on the ground.
Leon found Rima trying to help Walid.
Leon found an envelope.
Leon found that Rima was missing.
Leon found that suspicious.
Leon found the fridge empty.
Leon found the perfect hiding spot.
Leon freaked Amelia out with his story.
Leon freaked out and ran out of the door.
Leon freaked out and ran upstairs.
Leon gave Amelia one last glare.
Leon gave Rima permission to take the week off.
Leon gave the police Amelia's phone number.
Leon gently touched Rima’s face to make her smile.
Leon got Amelia out of the locker.
Leon got Rima a bigger house.
Leon got back into the movie.
Leon got much closer.
Leon got out of the trunk.
Leon got stabbed at the party.
Leon got the plate number of the blue van.
Leon got to Amelia's door.
Leon got up and left the theater.
Leon got up and left.
Leon got up during a slow part of the movie to go to the bathroom.
Leon grabbed his backpack and ran out the front door.
Leon had Amelia's backpack.
Leon had COVID and couldn't see Amelia.
Leon had a big kitchen knife in his hand.
Leon had a confused look on his face.
Leon had a really small family.
Leon had a sudden urge to go to the bathroom.
Leon had a twin brother who died before birth.
Leon had a very expensive video game collection.
Leon had camera footage.
Leon had flashbacks.
Leon had his hands covering his mouth.
Leon had just bought a new TV.
Leon had no idea how that could have happened.
Leon had no idea what Amelia wanted him to do.
Leon had no more milk in the fridge.
Leon had nothing to do.
Leon had the police come investigate his house.
Leon had to do all the lifting himself.
Leon had to drive alone.
Leon had to go to the office.
Leon has a medium-size dog.
Leon has a now inactive YouTube channel.
Leon has been drinking all night.
Leon has been watching Amelia for more than an hour from that closet.
Leon has heard the same thing numerous times.
Leon has his own bathroom down there.
Leon has just escaped a mental asylum.
Leon has just gotten home an hour ago.
Leon has never been too involved.
Leon has never seen Amelia flying off the handle like that.
Leon has taken control of Rima’s mind.
Leon hasn't cut his hair in at least a year.
Leon hates Rima’s poor hygiene.
Leon headed home to eat peanut butter.
Leon headed to Alpha Centauri.
Leon headed to his room.
Leon heard Amelia come to his side of the bed.
Leon heard Amelia get out of bed.
Leon heard Amelia open the hood.
Leon heard Amelia's brother say something.
Leon heard Amelia's footsteps again.
Leon heard Amelia's voice from across the street yelling: "Run!"
Leon heard Rima talking about a camp.
Leon heard a couple shots.
Leon heard a creak.
Leon heard a creature growling in the woods.
Leon heard a freakish giggle sound.
Leon heard a slight exhale from behind the couch.
Leon heard a sound from behind.
Leon heard a thud from the living room and it gave him chills.
Leon heard a weird tapping noise coming from one of the aisles.
Leon heard a window break downstairs.
Leon heard creaking on the balcony outside.
Leon heard heavy breathing.
Leon heard heavy, slow footsteps outside his room.
Leon heard his little brother call him from down the hall.
Leon heard something behind him.
Leon heard the backyard gate slam shut.
Leon heard the creaking and it started to freak him out.
Leon heard the door knob start to turn.
Leon heard the front door to the theater pull open with force.
Leon heard the garage door opening.
Leon heard the sound of a child giggling.
Leon helped Rima be with Walid.
Leon helped Rima try out the device.
Leon helped Rima understand Walid.
Leon helped Rima write the essay.
Leon hid behind one of the boilers.
Leon hid in a bathroom stall.
Leon hid in a bush in front of the house.
Leon hid in the corner stall.
Leon hijacked Rima’s mind.
Leon hit the monster.
Leon honked his horn to get Rima’s attention.
Leon hung up the phone on Amelia.
Leon hurried out of the theater.
Leon hurried to the front of the store.
Leon hurried up with the sweeping.
Leon hurriedly reloaded his gun.
Leon ignored Amelia's text.
Leon immediately knocked the door down and came in.
Leon informed Amelia of a YouTube channel he discovered John had.
Leon insisted on leaving.
Leon installed cameras everywhere.
Leon intended to commit murder.
Leon invaded Rima’s mind.
Leon invented a device that allows him to go into another person’s mind.
Leon invited Rima to coffee.
Leon invited Rima to hang out.
Leon is a dummy.
Leon is a man in his forties.
Leon is a retired Toronto police officer.
Leon is a social engineer.
Leon is a wealthy student.
Leon is a white male in his mid-forties.
Leon is already chosen.
Leon is an advanced user.
Leon is caring for his elderly parents.
Leon is caring for his parents full-time now.
Leon is doing everything he can to keep Rima in line.
Leon is finally awake.
Leon is not going to the movies.
Leon is not really into Star Trek.
Leon is one of the younger ones at the office.
Leon is out for alleged good behavior.
Leon is recovering from multiple injuries.
Leon is the oldest of five.
Leon is used to working alone.
Leon is using nonsense in order to justify a point that isn't there.
Leon is using that to his advantage.
Leon isn’t around.
Leon joined Rima for breakfast.
Leon jumped off the bed and began to pace around.
Leon just instructed the maid to clean the bedroom.
Leon just joked about it.
Leon just told a few friends and that was it.
Leon kept getting up and switching seats.
Leon kept on walking.
Leon kept switching seats for a better view.
Leon kept switching seats.
Leon killed the creature.
Leon kissed his android.
Leon knew Amelia was in the room.
Leon knew Amelia wasn't lying.
Leon knew it was Amelia making the noise.
Leon knew it would be Amelia again.
Leon knew someone was actually there.
Leon knocked on the door, but no one answered.
Leon knows Amelia is with John.
Leon knows where Amelia lives for sure.
Leon laughed about it.
Leon laughed because it was the polite thing to do.
Leon learnt a dire lesson.
Leon left Rima relieved.
Leon left Rima some food.
Leon left Rima unable to speak.
Leon left his backpack at Amelia's house.
Leon left his phone on the nightstand.
Leon left the TV in his bedroom on.
Leon left the apartment in a hurry.
Leon left the blinds to the door open.
Leon left the door open by mistake.
Leon left the group.
Leon left the movie halfway through.
Leon left the window open.
Leon left to finish the experiment.
Leon let Amelia into his disgusting home.
Leon let go of Amelia and ran into the woods.
Leon likely had a license to carry a gun.
Leon likes avoiding crowds.
Leon listened again.
Leon lit a flare.
Leon lived in a wealthier district.
Leon lives fifty minutes away from Amelia.
Leon lives in Brooklyn.
Leon lives in a safe neighborhood.
Leon loaded the TV in the back of Amelia's pickup truck.
Leon loaded the TV into his car.
Leon locked his car doors.
Leon locked the back door.
Leon locked the door behind him and ran to the phone to call the cops.
Leon looked all his doors and windows.
Leon looked down that row and saw Amelia.
Leon looked lifeless.
Leon looked like he was going to attack Amelia.
Leon looked throw the little crack under the door and saw Amelia's feet.
Leon lost control of the vehicle.
Leon made Amelia even more uncomfortable.
Leon made a call to the theater and asked for a refund.
Leon made his escape before the police got there.
Leon made it to the first floor.
Leon maintained a close distance behind Amelia.
Leon managed to adapt.
Leon managed to complete his mission to Mars.
Leon managed to get out of bed.
Leon met Amelia at that address.
Leon met his girlfriend's family on the weekend.
Leon met many new friends through Amelia.
Leon moved away from the window.
Leon moved closer to Amelia.
Leon moved down a row.
Leon moved to a new city.
Leon moved to a new town and changed his number.
Leon moved to the seat directly next to him.
Leon moved to the side of the window.
Leon muted the TV and listened.
Leon muttered something.
Leon needed a minifridge to store beers in his office.
Leon needed to be warm to sleep.
Leon needed to call his manager.
Leon needed to get this out.
Leon needed to run.
Leon needs to be an advanced user in order to do it.
Leon needs to be observed constantly.
Leon needs to cut expenses.
Leon needs to find an easier target.
Leon needs to make more money.
Leon needs to view the car.
Leon needs to wait a little longer.
Leon nervously paced around his apartment.
Leon never answered the door.
Leon never asked what happened.
Leon never crossed the street.
Leon never planned to meet Amelia again.
Leon never replied.
Leon never spoke to his manager again.
Leon never talked to Amelia again after.
Leon never thought anything like that would happen.
Leon never told the teacher in fear of getting in trouble.
Leon never used Craigslist after that.
Leon nudged Amelia and she turned around.
Leon offered Rima a ride but she refused.
Leon offered Rima some help.
Leon once lived in that town.
Leon only lives about five minutes away.
Leon only saw half Amelia's face.
Leon only smiled at Rima in response.
Leon opened the blind to let some light in.
Leon opened the heavy basement door.
Leon ordered Amelia to leave.
Leon picked us up from school.
Leon played some console games like Call of Duty.
Leon playfully told Amelia to stop.
Leon posted a Panasonic TV on Craigslist.
Leon prefers personal stories.
Leon prepared for the journey.
Leon prepared to leave with his mother.
Leon prepared to shoot.
Leon pretended to be absorbed in his phone.
Leon pulled Amelia back inside.
Leon pulled up behind Amelia's car.
Leon pulled up into the parking lot.
Leon pulled up to the back parking lot of the school.
Leon purchased a minifridge on Craigslist.
Leon pushed Rima into having a child.
Leon pushed the door open very quietly.
Leon put himself in danger with that reckless act.
Leon put the pillow on his bed.
Leon questioned how Rima knew Walid.
Leon quickly left.
Leon quietly waited for the creature to approach.
Leon ran back into the school.
Leon ran into his mom's room and locked the door.
Leon ran into the woods, following Amelia's screams for help.
Leon ran over Amelia's foot.
Leon ran the red light.
Leon ran to the front desk to report the robbery.
Leon ran to the front desk.
Leon rang the bell again.
Leon rang the bell once again and ran for it.
Leon rang the doorbell, but he didn't know if it rang or not.
Leon reached over and pulled the curtain shut.
Leon reached the door.
Leon realized Amelia saw him.
Leon realized that Amelia noticed him.
Leon realized there was another person in the room.
Leon really liked Amelia a lot.
Leon received an A on his essay.
Leon recovered from his injuries.
Leon reentered the Zoom meeting.
Leon regretted not getting pictures while inside that room.
Leon relaxed in bed.
Leon reluctantly agreed.
Leon remained in his room.
Leon remembered he left the pasta boiling for too long.
Leon remembers the day that he met Rima.
Leon reported that the ship was stable.
Leon reported the incident to the chaperones.
Leon resumed watching TV.
Leon retrieved his firearm.
Leon returned to university.
Leon revealed that the purpose of the conversation is to learn how to ask questions in Berber.
Leon risked getting shot or stabbed.
Leon runs the world’s largest company.
Leon rushed back to the concession stand.
Leon said he didn’t need Rima.
Leon said hello a bunch of time, but there was no response.
Leon said that wasn’t true.
Leon sat down five seats from Amelia.
Leon sat in silence in the room.
Leon sat on the couch.
Leon sat there for a while.
Leon sat up and looked at the window.
Leon sat up and whispered Amelia's name to see if she was awake.
Leon sat up once again to listen.
Leon saw Amelia standing there.
Leon saw Amelia through the glass.
Leon saw Amelia's Ford Focus.
Leon saw a couple drops of blood on the floor.
Leon saw a gun sticking out of John's pocket.
Leon saw a hole in the ground.
Leon saw a man out there.
Leon saw a pair of eyes staring back at him from that dark room.
Leon saw a person's face in the dark room.
Leon saw a vehicle behind him.
Leon saw movement behind Amelia.
Leon scanned the aisles for trash.
Leon screamed at the top of his lungs.
Leon screamed for Amelia to run.
Leon screamed like a mad man.
Leon screenshotted Amelia's face.
Leon searched for something.
Leon seemed off.
Leon seemed way off.
Leon sensed Rima’s hesitation.
Leon sent Amelia a bunch of emojis.
Leon set Rima free.
Leon set up the robot’s behavioral parameters.
Leon shined a light into the dark room.
Leon shined his flashlight into the room.
Leon shook Walid's hand and patted him on the back.
Leon shook his head no.
Leon shot Rima in the chest.
Leon shot the creature.
Leon shouldn't go to that address.
Leon shouted: "Police!"
Leon showed the cops the video footage.
Leon showed up at the door with a camera.
Leon showed up to save Amelia.
Leon shrugged it off.
Leon shut the android down.
Leon shut the blinds.
Leon skipped class.
Leon slammed a locker door.
Leon slipped on his shoes and jacket and went outside to check.
Leon snuck down to the basement and hid.
Leon sold the old TV on Craigslist.
Leon sounded normal over the phone.
Leon sounded so different.
Leon spent hours rolling around in his bed, trying to get comfortable.
Leon spoke in a very concerned voice.
Leon spoke in a very demanding voice.
Leon spoke very few words to Amelia.
Leon sprinted at Amelia.
Leon sprinted away into the night.
Leon stared at Amelia as he walked past.
Leon stared at all of us.
Leon stared at the picture.
Leon stared in Amelia's direction.
Leon started breaking Rima’s stuff.
Leon started breathing really heavily.
Leon started charging at Amelia.
Leon started hearing footsteps outside his room.
Leon started making groaning sounds.
Leon started rubbing Amelia's arm a little.
Leon started screaming help.
Leon started shouting, making his presence known.
Leon started speaking to Amelia in a whisper.
Leon started to get creeped out.
Leon started to put things together.
Leon started vacuuming the hall.
Leon started walking around the aisles, looking for his son.
Leon started walking out of the theater.
Leon stayed an extra half hour at work.
Leon stayed around as the authorities took the intruder out in chains.
Leon stayed clear of it.
Leon stayed put in his seat.
Leon stayed there in the backyard.
Leon stayed until the movie was over.
Leon stayed up the rest of the night.
Leon stayed up, playing horror games.
Leon stepped on the wood floor.
Leon stepped out a little further.
Leon stepped out of the blue van.
Leon still couldn't tell if Amelia was looking directly at him or not.
Leon still didn't know what was going on.
Leon stole five million dinars worth of items.
Leon stopped cleaning to go back to the counter.
Leon stopped in his tracks when he saw Amelia.
Leon struggled to his feet.
Leon studied the alien’s body.
Leon suddenly came up behind Amelia.
Leon survived and escaped.
Leon swept the floors.
Leon talk to a friend about the accident.
Leon tasered John, he fell and started to shake violently.
Leon texted Amelia and John individually.
Leon texted Amelia, asking for details.
Leon texted Amelia, then called her.
Leon thinks that his android is developing its own personality.
Leon thought Amelia was joking around.
Leon thought an animal got into the house.
Leon threatened to kill Amelia if she didn't give him all she had on her.
Leon threw a fit.
Leon told 911 to go to Amelia's address immediately.
Leon told Amelia about a new app called Zoom.
Leon told Amelia everything that went down.
Leon told Amelia he lost his phone.
Leon told Amelia that those were not pictures of his.
Leon told Amelia to calm down.
Leon told Amelia to get out of his place.
Leon told Amelia to go outside.
Leon told Amelia to remain calm.
Leon told Amelia to wait there.
Leon told Rima he hated her.
Leon told Rima to choose between him and Walid.
Leon told Rima to hurry back.
Leon took Amelia back to her group.
Leon took Rima into a room.
Leon took a few steps into the room, paused, and then left.
Leon took a mythology class.
Leon took advantage of the situation.
Leon took his firearm.
Leon took one of his old baseball bats with him and went outside to check.
Leon took out his bag of sweets.
Leon took out his cellphone and called 911.
Leon took the gun and shot without blinking.
Leon took us on a field trip to an old Kabyle village.
Leon tried calling Amelia again and she picked up.
Leon tried calling Amelia, but her phone was off.
Leon tried calling Amelia, but it seemed that her phone went off.
Leon tried calling the theater that same light.
Leon tried his best to ignore Amelia.
Leon tried the handle and saw the door was locked.
Leon tried to distract the creature.
Leon tried to drink some alcohol to calm his nerves.
Leon tried to flirt with Rima.
Leon tried to make things work.
Leon tried to reason with Amelia.
Leon tried to remove Amelia from the Zoom meeting.
Leon turned all the lights on.
Leon turned and walked down the hallway back to the stairs.
Leon turned around and asked Amelia what she was doing.
Leon turned around out of curiosity.
Leon turned around to look.
Leon turned off the TV and went to bed.
Leon turned on Rima and demanded who she was.
Leon turned on the TV just as background noise.
Leon turned the lamp on.
Leon unhooked himself from the device.
Leon unloaded the TV.
Leon used recreational substances.
Leon used the broom as a weapon.
Leon used the device.
Leon used the gun he had managed to pick up.
Leon used to have a friend named Walid.
Leon uses the device too often.
Leon usually went late on weekends to get the whole theater for himself.
Leon vaguely remembers Amelia introducing herself as Rima.
Leon vanished from under the spotlight.
Leon visited Rima in her apartment.
Leon waited for the effects.
Leon waited till everyone was gone.
Leon walked Amelia back to the parking lot.
Leon walked away from Amelia.
Leon walked back inside.
Leon walked behind the counter.
Leon walked closer to the corpses.
Leon walked down a small hallway to the bathroom.
Leon walked down the candy aisle.
Leon walked fast to the lobby.
Leon walked into the cafe.
Leon walked out of the door.
Leon walked out the front door.
Leon walked quickly to his house.
Leon walked to the basement door.
Leon walked to the center of his lawn and just stood there.
Leon walked up the stairs and out of the building.
Leon walked upstairs to his room.
Leon wanted to attend that college.
Leon wanted to eliminate all witnesses to the experiment.
Leon wanted to have sex with his android.
Leon wanted to improve his mental health.
Leon wanted to interact with the android.
Leon wanted to leave town.
Leon wanted to puke.
Leon wanted to scream for help.
Leon wanted to show Amelia that he was annoyed by that.
Leon wanted to talk to Rima privately.
Leon wanted to warn Amelia.
Leon wanted to watch more TV.
Leon warned Rima of the consequences.
Leon was a junkie.
Leon was a really socially awkward dude.
Leon was a row closer to Amelia.
Leon was a skeptical person.
Leon was a vegetarian.
Leon was about to go inside.
Leon was across the room, sitting on a bench.
Leon was acting weird.
Leon was addicted to his PlayStation.
Leon was afraid to stay in the theater alone.
Leon was all appalled.
Leon was all worried and scared.
Leon was almost out of gas.
Leon was an average-size man.
Leon was an hour and a half away from Amelia.
Leon was approaching so fast.
Leon was around forty at the time.
Leon was as carefree as a child could be.
Leon was at the end of the first aisle.
Leon was bald and had a goatee.
Leon was caring for his parents.
Leon was chanting something in some unknown language.
Leon was clearly not from here.
Leon was completely hidden from Amelia's view.
Leon was considering quitting over that incident.
Leon was controlling Rima.
Leon was convinced that was a supernatural occurrence.
Leon was delighted to be with Rima.
Leon was determined to kill Rima.
Leon was determined to survive.
Leon was directly behind Amelia.
Leon was down in the basement that night.
Leon was dressed as Santa.
Leon was dressed like a bum.
Leon was dressing up as Santa.
Leon was either bald or wearing some sort of skin-tight cap.
Leon was excited about the revelation.
Leon was facing Amelia like a stiff statue.
Leon was facing the door.
Leon was fascinated by the tall archaic brick buildings.
Leon was filling up his truck.
Leon was five aisles down.
Leon was focused on the TV.
Leon was following Amelia closely behind.
Leon was getting closer and closer.
Leon was getting closer and clother.
Leon was getting excited for his shift to end.
Leon was glaring at Amelia deeply.
Leon was glaring hatefully at Amelia.
Leon was going to leave when the phone rang.
Leon was happy with that.
Leon was hauntingly standing there.
Leon was having a bit of trouble sleeping.
Leon was having a mental health episode.
Leon was having dinner with his parents.
Leon was hearing something coming from behind him.
Leon was hidden under Amelia's bed.
Leon was hiding in the den.
Leon was hiding under a carpet.
Leon was holding a knife.
Leon was home alone with his brother.
Leon was in Amelia's apartment.
Leon was in a dead silent room.
Leon was in another basement classroom.
Leon was in graduate school at the time.
Leon was in the fifth row.
Leon was in the football locker room.
Leon was in the guest room.
Leon was in the office directly on top of Amelia.
Leon was in the room directly above Amelia.
Leon was intentionally shaking the curtain.
Leon was interested in Amelia's TV.
Leon was into that kind of stuff.
Leon was just going to the bathroom.
Leon was just happy to get out of there.
Leon was just messing with Amelia.
Leon was just reading a book.
Leon was just too much of a coward.
Leon was laying on the floor.
Leon was leaving the bar with a girl.
Leon was looking at his lap.
Leon was looking behind him in fear and alarm.
Leon was looking into the camera.
Leon was looking to burgle Amelia's house.
Leon was looking to buy his first car.
Leon was losing his mind.
Leon was luckily still awake.
Leon was making small noises.
Leon was next to the car, waving his hands in the air.
Leon was offline.
Leon was on an empty road.
Leon was on his knees.
Leon was only kidding.
Leon was out of that house so fast that he didn't even remember running.
Leon was out of there by midnight.
Leon was passed out in Amelia's bed.
Leon was paying for a house for Amelia to live in.
Leon was peeking under the curtain.
Leon was pissed about it.
Leon was playing Minecraft on his computer.
Leon was pretty stressed out.
Leon was programmed to say that.
Leon was purposely trying to fight Walid.
Leon was pushed into the trunk.
Leon was quite angry that Amelia wasn't there.
Leon was quite far back from Amelia's group.
Leon was quite self-conscious.
Leon was ready to use his gun on anyone.
Leon was really big and had a stalky build.
Leon was really scared.
Leon was recording Amelia in the park.
Leon was removed from the Zoom call.
Leon was riding his bike in circles.
Leon was riding his bike shirtless.
Leon was rolling around for hours in his bed.
Leon was searching for resources to help him to survive.
Leon was secretly recording Amelia in the park.
Leon was seen going to the movie theater alone.
Leon was severely depressed.
Leon was shocked to see nobody behind him.
Leon was sitting in a chair in the corner of the room.
Leon was sitting the closest to the edge.
Leon was sixteen in his junior year of high school.
Leon was smart enough to go home before the snow accumulated.
Leon was so naive when he was a teenager.
Leon was so unsure.
Leon was squatting down, as if he was trying to hide.
Leon was standing on the other side of the door.
Leon was startled.
Leon was still feeling a bit sick.
Leon was still sitting in the same position.
Leon was still too nervous to move.
Leon was still very shaken.
Leon was supposed to make his presence as a police officer known.
Leon was sure he lost the cops.
Leon was taking off his boots.
Leon was talking to a random girl he found online.
Leon was tasked with a seemingly impossible task.
Leon was texting on his phone.
Leon was the host of the Zoom meeting.
Leon was the only one in the theater.
Leon was too afraid to move.
Leon was too shaken up to say anything.
Leon was too shy to ask for help.
Leon was trapped inside of a locker.
Leon was trying to better see into the car.
Leon was trying to contact anyone he could.
Leon was trying to fix his computer.
Leon was trying to get Amelia to his van.
Leon was under his bed.
Leon was uttering threats to kill Amelia.
Leon was utterly frustrated that no one was answering his calls.
Leon was very clearly trying to hide.
Leon was waiting for Amelia to get up.
Leon was waiting for Amelia to walk through.
Leon was walking around everywhere.
Leon was walking back and forth.
Leon was walking on the wood floor, causing a creaking sound.
Leon was walking towards the crosswalk.
Leon was walking very fast.
Leon was watching the buses pass.
Leon was wearing a dark hoodie.
Leon was wearing baggy jeans and black boots.
Leon was whispering into the phone.
Leon was working at CBS.
Leon was worried about Rima whenever she went missing.
Leon was worried about that.
Leon was yelling angrily from downstairs.
Leon was yelling threats.
Leon washed his wound with alcohol.
Leon wasn't aware of that man.
Leon wasn't documented and no one knew who he was.
Leon wasn't dressed at all like a staff member.
Leon wasn't followed anymore.
Leon wasn't proud of this.
Leon wasn't within Amelia's vision.
Leon wasn’t in the mood for company.
Leon watched TV for half an hour before shutting it off.
Leon watched more TV.
Leon watches TV.
Leon went about his night, watching stupid movies in his bed.
Leon went back and found the party in chaos.
Leon went back in.
Leon went back inside.
Leon went back out for a while.
Leon went back to his room to grab his stuff and leave.
Leon went back to the concession counter.
Leon went first.
Leon went for a drive with Rima.
Leon went home after locking the place up.
Leon went out to see if anything was outside.
Leon went to Amelia's home to pick up his mom and siblings.
Leon went to Rima’s apartment alone.
Leon went to Rima’s locker and took an envelope full of money.
Leon went to a comedy club.
Leon went to a different bathroom.
Leon went to a drinking party.
Leon went to answer the phone.
Leon went to eat dinner.
Leon went to his mother's house.
Leon went to see some lowkey movie.
Leon went to see the 10:00 pm screening of the movie.
Leon went to the call history on his phone.
Leon went to the dining hall.
Leon went to the kitchen to make pasta.
Leon went up the stairs.
Leon went up to ring the bell.
Leon went with Amelia to meet Rima.
Leon will be rescued.
Leon will be sleeping in that bedroom.
Leon will be the only one there until midnight.
Leon will be waiting in the bedroom.
Leon will call Amelia when he's done.
Leon will figure this out.
Leon will find a way.
Leon witnessed all that.
Leon woke up his wife to tell her.
Leon won't be able to leave that window open again.
Leon wondered why the school was on lockdown.
Leon worked at a movie theater in Bejaia, Algeria.
Leon works at a movie theater and always runs into creeps.
Leon works behind the popcorn counter.
Leon works for the German Aerospace Center.
Leon works in Algiers and commutes home every day on the train.
Leon yelled he was calling the cops.
Leon's Santa costume seemed cheap.
Leon's TV is big and won't fit in Amelia's small car.
Leon's TV looked exactly like Amelia's TV that was stolen.
Leon's TV was big.
Leon's TV was still on.
Leon's back door was unlocked.
Leon's bag was wide open.
Leon's bed faces the window.
Leon's bedroom was completely off limits.
Leon's blue van was gone.
Leon's car was listed for five million dinars.
Leon's car was parked on the side of the road.
Leon's cat, Sunset, wasn't anywhere to be seen.
Leon's clothes were kind of dusty.
Leon's dog does bite.
Leon's dog doesn't seem threatening.
Leon's eyes were open as wide as can be.
Leon's gate makes a loud squeaking sound.
Leon's glowing eyes were lit up by the TV screen.
Leon's heart was pounding against his chest.
Leon's home reeked.
Leon's house is at the end of the road.
Leon's house is completely hidden from view.
Leon's house looked like an abandoned building.
Leon's house sits on the top of the hill.
Leon's house stood on a huge well-kept property.
Leon's house was ancient, mostly made of wood.
Leon's house was as beautiful inside as it was outside.
Leon's house was broken into and robbed.
Leon's house was quiet and empty.
Leon's imagination was going wild.
Leon's lights were off.
Leon's little brother is five years old.
Leon's masterpiece is ready.
Leon's murmurs didn't really translate well for Amelia.
Leon's new movie is absolutely phenomenally good.
Leon's parents came running.
Leon's parents have been gone all day.
Leon's parents were both away.
Leon's parents were very unconcerned.
Leon's phone had a password.
Leon's picture popped up on Amelia's screen.
Leon's pillow was on the floor.
Leon's practicum was at a shelter for women and children seeking shelter from domestic violence.
Leon's room was ground level.
Leon's scream echoed into the deserted streets.
Leon's screen was black.
Leon's shift is officially over.
Leon's truck was also missing.
Leon's tugging became a lot more aggressive.
Leon's two TV's were robbed.
Leon's two younger brothers were five and six.
Leon's van was spotted a week later near Amelia's school.
Leon's video will be ready in minutes.
Leon's website will be ready in seconds.
Leon's window faces the main street.
Leon's window was wide open.
Leon's windows were completely closed.
Leonard Nimoy was a native Yiddish speaker.
Leonardo Da Vinci is known today as a renowned painter, architect, inventor and scientist. Historical accounts say he was also a procrastinator and he never finished a number his projects including his Adoration of the Magi and perhaps even the Mona Lisa. To explain this behavior, a researcher from Kings College, London proposed a new theory — the great Da Vinci may have had Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD.
Leonardo DiCaprio won the Oscar for best actor for his role as Hugh Glass in The Revenant.
Leonardo Fibonacci was born in the city of Pisa.
Leonardo da Vinci began painting Mona Lisa in 1503.
Leonardo da Vinci desecrated graves in order to study anatomy.
Leonardo da Vinci had very few personal relationships with women and never got married.
Leonardo da Vinci invented a human-powered glider.
Leonardo da Vinci's Ornithopter flying machine was never actually created.
Leonardo da Vinci, who painted The Last Supper, was gay.
Leonardo stayed with distant relatives.
Leonce was born in 1912 near Grenoble.
Leonid acted like a robot.
Leonid acted like he hadn't heard anything.
Leonid acted weird.
Leonid agreed to do that without a fuss.
Leonid aimed his gun and fired at the hyena.
Leonid almost had a heart attack.
Leonid also fell.
Leonid also suffered from the same illness.
Leonid always keeps that necklace.
Leonid always works hard.
Leonid and Anna aged together with grace and dignity.
Leonid and Anna both felt that.
Leonid and Anna had many stories to share.
Leonid and Anna lived on the same street.
Leonid and Anna met when they were toddlers.
Leonid and Anna stayed friends through high school.
Leonid and Anna stayed up by the campfire, playing some card games.
Leonid and Anna were discussing Oleg's education.
Leonid and Rima are happily married.
Leonid and Rima celebrated his birthday together.
Leonid and Rima communicated via text messages.
Leonid and Rima had a little chat.
Leonid and Rima had a lot of fun together.
Leonid and Rima had a meal at an Algerian restaurant.
Leonid and Rima met on a bridge.
Leonid and Rima sealed the deal.
Leonid and Rima shared the profits.
Leonid and Rima spent a long time apart.
Leonid and Rima started arguing again.
Leonid and Rima switched seats.
Leonid and Rima took a photo together.
Leonid and Rima went back to their homes.
Leonid and Rima went on a date.
Leonid and Rima went on vacation.
Leonid and Rima went to a fertility clinic.
Leonid and Rima were longing for each other.
Leonid and Rima won't be seeing each other again.
Leonid and Rima’s relationship was re-established.
Leonid and his classmates started to line up.
Leonid and his cousins were playing hide-and-seek in the woods.
Leonid and his siblings embraced and supported each other as a family.
Leonid answered the question with a smile.
Leonid appeared and stopped his parents’ argument.
Leonid approached a businessman and asked him to sponsor Rima.
Leonid approached the kid.
Leonid arrived and started insulting Rima.
Leonid arrived at Anna's house at around five pm.
Leonid arrived at school.
Leonid arrived at the doctor’s.
Leonid asked Anna about Walid's behavior.
Leonid asked Anna to meet him late at night.
Leonid asked Anna what she had to eat.
Leonid asked Rima for help.
Leonid asked Rima for her new cell phone number.
Leonid asked Rima normal questions.
Leonid asked Rima not to attend the soccer match.
Leonid asked Rima personal questions.
Leonid asked Rima to close her eyes.
Leonid asked Rima to get out of there quickly.
Leonid asked Rima to keep it a secret from anyone.
Leonid asked Rima to play.
Leonid asked Rima to take off her pants.
Leonid asked Rima to win at any cost.
Leonid asked Walid to stop his men.
Leonid asked about Rima’s best friend.
Leonid asked his children not to worry about that problem.
Leonid asked his parents.
Leonid assured Rima that she was the only woman he loved.
Leonid attacked the school.
Leonid attended the parents' meeting at the school.
Leonid beat all the thugs very badly.
Leonid became depressed.
Leonid became more attracted to Rima.
Leonid began dancing in the middle of the driveway.
Leonid began hearing what sounded like cracking noises.
Leonid began his descent.
Leonid began to really panic.
Leonid began to shake Anna awake.
Leonid began wondering what was taking Anna so long.
Leonid believed in the supernatural.
Leonid believed what he was telling Anna.
Leonid believes in ghosts, demons, and aliens.
Leonid believes it.
Leonid believes that Sicily is the best island in Italy.
Leonid believes that what he saw was true.
Leonid borrowed the manga from a lending library.
Leonid bought Rima a new cell phone.
Leonid bought Rima a scarf.
Leonid bought Rima an electric wheelchair.
Leonid bought a lot of expensive stuff.
Leonid bought a ticket to the island where Rima had a vacation.
Leonid brought Rima to his house.
Leonid brought his brother along.
Leonid brought his four-person tent.
Leonid brought his wife with him.
Leonid built a house in the cleared-out area.
Leonid bumped into Rima again.
Leonid called a friend in a broadcasting company.
Leonid called the police to tell them what had happened.
Leonid came back to the hospital to see Dr. Yazid.
Leonid came home from the basketball game.
Leonid came in time.
Leonid came into our view.
Leonid came into the room.
Leonid came running through the woods.
Leonid came to Rima's apartment to play piano for her.
Leonid came to collect money from Rima.
Leonid came to school.
Leonid came to see Rima in the middle of her choir practice.
Leonid came to visit Rima’s office.
Leonid came to watch the match.
Leonid came to watch.
Leonid came up with a new motto for the company.
Leonid came upon another twisted tree.
Leonid came.
Leonid camped at Anna's house.
Leonid camped in a heavily forested area.
Leonid camped in different areas of the forest.
Leonid camped in the area.
Leonid can go hunting there.
Leonid can go with Rima.
Leonid can no longer hide this matter from his entire family.
Leonid can only cry.
Leonid can work at home.
Leonid can work from home.
Leonid can't sleep there.
Leonid can’t feel these feelings.
Leonid cared about his patients.
Leonid carried out his plan.
Leonid cashed his chips.
Leonid celebrated his birthday.
Leonid changed the contract.
Leonid chatted with Rima about his father's illness.
Leonid checked on his mom.
Leonid checked on the Internet.
Leonid checked the coupon out and realized it was fake.
Leonid checked the time on his watch.
Leonid chose to stay up a little longer.
Leonid cleaned the box first.
Leonid closed the classroom.
Leonid coincidentally met Rima.
Leonid coincidentally passed by.
Leonid comforted Rima.
Leonid complained about all the money he was losing.
Leonid confessed everything in front of Rima.
Leonid confessed his love but Rima rejected him.
Leonid confided that he kissed Rima.
Leonid confirmed everything that Anna had said.
Leonid confirmed it.
Leonid contacted Rima again.
Leonid continued his education at a special school for the disabled.
Leonid convinced Rima.
Leonid cooperated with the authorities.
Leonid could have hidden.
Leonid could no longer hold back his tears.
Leonid could not hold back his tears.
Leonid could see the window behind Anna.
Leonid could still see the flickering light of the campsite.
Leonid couldn't answer Rima’s question with certainty.
Leonid couldn't find anything about Anna online.
Leonid couldn't help but cry.
Leonid couldn't make himself understood.
Leonid couldn't move Walid's hand by an inch.
Leonid couldn’t just quit.
Leonid couldn’t pay.
Leonid covered Rima’s drenched body.
Leonid crawled away.
Leonid cried because of that.
Leonid cried in the bedroom.
Leonid crossed the pedestrian bridge.
Leonid currently works as a bouncer.
Leonid decided it was time to leave.
Leonid decided not to hire Rima.
Leonid decided not to take his tent.
Leonid decided to go home by taxi.
Leonid decided to go left at the intersection.
Leonid decided to go on a camping trip for the weekend.
Leonid decided to head back to the campsite.
Leonid decided to leave the country.
Leonid decided to rest there.
Leonid decided to run to the school.
Leonid decided to stay in Algeria for a couple of weeks.
Leonid decided to take a big risk.
Leonid decided to visit Rima at school.
Leonid defeated a bulky man from the Navy.
Leonid defeated all the thugs.
Leonid defeated his opponent.
Leonid definitely likes the woman.
Leonid deliberately lost.
Leonid demanded answers from the state attorney.
Leonid demanded compensation money from his company.
Leonid destroyed the coupons.
Leonid did an examination at the hospital.
Leonid did love Rima.
Leonid didn't agree to the conditions.
Leonid didn't ask any more personal questions.
Leonid didn't bring his headlamp because the moon was out.
Leonid didn't dare to ask.
Leonid didn't even say goodbye.
Leonid didn't go to school.
Leonid didn't leave the campsite after sundown.
Leonid didn't mind leaving his kids with Anna.
Leonid didn't record anything.
Leonid didn't see what the creature's head looked like.
Leonid didn't seem to care.
Leonid didn't sleep much that night.
Leonid didn't sleep the entire night.
Leonid didn't treat Rima well.
Leonid didn't use that chance.
Leonid didn't want Rima to get hurt.
Leonid didn't want to be a burden to Rima's family.
Leonid didn't want to bet on someone like Rima.
Leonid didn't want to disappoint his doctor.
Leonid didn’t get away.
Leonid didn’t get it.
Leonid didn’t leave the house to save himself.
Leonid didn’t like Rima because she was rude.
Leonid didn’t run away.
Leonid didn’t sleep for four days.
Leonid didn’t use that chance.
Leonid died during his duty.
Leonid died in that creek.
Leonid died in vain.
Leonid dismissed Rima’s suspicions.
Leonid does research to find out what disease Rima was suffering from.
Leonid does this all the time.
Leonid doesn't believe in Bigfoot.
Leonid doesn't enjoy living in Morocco.
Leonid doesn't have a job anymore.
Leonid doesn't have friends.
Leonid doesn't have to work anymore.
Leonid doesn't know how to do that properly.
Leonid doesn't know how to process this.
Leonid doesn't know what Rima does.
Leonid doesn't like it.
Leonid doesn't listen to Rima.
Leonid doesn't look too dangerous.
Leonid doesn't really like living in Morocco.
Leonid doesn't scare easily.
Leonid doesn't want to know.
Leonid doesn't want to scare Rima.
Leonid doesn’t have any job.
Leonid doesn’t know what Rima is talking about.
Leonid doesn’t like Rima anymore.
Leonid drank a glass of wine.
Leonid drank water, too.
Leonid drinks wine.
Leonid drove away as quickly as he could.
Leonid drove down to the small town of Sidi Aich.
Leonid drove through the campsite, running the tents over.
Leonid drove to Rima's grave.
Leonid drove to the Blida Atlas forests.
Leonid enjoyed the view.
Leonid entered Rima’s room.
Leonid entered his grandfather’s house.
Leonid entered that house.
Leonid entered the basketball court.
Leonid entered the room to pick up his daughter.
Leonid examined Rima.
Leonid examined his daughter's condition.
Leonid expected too much from Rima.
Leonid experienced a vibrating waterbed for the first time.
Leonid experienced social discrimination.
Leonid explored caves and canyons in the area.
Leonid explored the whole area again.
Leonid expressed disappointment.
Leonid expressed his feelings to Rima.
Leonid expressed what he had been feeling recently to Rima.
Leonid failed to attract investors.
Leonid failed to catch the ball.
Leonid fainted because he was dehydrated.
Leonid fell asleep almost right away.
Leonid fell in love with the woman.
Leonid felt dizzy, as if he was going to pass out.
Leonid felt he was being chased.
Leonid felt jealous of Rima.
Leonid felt marginalized by his mother.
Leonid felt moved.
Leonid felt paralyzed.
Leonid felt sick to his stomach, like he was going to puke at any moment.
Leonid felt sorry for Rima.
Leonid felt the same way.
Leonid felt very sad after reading Rima's diary.
Leonid felt very scared for.
Leonid filled the kettle with water to make some tea.
Leonid finally accepted the invitation.
Leonid finally arrived.
Leonid finally found Rima.
Leonid finally managed to graduate from the special school.
Leonid finally received the call from Rima he had been waiting for.
Leonid finished Walid's perfume.
Leonid focused on work.
Leonid followed Rima, smiling.
Leonid followed closely behind.
Leonid forced Rima to flee from there.
Leonid forgot a bunch of stuff back in the truck.
Leonid forgot about Rima.
Leonid forgot about the money.
Leonid forgot to return the medal to Rima.
Leonid found Rima's videos on her computer.
Leonid found a dead rabbit right outside his tent.
Leonid found an effective medicine.
Leonid found an old cobblestone foundation in the middle of the woods.
Leonid found it difficult to move.
Leonid found out that Rima was a pianist.
Leonid found the school brochure.
Leonid gave Anna the password.
Leonid gave Rima a bracelet.
Leonid gave Rima a cell phone.
Leonid gave Rima a gift on the plane.
Leonid gave Rima a gift that he had prepared.
Leonid gave Rima a gift.
Leonid gave Rima a surprise.
Leonid gave Rima the money in cash.
Leonid gave a good presentation.
Leonid gave up without a fight.
Leonid goes to school by taxi.
Leonid got a call from Rima, asking him to come to Algeria.
Leonid got a fire going and cooked some food.
Leonid got a little nicer.
Leonid got a voice mail from his daughter.
Leonid got back inside.
Leonid got back on the trail.
Leonid got crushed by a very large building.
Leonid got farther away from the camp.
Leonid got four days in prison.
Leonid got gulaged.
Leonid got into his tent after that.
Leonid got more aggressive.
Leonid got out of there.
Leonid got spooked.
Leonid got the divorce he wanted.
Leonid got to the campsite.
Leonid grabbed Anna and pulled her up.
Leonid grabbed a log that had been in the fire and swung madly at the hyena.
Leonid grabbed a soft drink from the fridge.
Leonid grabbed his phone and started recording the sound.
Leonid grabbed his rifle and torch.
Leonid grabbed his shotgun.
Leonid grasped Anna's arm.
Leonid greatly appreciated that.
Leonid grew up in a simple family of four.
Leonid had Rima examined by another doctor.
Leonid had a box of coupons.
Leonid had a different philosophical approach to teaching.
Leonid had a fit of rage.
Leonid had a hunch that Rima would come back.
Leonid had a long day and decided to head off for the night.
Leonid had a lot of endurance.
Leonid had a small two-person tent.
Leonid had a strange condition.
Leonid had a troubled son.
Leonid had an individual one-person tent.
Leonid had another checkup with Rima.
Leonid had been waiting for Rima.
Leonid had difficulties at school.
Leonid had dinner at Rima’s house.
Leonid had feelings for Rima.
Leonid had his passport on him.
Leonid had his shotgun ready.
Leonid had his tent set up.
Leonid had liked Rima for a long time.
Leonid had lunch at the office.
Leonid had no idea who flung that bottle at him.
Leonid had no logical explanation for that.
Leonid had no shadow of a doubt that Anna was telling the truth.
Leonid had some beers.
Leonid had to go to Anna's place.
Leonid had to share his tent with his cousin.
Leonid has a picture of Rima and her mother.
Leonid has a rare disease.
Leonid has a unique personality.
Leonid has a very tense relationship with Rima.
Leonid has already left.
Leonid has always been a big fan of cryptids and the paranormal.
Leonid has always been the smarter of the two of us.
Leonid has always heard stories about the yeti.
Leonid has an apartment in Algeria.
Leonid has an older sister.
Leonid has arrived in front of the school.
Leonid has become a bit of a hindrance.
Leonid has become interested in Rima.
Leonid has become very close to Rima.
Leonid has been camping hundreds of times in places much more isolated than this one.
Leonid has been camping in some questionable places.
Leonid has been experiencing strange events.
Leonid has been lying about being blind.
Leonid has been replaced by Dr. Yazid.
Leonid has bet all his money on Rima.
Leonid has chosen the wrong girl.
Leonid has decided to stop working to focus on taking care of his mother.
Leonid has disappeared this morning.
Leonid has four friends.
Leonid has gotten a sales job.
Leonid has left his bad habit.
Leonid has left his pellet gun behind.
Leonid has left the book in the classroom.
Leonid has loved basketball since middle school.
Leonid has never had paranormal experiences.
Leonid has never heard anyone in town talk about Bigfoot.
Leonid has never interacted with people.
Leonid has never seen Rima.
Leonid has never seen a weasel or stoat in the wild.
Leonid has never seen such a thing.
Leonid has no evidence of that story.
Leonid has no family, let alone a girlfriend.
Leonid has no friends at all.
Leonid has no girlfriend.
Leonid has no interest in meeting anyone here.
Leonid has other activities.
Leonid has seen plenty of animals in his life.
Leonid has since passed away.
Leonid has some kind of allergy.
Leonid has the same disease as Rima.
Leonid has the same personality as his brother.
Leonid has threatened to end his life if Rima refuses.
Leonid has to do rehabilitation.
Leonid has to go home early.
Leonid has to go through the same thing.
Leonid has to leave the school.
Leonid has to stay in class.
Leonid has to work.
Leonid hasn't been back to that trail since.
Leonid hasn't come home.
Leonid headed back to the campsite.
Leonid heard Anna quietly snoring.
Leonid heard Rima's future plans.
Leonid heard Rima's words.
Leonid heard a car approaching.
Leonid heard a howler monkey in the distance.
Leonid heard a lot of wildlife in that area.
Leonid heard a loud screech.
Leonid heard all the debates.
Leonid heard an extremely loud noise.
Leonid heard dingos howling in the distance.
Leonid heard footsteps moving quite fast.
Leonid heard footsteps quickly approaching.
Leonid heard footsteps walking in circles around his tent.
Leonid heard his brother's voice call his name.
Leonid heard some branches moving or breaking.
Leonid heard something moving around outside his tent.
Leonid heard something rustling through the leaves and bamboo clusters.
Leonid heard that, too.
Leonid heard the footsteps and noises.
Leonid heard the phone ringing.
Leonid heard the screech again.
Leonid heard the shuffling sound begin again.
Leonid heard the words the doctor said.
Leonid heard whispering and giggling in the dark.
Leonid held that hammer tighter.
Leonid helped Rima carry the plastic bags.
Leonid helped Rima during the high school entrance test.
Leonid hid behind a nearby tree.
Leonid hid behind the newspaper.
Leonid hired a beast named Walid. He used to be a Seal.
Leonid imagined the whole thing.
Leonid imitated Rima by asking her to close her eyes.
Leonid immediately became furious at Rima.
Leonid immediately began sprinting down the hill.
Leonid immediately embraced Rima.
Leonid immediately felt better.
Leonid immediately gave Rima compensation money.
Leonid immediately hugged Rima.
Leonid immediately ran away to avoid Rima.
Leonid immediately refused.
Leonid immediately scolded the old man.
Leonid immediately showed his concern for Rima.
Leonid immediately slapped Rima.
Leonid immediately told Rima about his illness.
Leonid immediately took Rima to the hospital.
Leonid intended to visit Rima.
Leonid introduced his sister to his friends.
Leonid invited Rima to stop by his house.
Leonid invited Rima to the club that evening.
Leonid invited Rima to watch a fireworks party.
Leonid invited the woman into his own house.
Leonid is Algeria's champion.
Leonid is Rima's company's legal advisor.
Leonid is Rima's younger brother.
Leonid is Rima's youngest child.
Leonid is a cashier.
Leonid is a disabled man.
Leonid is a farmer in the outskirts of Algiers.
Leonid is a great person.
Leonid is a lonely man.
Leonid is a man and Anna is a woman.
Leonid is a man, too.
Leonid is a survivalist.
Leonid is a wealthy spoiled youngster.
Leonid is about to go to class.
Leonid is actually trustworthy.
Leonid is already breaking the rules.
Leonid is always worried.
Leonid is an Algerian legal advisor.
Leonid is an Algerian neurologist.
Leonid is an Algerian racewalker.
Leonid is an arm wrestler.
Leonid is an avid jogger.
Leonid is an experienced hunter.
Leonid is an introvert.
Leonid is aware of Rima's current condition.
Leonid is both educated and Muslim.
Leonid is busy this morning.
Leonid is by no means a pro.
Leonid is comfortable with being alone at home.
Leonid is currently busy managing the shop.
Leonid is currently hospitalized.
Leonid is disabled.
Leonid is drowning in debt.
Leonid is dying from not sleeping.
Leonid is facing forty years to life for fraud.
Leonid is five years older.
Leonid is getting a raise.
Leonid is going home.
Leonid is going to the store with you.
Leonid is gonna be awake.
Leonid is in front of the zoo.
Leonid is just an ordinary man without experience.
Leonid is just an unemployed guy.
Leonid is living in Algeria with his parents and his two sisters.
Leonid is much younger than Anna and doesn't remember that.
Leonid is never late for anything that involves cake.
Leonid is no longer there.
Leonid is not a usual doctor.
Leonid is not there either.
Leonid is now awake.
Leonid is now unemployed.
Leonid is on his way to see Rima's performance.
Leonid is right in front of the class.
Leonid is someone we know.
Leonid is starting to get pretty scared.
Leonid is still sitting, waiting for Rima.
Leonid is still unemployed.
Leonid is studying seriously to enter high school.
Leonid is undergoing a therapy session.
Leonid isn't afraid of being alone in the woods.
Leonid jogged a quarter mile or so.
Leonid jogged to school.
Leonid jumped out of his sleeping bag and grabbed Walid's arm.
Leonid just remained silent.
Leonid just sat there, shivering.
Leonid just stared ad the creature, not sure what to do.
Leonid just wants to accompany Rima.
Leonid just wants to see.
Leonid just went for a short walk on the trail.
Leonid kept calling Rima’s name.
Leonid kept his important files in the safe.
Leonid kicked the ball into the lake.
Leonid kicked the door out of anger.
Leonid kissed his wife goodbye.
Leonid kissed the woman.
Leonid knew he was somewhere on his land, but he didn't know exactly where.
Leonid knew nothing about the disease.
Leonid knew the creature was there.
Leonid knew why those things happened to Anna.
Leonid left from there.
Leonid left his kids unattended.
Leonid left his pocket money behind.
Leonid left the dead rabbit outside Anna's tent as a warning.
Leonid left the doctor's place.
Leonid left the school building.
Leonid liked Anna's brother.
Leonid liked those Japanese drama romance films.
Leonid likes Japanese comedy romance films.
Leonid listened to the rustling in the trees.
Leonid lit a fire.
Leonid lived behind an old cemetery.
Leonid lived in the middle of the outback.
Leonid lived on a kolkhoz.
Leonid lived right in front of a forest.
Leonid lived with his mother, Rima.
Leonid lives in a small farming town in Algeria.
Leonid looked around, but didn't see anything.
Leonid looked at Anna playfully.
Leonid looked at Rima’s phone.
Leonid looked at the creature, frozen in shock.
Leonid looked in the direction of the noise.
Leonid looked tired as if he had been running.
Leonid lost but refused to accept defeat.
Leonid lost his job.
Leonid loved his life.
Leonid loved off-roading.
Leonid loved the scent.
Leonid loves Korean black comedies.
Leonid lowered himself to the ground.
Leonid made Rima a promise.
Leonid made Rima confused.
Leonid made Rima drink gasoline.
Leonid made a career out of that.
Leonid made a clone of Rima.
Leonid made a decent living.
Leonid made a promise to Rima.
Leonid made an amazing sales pitch.
Leonid made his way out the front door.
Leonid made it back to camp at five pm.
Leonid made it back to his camper.
Leonid made it to the semifinals.
Leonid made mistakes.
Leonid made some breakfast.
Leonid made sure Rima was OK.
Leonid made the trip in his truck.
Leonid managed to get into his favorite high school.
Leonid managed to hide the sadness.
Leonid managed to meet the doctor.
Leonid married a widow.
Leonid met Anna on that bridge.
Leonid met Rima again.
Leonid met Rima at the event.
Leonid met up with his girlfriend.
Leonid might be exaggerating a little.
Leonid misappropriated the company's money.
Leonid misdiagnosed Rima’s son.
Leonid motivated Rima.
Leonid moved out of that neighborhood for the safety of his family.
Leonid moved to Senegal, a non-extradition country.
Leonid must wait four months before spending the money.
Leonid needed his dad.
Leonid needs relationships with fellow humans.
Leonid needs to see a friend now.
Leonid needs to take that medicine until he dies.
Leonid needs to watch out and take care.
Leonid never asks such questions.
Leonid never experienced anything supernatural.
Leonid never gave up.
Leonid never gets a break.
Leonid never goes camping alone.
Leonid never listened to Rima's advice.
Leonid never ran so fast in his life.
Leonid never watches shows about aliens and Bigfoot.
Leonid never went hunting there again.
Leonid noticed the light.
Leonid offered Rima four million dinars to convince Walid to lose.
Leonid only considered Rima as a childhood friend.
Leonid only works at home.
Leonid opened his eyes and smiled.
Leonid opened the door and startled Rima.
Leonid opened the tent door.
Leonid ordered a lot of very expensive food.
Leonid ordered some coupons from the website.
Leonid overheard Rima’s conversation with her friends.
Leonid packed Rima's clothes.
Leonid packed everything and left.
Leonid paid for Rima's mortgage.
Leonid paid no attention to the mail.
Leonid participated in the match.
Leonid passed out due to sheer exhaustion.
Leonid pays a lot for medication.
Leonid picked up his fishing rod and tacklebox.
Leonid planned to move to Algiers in a month.
Leonid planned to visit Rima at the hospital.
Leonid played in the woods a whole lot.
Leonid played the piano.
Leonid plays the game on his computer.
Leonid prays in the mosque.
Leonid pressed his face against the tent wall.
Leonid proceeded to beat Rima.
Leonid proposed to Anna today.
Leonid pulled his face away.
Leonid pulled out his firearm.
Leonid pulled the cover over his head.
Leonid pushed Rima's wheelchair.
Leonid pushed the wheelchair through the hallway.
Leonid put the truck in the first gear.
Leonid quickly sat up and listened carefully.
Leonid raised his rifle and aimed at Anna.
Leonid ran off to his bedroom that his shared with his brother.
Leonid ran out of the house to go to school.
Leonid ran to his mother.
Leonid reached an intersection on the hiking trail.
Leonid reached the entrance to the parking lot.
Leonid reached the top of the hill and the view was gorgeous.
Leonid read a book before drifting off.
Leonid read the letter.
Leonid read the poem Rima wrote him.
Leonid realized how much his sister loved him.
Leonid realized it was just a dream.
Leonid realized that destiny could not accept his love for Rima.
Leonid really misses his hometown.
Leonid received a letter from the doctor.
Leonid received a much more lenient sentence for five years.
Leonid received a packet of tissues from the man sitting behind him.
Leonid received an emergency call.
Leonid refused like a twat.
Leonid refused to go by taxi, considering that it was too expensive.
Leonid refused to let Rima go.
Leonid refused to pay the bail.
Leonid refused to work.
Leonid remembered all those memories.
Leonid remembered seeing the motto on Rima's website.
Leonid remembers his memories with Rima.
Leonid repositioned his chair.
Leonid rescued the boxes.
Leonid rescued the workers.
Leonid returned from his trip.
Leonid returned from the beach.
Leonid returned from the health center.
Leonid returned to Algeria, leaving Rima behind for good.
Leonid returned to the village.
Leonid rolled into his sleeping bag.
Leonid rushed to the hospital.
Leonid sacrificed half his body to save Rima.
Leonid sacrificed himself.
Leonid said happy birthday to Rima.
Leonid said he couldn’t sleep.
Leonid said so.
Leonid sat down on a bench.
Leonid sat on the top of the hill, watching the woods.
Leonid sat there for a second, just staring at the hyena.
Leonid sat there for what felt like an eternity.
Leonid saved Rima from death.
Leonid saved Rima.
Leonid saved my mom's life.
Leonid saw Anna staring at him.
Leonid saw Rima blushing when she was congratulated by Walid.
Leonid saw Rima crying.
Leonid saw Rima's face on TV.
Leonid saw Rima’s head covered in blood.
Leonid saw Rima’s mother crying.
Leonid saw a beautiful woman.
Leonid saw a black liquid bubbling out of Anna's mouth.
Leonid saw a box with coupons.
Leonid saw a figure looking like a person who hadn't eaten for months.
Leonid saw a possum in a tree.
Leonid saw shadows moving in the dark.
Leonid saw something moving behind the bamboo clusters.
Leonid saw that take place.
Leonid saw the children rooting for him.
Leonid saw the hyena lurking around.
Leonid saw the hyena, too.
Leonid saw the woman again.
Leonid saw the wound on Rima's chin.
Leonid searched the Internet.
Leonid seemed curious about Rima's strange behavior.
Leonid seemed to be getting weaker.
Leonid seemed to take a particular liking to Anna's mother.
Leonid sent a complaining email to the cereal company.
Leonid sent a message to the FBI every day.
Leonid sent a number of messages to Rima.
Leonid set off south.
Leonid set up a website to sell coupons.
Leonid set up camp a few miles from the truck.
Leonid set up camp further away from us.
Leonid set up his tent and sleeping bag.
Leonid set up his tent and went fishing.
Leonid shook his head and left.
Leonid should be back by now.
Leonid should move on.
Leonid shouted out for help.
Leonid showed Rima Walid’s uniform.
Leonid slapped Rima.
Leonid slept under the stars.
Leonid smacked the side of Anna's tent and yelled at her: "Wake up!"
Leonid smelt his hands.
Leonid sold all his stuff on eBay.
Leonid sold everything he bought.
Leonid sold his laptop to raise the money.
Leonid sold stuff.
Leonid soon arrived at the creek.
Leonid sought financial compensation.
Leonid speaks the Kabyle dialect of Berber.
Leonid spent a lot of money on his obsession with vintage cars.
Leonid spent extra energy to help Rima.
Leonid spent the entire day there.
Leonid spent the next day scouting and tracking.
Leonid spoke for some minutes.
Leonid stared out of the bedroom window.
Leonid started going to the special school.
Leonid started looking around frantically.
Leonid started making fun of Rima.
Leonid started setting up camp.
Leonid started skateboarding.
Leonid started talking to Rima more often.
Leonid started to complain about being hungry.
Leonid started to cry and scream for his dead.
Leonid started to drop objects.
Leonid started to feel annoyed with Rima.
Leonid started to feel strange.
Leonid started to go to school again.
Leonid started to have difficulty walking.
Leonid started walking out of the hospital.
Leonid started wearing his high school uniform.
Leonid stayed there until the noise stopped.
Leonid stayed up a little later.
Leonid still does his job.
Leonid still hasn't seen anything.
Leonid stole clothes at the mall.
Leonid stole coupons for Rima.
Leonid stopped Rima and Walid.
Leonid stopped by Rima's house.
Leonid struggled to walk.
Leonid studied Rima’s disease.
Leonid succeeded to convince Rima.
Leonid suddenly appeared.
Leonid suddenly fell unconscious.
Leonid suddenly fell.
Leonid suddenly stopped in his tracks.
Leonid suffered from a rare illness.
Leonid suffered from leukemia.
Leonid suffered from the same disease as Rima.
Leonid suffers from a terrible disease.
Leonid talked about a future that he could achieve.
Leonid talked about pretty much everything he could think of.
Leonid talked about something disgusting.
Leonid talked to Dr. Yazid.
Leonid talked to the doctor.
Leonid talks about sex in public.
Leonid taught Anna some survival skills that she still uses to this day.
Leonid thinks Rima is blind.
Leonid thinks Rima is very hypocritical.
Leonid thought Anna was just being silly.
Leonid thought New Zealand was a safe place to go camping.
Leonid thought Rima and Walid were dating.
Leonid thought about taking Rima there.
Leonid threatened to call the police.
Leonid threw the backpack in the back of his truck.
Leonid threw the coupon away.
Leonid threw the envelope away without understanding how important it was.
Leonid threw the log at the hyena.
Leonid tidied his room up.
Leonid told Anna to come to him.
Leonid told Anna to shush.
Leonid told Anna to turn around.
Leonid told Rima a lie.
Leonid told Rima about Walid's activities at school.
Leonid told Rima about his own illness.
Leonid told Rima he would treat her.
Leonid told Rima that he loved her.
Leonid told Rima to take care.
Leonid told Rima what he wanted.
Leonid told his parents that he already knew about the disease.
Leonid told the doctor about his father's symptoms.
Leonid told the doctor all about it.
Leonid took Rima for a walk at the zoo.
Leonid took Rima home.
Leonid took Rima on a date.
Leonid took Rima to his hometown.
Leonid took Rima’s bag.
Leonid took Walid to a whorehouse.
Leonid took a few pictures of the trees.
Leonid took a gun for self-defense.
Leonid took care of Rima.
Leonid took care of his health.
Leonid took care of the children.
Leonid took off his glasses.
Leonid took off his pants.
Leonid took the entrance test to his favorite high school.
Leonid took the guinea pig out of its cage.
Leonid took the right decision.
Leonid toured the campus.
Leonid tried not to scare Anna more than she already was.
Leonid tried to determine what that sound was.
Leonid tried to end his life again.
Leonid tried to figure out what that was.
Leonid tried to listen carefully.
Leonid tried to make Rima jealous.
Leonid tried to make light of the situation.
Leonid tried to please the boss.
Leonid tried to save Rima.
Leonid tries to force himself not to think about it.
Leonid troubled Rima every chance he could.
Leonid turned around and saw Anna standing there.
Leonid turned around pretty quickly.
Leonid turned his flashlight back on.
Leonid turned out to be a doctor at the hospital.
Leonid turned the key a fourth time.
Leonid turned the key and the engine started.
Leonid turned to Anna wide eyed and said: "You should never say that name!"
Leonid understood that Rima was a busy woman.
Leonid unexpectedly came.
Leonid unstrapped his firearm.
Leonid urged Rima to leave town.
Leonid used Rima for money.
Leonid used his wheelchair.
Leonid used to be part of a small hunting club in Algeria.
Leonid used to camp quite often during the summer.
Leonid used to text Rima.
Leonid visited Rima at the hospital.
Leonid visited a specialized facility for disabled people.
Leonid visited the school.
Leonid visits his friends only when they get married or die.
Leonid vomited the gasoline he drank.
Leonid waited and watched.
Leonid waited forever.
Leonid walked Anna home.
Leonid walked a mile or so into the woods.
Leonid walked all the way to the bottom of the mountain.
Leonid walked back to his cabin.
Leonid walked back to the casino.
Leonid walked down the steep slope.
Leonid walked down the trail back to his truck.
Leonid walked into a club in the mall.
Leonid walked that trail a million times and never noticed that cabin.
Leonid walked that worn-out path often.
Leonid walked those trails often.
Leonid walked to the bus stop.
Leonid walked with a limp.
Leonid walks like a penguin.
Leonid wanted Rima to have a better life.
Leonid wanted to be with Rima.
Leonid wanted to break the glass.
Leonid wanted to camp in the haunted woods.
Leonid wanted to clean his money.
Leonid wanted to come and visit us here in Algeria.
Leonid wanted to get his parents' attention.
Leonid wanted to hire Rima.
Leonid wanted to hunt in the twilight.
Leonid wanted to know what was happening to Rima.
Leonid wanted to make Rima happy.
Leonid wanted to meet Rima and say sorry.
Leonid wanted to personally meet Rima.
Leonid wanted to photograph that mystery animal.
Leonid wanted to see if the cabin was still there.
Leonid wanted to see the forested hills of Jijel.
Leonid wanted to see the sunrise.
Leonid wanted to visit the haunted woods.
Leonid wanted to win the national championship for Rima.
Leonid wants to be Rima's bodyguard.
Leonid wants to save Rima.
Leonid wants to take Rima there.
Leonid was a champion, too.
Leonid was a first grader.
Leonid was a grown man.
Leonid was a hard worker.
Leonid was a little drenched due to the rain.
Leonid was a lonely man.
Leonid was a rich man.
Leonid was a talented blind pianist.
Leonid was a workaholic.
Leonid was about to continue his journey when he heard a strange noise behind him in the bushes.
Leonid was accidentally hit by a truck.
Leonid was accompanied by his parents.
Leonid was admitted.
Leonid was affected by that disease.
Leonid was again left behind by his friends.
Leonid was alone sitting near the bed.
Leonid was an expert in neurological diseases.
Leonid was apparently trying to freak Anna out.
Leonid was arrested by an FBI special agent.
Leonid was at least the height of Anna.
Leonid was at that gathering.
Leonid was at the reception.
Leonid was at the restaurant to celebrate his birthday.
Leonid was back from work.
Leonid was behind Anna's house.
Leonid was being rude.
Leonid was betting on matches.
Leonid was bothered by a kid who thought he was not blind.
Leonid was buried in the woods behind the cabin.
Leonid was busy preparing for the university entrance test.
Leonid was called to the school.
Leonid was carried away by the atmosphere.
Leonid was carrying some plastic bags.
Leonid was chased by the restaurant owner.
Leonid was choking to death.
Leonid was completely alone with his German Shepherd in the middle of the woods.
Leonid was constantly asking Anna questions.
Leonid was content with his life.
Leonid was cooking us breakfast.
Leonid was dead asleep and still snoring.
Leonid was desperate to leave.
Leonid was determined to please Rima.
Leonid was disappointed to hear that Rima would marry Walid.
Leonid was dressing up for his date.
Leonid was drinking with his friends.
Leonid was examined by Dr. Yazid.
Leonid was exhausted from the road trip.
Leonid was finally cured.
Leonid was friends with a kid who had an unusual home.
Leonid was getting his kids ready for school.
Leonid was given five years in prison for embezzlement.
Leonid was going to camp out about halt a mile from the house.
Leonid was going to shoot a video for a school project.
Leonid was gone for hours.
Leonid was gravely injured.
Leonid was having a good time at his high school.
Leonid was heading towards the gates.
Leonid was hit by a scooter while trying to cross the road.
Leonid was hit by a train.
Leonid was holding an axe.
Leonid was immediately taken to the hospital.
Leonid was impressed by Rima's performance.
Leonid was in the audience, watching Rima.
Leonid was in the bathroom, getting ready for bed.
Leonid was in the living room, watching TV.
Leonid was in the room.
Leonid was in the thickest part of the bushes.
Leonid was interrogating the cashiers.
Leonid was introduced to the school environment.
Leonid was involved in clandestine operations.
Leonid was just running around.
Leonid was kicked out of the job.
Leonid was killing time before the class.
Leonid was left behind.
Leonid was let free.
Leonid was looking over his shoulder frantically as he ran.
Leonid was losing money.
Leonid was making more money.
Leonid was more tired.
Leonid was near a major highway.
Leonid was never interested in people, let alone a cute girl.
Leonid was not allowed to come in.
Leonid was on his way to school.
Leonid was on that trail for several hours.
Leonid was on the other side of the creek.
Leonid was paralyzed and assisted by robotic hands.
Leonid was practicing the choir.
Leonid was quite pious.
Leonid was quite sympathetic towards Anna.
Leonid was raised to be polite.
Leonid was released on bail.
Leonid was released shortly after.
Leonid was riding a bicycle.
Leonid was right outside the tent door.
Leonid was saved.
Leonid was scared to lose all the money.
Leonid was selected as a member of the high school's basketball team.
Leonid was sent to another school.
Leonid was shaking, too scared to move.
Leonid was silenced in shock.
Leonid was silent and confused.
Leonid was sitting in his camp chair.
Leonid was sitting on the porch, getting some fresh air.
Leonid was sitting pensively.
Leonid was skateboarding in an abandoned mall.
Leonid was skeptical but agreed to do it anyways.
Leonid was smiling and waving at Anna.
Leonid was snoring at his usual level, that of a tractor.
Leonid was so groggy.
Leonid was so happy to see Anna.
Leonid was sobbing on the plane.
Leonid was solo hiking and camping.
Leonid was staring at a cute woman.
Leonid was starting to feel disappointed.
Leonid was staying on a remote farm in Algeria.
Leonid was still a big kid at heart.
Leonid was still alone.
Leonid was still freaked out.
Leonid was still not back.
Leonid was still pessimistic that his condition would improve.
Leonid was still very confused.
Leonid was still watching Anna.
Leonid was suffering from a rare disease.
Leonid was surprised by the droid's exceptional skills.
Leonid was surprised to see Anna.
Leonid was taking a day off.
Leonid was taking medicine.
Leonid was terrified and alone in the darkness.
Leonid was thinking of all the possible outcomes.
Leonid was too obsessed by Rima.
Leonid was too paranoid to camp outside at night.
Leonid was too scared to open the door.
Leonid was trying to cross the street.
Leonid was unconscious, too.
Leonid was unnerved by the sudden silence.
Leonid was utterly confused.
Leonid was very frightened.
Leonid was very worried about his daughter living in a dormitory.
Leonid was visibly perturbed by that.
Leonid was waiting for Rima outside with flowers.
Leonid was waiting for the door to walk out of the woods.
Leonid was waiting in the pouring rain.
Leonid was walking across a grassy field in the middle of the woods.
Leonid was walking around the woods near Anna's house.
Leonid was walking in that area.
Leonid was walking through the shrubs.
Leonid was walking through the woods without a light.
Leonid was watching a choir concert at Rima's school.
Leonid was welcomed by his four younger siblings.
Leonid was with Rima seconds ago.
Leonid was writing something.
Leonid wasn't able to get a wink of sleep.
Leonid wasn't in the mood to set up a tent in the rain.
Leonid watched Rima from the window.
Leonid watched Rima walk away.
Leonid watched Rima's behavior.
Leonid watched that creature slowly devour its meal.
Leonid watched the hyena stand up and approach him.
Leonid watched the sun set.
Leonid went back to 2004.
Leonid went back to the campsite and found all his stuff trashed and destroyed.
Leonid went camping on Thanksgiving eve.
Leonid went hiking for the entire day.
Leonid went home on a bus.
Leonid went into the betting business to make more money.
Leonid went mushroom hunting in the woods.
Leonid went on a backpacking trip.
Leonid went on an incredible expensive shopping trip.
Leonid went on an outing.
Leonid went outside and the signal was back.
Leonid went to Algiers to meet a client.
Leonid went to Rima directly.
Leonid went to Rima’s office.
Leonid went to Rima’s room.
Leonid went to a backpacking site.
Leonid went to meet the owner.
Leonid went to play soccer.
Leonid went to see Dr. Yazid.
Leonid went to see if there was anyone there.
Leonid went to sleep right after Anna did.
Leonid went to the FBI to confess.
Leonid went to the campus.
Leonid went to the coupon factory.
Leonid went to the final.
Leonid went to the funeral with his work.
Leonid went to the health center for a final checkup.
Leonid went to the health center.
Leonid went to the hospital.
Leonid went to the library.
Leonid went to the school.
Leonid went to the supermarket.
Leonid went way off the beaten track.
Leonid will be able to return home soon.
Leonid will be flying to Algiers soon.
Leonid will be on a business trip for a week.
Leonid will be rehabilitated.
Leonid will be staying the night there.
Leonid will bring his wife with him next time.
Leonid will cook breakfast today.
Leonid will have a basketball match with another high school.
Leonid will leave.
Leonid will win and lose.
Leonid wished Rima a happy new year.
Leonid woke up at five am.
Leonid won the auction for the droid.
Leonid won the first match.
Leonid won the game, surprising everyone.
Leonid won with great effort.
Leonid wondered why Rima was so worried about him.
Leonid won’t go home.
Leonid wore brightly colored clothes.
Leonid worked as a piano polisher.
Leonid worked for forty days.
Leonid worked very hard.
Leonid works as a Berber-Arabic translator in Algiers.
Leonid would go camping during holidays.
Leonid writes a diary.
Leonid wrote down his opinion in a piece of paper and handed it to the boss.
Leonid's German Shepherd began to cower.
Leonid's German Shepherd growled viciously at something in the woods.
Leonid's German Shepherd was lying by the campfire, chewing on a bone.
Leonid's answer didn't change.
Leonid's articles were pushing an anti-religious message.
Leonid's biggest regret in life was giving Rima up for adoption.
Leonid's boss was giving him a raise.
Leonid's business quickly became a success.
Leonid's cattle field wasn't used.
Leonid's company is headquartered in Algeria.
Leonid's company was about to go bankrupt.
Leonid's concern for Anna started turning into panic.
Leonid's concern for his daughter grew stronger.
Leonid's condition was getting worse day by day.
Leonid's dad was around the property, somewhere.
Leonid's data were all deleted.
Leonid's dog was a German Shepherd.
Leonid's eyes followed Anna's line of sight and saw the hyena.
Leonid's eyes transfixed on something.
Leonid's gear was in the tent.
Leonid's grandmother passed away.
Leonid's guinea pig bit him and ran away.
Leonid's hand was injured quite badly.
Leonid's heart was broken into pieces.
Leonid's home was raided.
Leonid's identity got stolen.
Leonid's life changed.
Leonid's life will change soon.
Leonid's manners are incredibly poor.
Leonid's name and photo was in the newspaper the following week.
Leonid's only entertainment was being in Berber class with Rima.
Leonid's parents got divorced when he was little.
Leonid's phone was busy.
Leonid's questions got more and more personal.
Leonid's shirt looked shredded.
Leonid's show became an instant success.
Leonid's sole purpose in life was to marry Anna.
Leonid's story is from the 1940s.
Leonid's story really shook us.
Leonid's throat was torn open.
Leonid's torch was old and didn't give off much light.
Leonid's website quickly became an echo chamber.
Leonid, Rima, and their kids lived like a happy family.
Leonidas was a Spartan, and so am I!
Leonid’s condition is not getting better.
Leonid’s condition was getting worse.
Leonid’s contract was perfect.
Leonid’s disease has begun to enter its next stage.
Leonid’s disease slowed down its progress.
Leonid’s droid tried to be more like a human.
Leonid’s eyes turned into a reptile’s.
Leonid’s face is similar to the droid’s.
Leonid’s grandfather was surprised when he saw him.
Leonid’s life is not as gloomy as before.
Leonid’s room is a mess.
Leonor opens the bottle with his teeth.
Leon’s android can do whatever he wants.
Leon’s android remains the property of Nani Corporation.
Leon’s android will still be functional.
Leon’s android’s performance dropped significantly.
Leon’s car flipped over multiple times.
Leon’s flashlight is broken.
Leon’s journey would be easier without the android.
Leon’s longest journey was his mission to Mars.
Leon’s mental health continued to decline.
Leon’s robot is capable of completing any task.
Leon’s teacher dislikes his approach.
Leopard sharks are harmless to humans.
Leopards are masters of stealth. They have to be.
Leopards are predators.
Leopards are the most versatile of all the big cats.
Leopards are very territorial.
Leopards can be a deadly threat.
Leopards can kill people.
Leopards can move silently through the woods.
Leopards could be lying in wait, shrouded by the bushes.
Leopards kill livestock.
Leopards live and hung alone.
Leopards live in Africa and Asia.
Leopold II of Belgium was a monster.
Leopold II of Belgium was a psychopath.
Leopold, she whispered to me, restrain yourself.
Leovigild had expelled the remaining soldiers of the Greek emperors from Spain, had suppressed the audacity of the Franks, who in their raids ravaged the Visigothic provinces beyond the Pyrenees, had put an end to the sort of monarchy that the Suevi had established in Gallaecia and had expired in Toledo, after having established political and civil laws, and peace and public order in its vast domains, which stretched from coast to coast, and also, crossing the mountains of Vasconia, covered a large portion of the former Narbonian Gaul.
Leprechauns are terrifying creatures.
Lera Boroditsky writes that instead of employing such terms as “right,” “left,” “forward” and “back,” which are relative to an observer, many Indigenous people of Australia will exclusively use cardinal directions — north, south, east or west. To speak properly, one must stay oriented at all times. The correct response to a normal greeting — “Where are you going?” — is something like “South-southeast, in the middle distance,” but if you don’t know which way you’re facing, you can’t even get past “Hello.”
Lesbian sex scenes in television and movies are becoming passé.
Leslie Gelb watches sports on a TV with his cat Wiley.
Leslie later lost his sight in both eyes and had to settle on listening to TV sports broadcasts. He continued his passion for reading by listening to audio books.
Lesotho is entirely surrounded by South Africa.
Less chat, more listening.
Less contact with people outside the bubble means less opportunity for infection.
Less expensive wine is sometimes better than the more expensive stuff.
Less fiction is being read than used to be the case.
Less is less than more, and more is more than less.
Less is more.
Less noise, please.
Less nudity, please.
Less of the heroics please, mister.
Less people — more oxygen.
Less possessions, less boredom.
Less recognized is a common side effect called neuropathic pain, which creates feelings of electric shocks and stabs.
Less students study German today than formerly.
Less talk, more action.
Less talk; more action!
Less than 1% of the budget is spent on foreign aid.
Less than 20 vaquitas remain in the wild, and entanglement in illegal gillnets is driving the species toward extinction.
Less than 24 hours remain to the event!
Less than 3% of Costa Rica's population lives abroad.
Less than a centimetre of snow layered the grounds of Lulu Island in the sunny morning of the 24th of February of 2022. I took a long route going to the pizzeria, over the vast, whitened school field, which seemed like I was walking on a different moon or planet. I viewed the northern snowcapped bluish mountain range. At the pizzeria, I ate two slices and drank a black effervescent diet drink, whilst I was watching on the big screen the usual morning talk show The View before eleven o'clock. Whoopi Goldberg, who was the mystical black bartender character Guinan in the Star Trek franchise, co-hosted there. Today's guest was Marlee Matlin, a deaf American blonde actress, who knew American Sign Language. She looked like my high school French-language teacher Mrs. Lowry. Meanwhile, in the pizzeria itself, a slender hooded black girl entered to order pizza.
Less than a month after travelling abroad, he fell ill.
Less than a quarter of cheerleaders are males.
Less than a week after school started, Tom already had a hundred friends.
Less than a week after the matriculation ceremony, Tom already had a hundred friends.
Less than fifty passengers died.
Less than five percent of perpetrators of child sexual abuse are female.
Less than one percent of all the water on Earth is fresh.
Less than one percent of the population is truly ambidextrous, that is, they have no dominant hand.
Less words, more action.
Less would've been more.
Lesson Three is difficult.
Lesson Three is hard.
Lesson Two is easy.
Lessons begin at 8.40.
Lessons begin at 9 and end at 4.
Lessons begin at eight in the morning.
Lessons begin at nine and end at six.
Lessons begin at ten.
Lessons begin in April.
Lessons don't begin until half past eight.
Lessons don't start until half eight.
Lessons go on till five o'clock.
Lessons last until five o'clock.
Lessons start at half past eight.
Lessons taught without fear build trust between teacher and student.
Lessons taught without fear lay the foundation for growth.
Lessons were learned.
Lest the maturing children implement designs trailblazing and unequalled, the ample nipples of their motherland burst with debilitating liquor.
Lestrade is a well-known detective.
Lestrade is a well-known detective. He got himself into a fog recently over a forgery case, and that was what brought him here.
Lestrade met us, his face flushed with victory, his manner grossly triumphant.
Lestrade stared at him in amazement.
Lestrade stopped and tapped at a door, which was opened by a small servant girl.
Lestrade was waiting for us at the door.
Lestrade’s face had begun to grow red and angry.
Let Bob cook.
Let Cookie sit there for now.
Let Dan be a snake in the way, a serpent in the path, that biteth the horse's heels, that his rider may fall backward.
Let Dan talk to me. Don't interrupt.
Let David go or I'll call the police.
Let Grandma take care of the kid.
Let H be the base of the perpendicular drawn from point A to the line BC.
Let Mary buy a new computer if she wants to.
Let Mary buy anything she wants.
Let Mary buy what she wants.
Let Mary buy whatever she wants.
Let Mary decide for herself.
Let Mary do anything she wants.
Let Mary do her job.
Let Mary do that by herself.
Let Mary do what she wants to do.
Let Mary do what she wants.
Let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
Let Mary do whatever she wants.
Let Mary drink anything she wants.
Let Mary drink what she wants.
Let Mary drink whatever she wants.
Let Mary eat anything she wants.
Let Mary eat what she wants.
Let Mary eat whatever she wants.
Let Mary finish what she started.
Let Mary go home by herself.
Let Mary have anything she wants.
Let Mary have her fun.
Let Mary have her turn.
Let Mary have what she wants.
Let Mary have whatever she wants.
Let Mary hear Tom recite the poem.
Let Mary listen to what she wants.
Let Mary read anything she wants.
Let Mary read what she wants.
Let Mary read whatever she wants.
Let Mary sing by herself.
Let Mary watch anything she wants.
Let Mary watch what she wants.
Let Mary watch whatever she wants.
Let Nature be your teacher.
Let Sami know that that car belongs to me.
Let Taiwan be Taiwan.
Let Tom and Mary buy a new computer if they want to.
Let Tom and Mary buy anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary buy what they want.
Let Tom and Mary buy whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary decide for themselves.
Let Tom and Mary do all the talking.
Let Tom and Mary do anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Let Tom and Mary do that for you.
Let Tom and Mary do that.
Let Tom and Mary do the talking.
Let Tom and Mary do the washing.
Let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Let Tom and Mary do what they want.
Let Tom and Mary do whatever they want to do.
Let Tom and Mary do whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary drink anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary drink what they want.
Let Tom and Mary drink whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary eat anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary eat what they want.
Let Tom and Mary eat whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary fight.
Let Tom and Mary finish what they started.
Let Tom and Mary go home by themselves.
Let Tom and Mary have anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary have their fun.
Let Tom and Mary have what they want.
Let Tom and Mary have whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary listen to what they want.
Let Tom and Mary read anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary read what they want.
Let Tom and Mary read whatever they want.
Let Tom and Mary sing by themselves.
Let Tom and Mary watch anything they want.
Let Tom and Mary watch what they want.
Let Tom and Mary watch whatever they want.
Let Tom and me go.
Let Tom and me help.
Let Tom and me sing.
Let Tom and me stay.
Let Tom answer.
Let Tom be Tom.
Let Tom be.
Let Tom be. He's not bothering anyone.
Let Tom buy a new computer if he wants to.
Let Tom buy anything he wants.
Let Tom buy that for you.
Let Tom buy the next beer.
Let Tom buy what he wants.
Let Tom buy whatever he wants.
Let Tom carry it.
Let Tom carry you.
Let Tom come aboard.
Let Tom come forward and speak.
Let Tom come in.
Let Tom come, too.
Let Tom come.
Let Tom deal with that.
Let Tom decide for himself.
Let Tom decide what you need to do.
Let Tom decide.
Let Tom do all the talking.
Let Tom do anything he wants.
Let Tom do as he likes.
Let Tom do as he pleases.
Let Tom do his job.
Let Tom do his thing.
Let Tom do his work.
Let Tom do it for us.
Let Tom do it for you.
Let Tom do it.
Let Tom do that alone.
Let Tom do that by himself.
Let Tom do that for you.
Let Tom do that.
Let Tom do the dirty work.
Let Tom do the talking.
Let Tom do the washing.
Let Tom do this.
Let Tom do want he wants to do.
Let Tom do want he wants.
Let Tom do what he likes.
Let Tom do what he wants to do.
Let Tom do what he wants.
Let Tom do whatever he wants to do.
Let Tom do whatever he wants.
Let Tom drink anything he wants.
Let Tom drink what he wants.
Let Tom drink whatever he wants.
Let Tom drive.
Let Tom eat anything he wants.
Let Tom eat if he wants to.
Let Tom eat it if he wants to.
Let Tom eat what he wants.
Let Tom eat whatever he wants.
Let Tom eat, please.
Let Tom fight his own battles.
Let Tom figure it out.
Let Tom find his own path.
Let Tom finish eating.
Let Tom finish his job.
Let Tom finish his meal, please.
Let Tom finish his sentence.
Let Tom finish speaking.
Let Tom finish talking.
Let Tom finish what he started.
Let Tom finish what he's doing.
Let Tom finish what he's saying.
Let Tom finish what he's trying to say.
Let Tom finish.
Let Tom get some rest.
Let Tom go and we'll talk about it.
Let Tom go first.
Let Tom go home by himself.
Let Tom go home.
Let Tom go now.
Let Tom go on ahead. We'll catch up with him.
Let Tom go on his way.
Let Tom go on.
Let Tom go with us.
Let Tom go, will you?
Let Tom go.
Let Tom handle it.
Let Tom handle that.
Let Tom have a turn.
Let Tom have anything he wants.
Let Tom have fun.
Let Tom have his fun.
Let Tom have his own way.
Let Tom have his say.
Let Tom have his turn.
Let Tom have it.
Let Tom have some fun.
Let Tom have what he wants.
Let Tom have whatever he wants.
Let Tom help you.
Let Tom himself explain.
Let Tom in at once.
Let Tom in now.
Let Tom in right away.
Let Tom in.
Let Tom know I can't be there.
Let Tom know I'll be late.
Let Tom know that I'll be late.
Let Tom know there will be dancing at the party.
Let Tom know we're OK.
Let Tom know we're busy.
Let Tom know we're coming.
Let Tom know we're leaving.
Let Tom know we've got a problem.
Let Tom know what you plan to do.
Let Tom know what you think.
Let Tom know what's happening.
Let Tom know where I am.
Let Tom know.
Let Tom leave early.
Let Tom leave.
Let Tom listen to anything he wants.
Let Tom listen to what he wants.
Let Tom listen to whatever he wants.
Let Tom live.
Let Tom make the decisions.
Let Tom out.
Let Tom pass.
Let Tom read anything he wants.
Let Tom read what he wants.
Let Tom read whatever he wants.
Let Tom relax.
Let Tom rest now. He is very tired.
Let Tom rest.
Let Tom rot in jail.
Let Tom rot in prison.
Let Tom say his piece.
Let Tom send the letter.
Let Tom show you how it's done.
Let Tom sing by himself.
Let Tom sing.
Let Tom sit in the back.
Let Tom sleep on my couch.
Let Tom sleep.
Let Tom sort it out.
Let Tom speak first.
Let Tom speak now.
Let Tom speak.
Let Tom stay here as long as he wants.
Let Tom stay here for a while.
Let Tom stay here.
Let Tom stay home.
Let Tom stay there.
Let Tom stay with me for now.
Let Tom stay.
Let Tom swim.
Let Tom take a look at it.
Let Tom take care of himself.
Let Tom take care of it.
Let Tom take care of that.
Let Tom take care of this.
Let Tom talk first.
Let Tom talk.
Let Tom tell the story.
Let Tom try again.
Let Tom try it if he wants to.
Let Tom try it if he wishes.
Let Tom try it.
Let Tom try.
Let Tom use my dressing room.
Let Tom wait.
Let Tom walk away.
Let Tom watch anything he wants.
Let Tom watch the movie.
Let Tom watch what he wants.
Let Tom watch whatever he wants.
Let Tom wear what he wants.
Let Tom win.
Let Tom work.
Let Yanni deal with Skura.
Let a bit of fresh air in.
Let a few days pass.
Let a fool hold his tongue, and he will pass for a sage.
Let a hundred flowers bloom!
Let a porter carry your baggage.
Let a sleeping dog lie.
Let all the servants know immediately.
Let all your dreams come true.
Let all your things be done in love!
Let alone the criminals: They have suffered for their offences; But those who have no crime, Are indiscriminately involved in ruin.
Let anyone who wants to split up raise their hand!
Let arms yield to the toga.
Let both of them go or I'll kill you all.
Let bygones be bygones.
Let conscience be a thousand witnesses.
Let conscience be a thousandfold witness.
Let customers pay however they like.
Let dinner wait.
Let dogs delight to bark and bite, For God hath made them so; Let bears and lions growl and fight, For 'tis their nature too. But, children, you should never let Such angry passions rise; Your little hands were never made To tear each other's eyes.
Let each individual fully grasp and understand the misery, degradation, and destruction that await him in war, and the barbarous ordeal by carnage will quickly become the most unpopular institution on earth.
Let each man be paid in full.
Let each one practice the branch which he knows.
Let everyone see it.
Let everyone sweep in front of his own door, and the whole world will be clean.
Let everyone take care of their own affairs.
Let everything be forgotten!
Let f be the canonical map.
Let famine spread!
Let fear and dread fall upon them, in the greatness of thy arm: let them become immoveable as a stone, until thy people, O Lord, pass by: until this thy people pass by, which thou hast possessed.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
Let forgiveness come and wash away everything I have done.
Let go into the moment.
Let go now.
Let go of Tom.
Let go of her.
Let go of him!
Let go of him.
Let go of it.
Let go of me!
Let go of me, please.
Let go of me.
Let go of me. Let me die.
Let go of my arm!
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
Let go of my arm! I can’t stand people touching me.
Let go of my arm.
Let go of my arm. You're hurting me.
Let go of my arms!
Let go of my arms.
Let go of my hair.
Let go of my hand!
Let go of my hand! I can't stand people touching me.
Let go of my hand.
Let go of my pants.
Let go of my sleeve.
Let go of my son.
Let go of that knife! You're scaring me!
Let go of that.
Let go of the bottle.
Let go of the dog.
Let go of the door or I swear I'll break your arm.
Let go of the door.
Let go of the door. Let me open it.
Let go of the fence.
Let go of the handle.
Let go of the idea of perfection.
Let go of the past and give the future a chance.
Let go of the rope.
Let go of them.
Let go of your anger.
Let go of your hate.
Let go of your negative outlook on life.
Let go or I'll scream.
Let go the apples, boy / or the ‘Jump-on’ will get you. / The ‘Jump-on’ is a strong kobold / who brutally punishes thieves.
Let go! You're hurting me!
Let go, Tom.
Let go.
Let happiness reside within all living beings.
Let he who loves me follow me!
Let her answer.
Let her be beautiful and let me forget her.
Let her become friends with my wife.
Let her bless us.
Let her buy the next beer.
Let her carry it.
Let her choose for herself.
Let her choose her own path.
Let her choose what’s best for herself.
Let her come aboard.
Let her come.
Let her cry.
Let her decide when the time is right.
Let her decide.
Let her do all the talking.
Let her do it.
Let her do that for you.
Let her do that.
Let her do the dirty work.
Let her do the talking.
Let her do this.
Let her do what she wants.
Let her finish her sentence.
Let her finish speaking.
Let her finish.
Let her get some fresh air.
Let her get some rest.
Let her go home.
Let her go!
Let her go, Yanni.
Let her go.
Let her have fun.
Let her have her say.
Let her have it.
Let her help you.
Let her in.
Let her inform me about her work.
Let her inform me about his work.
Let her know what's happening.
Let her know where I am.
Let her know.
Let her learn by herself.
Let her leave.
Let her live.
Let her look at this.
Let her relax.
Let her replace it.
Let her rest.
Let her say her piece.
Let her share her idea.
Let her show you how it's done.
Let her sing.
Let her sleep some more.
Let her sleep!
Let her sleep.
Let her speak her mind freely.
Let her speak.
Let her stay here.
Let her stay there.
Let her stay.
Let her take a look at it.
Let her take care of it.
Let her talk first.
Let her talk.
Let her try it.
Let her try.
Let her use my dressing room.
Let her wait!
Let her wait.
Let her wake up slowly, don't shake her.
Let her worry about it.
Let him alone. He'll soon come around by himself.
Let him alone. He’ll soon come around by himself.
Let him answer.
Let him at it.
Let him bark like a dog.
Let him be a great statesman, I don't admire him.
Let him be a great statesman, I don’t admire him.
Let him be calm.
Let him believe this, and he will live more consistently and morally, than by any other system.
Let him bless us.
Let him buy the next beer.
Let him carry it.
Let him come aboard.
Let him come into our home.
Let him come.
Let him concentrate.
Let him cry.
Let him decide.
Let him die.
Let him do all the talking.
Let him do as he likes.
Let him do his job.
Let him do his thing.
Let him do it alone.
Let him do it.
Let him do that for you.
Let him do that.
Let him do the dirty work.
Let him do the talking.
Let him do this.
Let him do what he wants! Edoardo is responsible.
Let him do what he wants.
Let him do whatever he wants! Edoardo is responsible.
Let him enter.
Let him find a solution himself.
Let him find an answer himself.
Let him finish his sentence!
Let him finish it.
Let him finish speaking!
Let him finish talking!
Let him finish.
Let him get some fresh air.
Let him get some rest.
Let him go away.
Let him go his own way.
Let him go home.
Let him go hungry.
Let him go out.
Let him go to hell.
Let him go!
Let him go, Yanni.
Let him go, come on!
Let him go.
Let him guide you.
Let him handle it.
Let him have fun.
Let him have his say.
Let him have it.
Let him have some fresh air.
Let him help you.
Let him help.
Let him in.
Let him know what's happening.
Let him know where I am.
Let him know.
Let him lead his life as he pleases.
Let him leave.
Let him live.
Let him manage on his own.
Let him not doubt my words. They're true.
Let him pay for it.
Let him pay the consequences.
Let him play your guitar.
Let him relax.
Let him remain without posterity!
Let him rest in peace, but above all let us live with a good memory!
Let him rest.
Let him say what he wants.
Let him say what he will.
Let him see.
Let him show you how it's done.
Let him sing.
Let him sleep!
Let him sleep.
Let him solve it.
Let him speak.
Let him stay here.
Let him stay home if he wants!
Let him stay there.
Let him stay.
Let him take a look at it.
Let him take care of it.
Let him take my old ones. They are still quite new.
Let him talk first.
Let him talk.
Let him that stole steal no more: but rather let him labour, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth.
Let him that would move the world, first move himself.
Let him try again.
Let him try if he dares.
Let him try it.
Let him try your guitar.
Let him try.
Let him use my dressing room.
Let him use the telephone.
Let him wait a minute.
Let him wait a moment.
Let him wait for a bit.
Let him wait for a moment.
Let him wait!
Let him wait.
Let him water the field.
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
Let him worry about it.
Let his name be obliterated!
Let in some fresh air.
Let it all hang out.
Let it all out.
Let it all rot.
Let it be a happy holiday!
Let it be a sweet sound in your ears.
Let it be clear that, faced with these abominations, the Church will spare no effort to do all that is necessary to bring to justice whomever has committed such crimes.
Let it be done at once.
Let it be done by six this evening.
Let it be on your head!
Let it be otherwise.
Let it be so!
Let it be survival of the fittest, but quickly and carefully directed.
Let it be!
Let it be.
Let it cook for a further four minutes, stirring constantly.
Let it cool down a bit. Don't eat it while it's hot.
Let it drain in a colander.
Let it dry.
Let it fall into place.
Let it flow.
Let it go this one time.
Let it go to voicemail.
Let it go!
Let it go, Tom.
Let it go, for peace’s sake.
Let it go.
Let it grow!
Let it hang out.
Let it hang.
Let it rain.
Let it rest, Tom.
Let it show.
Let it slide.
Let it stop!
Let it update.
Let justice be done though the heavens fall.
Let life be as beautiful as summer flowers, and death as beautiful as autumn leaves.
Let life be as beautiful as summer flowers. And death as beautiful as autumn leaves.
Let loose a bit and just anchor yourself in the present.
Let loose a bit and just get your foots anchored in the present moment.
Let loose and have some fun.
Let love be your guide.
Let me Google it using Bing.
Let me accompany you home.
Let me accompany you!
Let me add a few words before you seal the letter.
Let me add more sugar.
Let me add my perspective.
Let me add some oil.
Let me add some words about sentence fusion. A human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two. This is a highly constrained summarization task. Investigations — carried out by Hal Daume and Daniel Marcu — has shown "that even at this restricted level, there is no measurable agreement between humans regarding what information should be considered important."
Let me add something to that.
Let me add something.
Let me add water.
Let me adjust it for you.
Let me adjust it.
Let me adjust your tie.
Let me admire you.
Let me alone!
Let me alone.
Let me alone. Don't touch me.
Let me analyze the situation.
Let me analyze this.
Let me announce it.
Let me announce the results.
Let me answer Tom's question.
Let me answer that for you.
Let me answer that question with a counter-question: Who cares?
Let me answer that question.
Let me answer the last question first.
Let me answer this question.
Let me answer those questions later.
Let me answer you.
Let me apologize again.
Let me apologize for Tom.
Let me apologize for my conduct.
Let me apologize for my rudeness.
Let me apologize for my tardiness.
Let me apologize for that.
Let me apologize once again for missing our meeting.
Let me apologize to Tom.
Let me argue the case.
Let me ask Mary if she wants to go with us.
Let me ask Tom a question.
Let me ask Tom a simple question.
Let me ask Tom about it.
Let me ask Tom again.
Let me ask Tom first.
Let me ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
Let me ask Tom myself.
Let me ask Tom some questions.
Let me ask Tom something.
Let me ask Tom what he thinks.
Let me ask Tom whether he can do that or not.
Let me ask Tom.
Let me ask a few questions.
Let me ask a hypothetical question.
Let me ask a personal question.
Let me ask a question.
Let me ask a stupid question.
Let me ask an expert.
Let me ask an unrelated question.
Let me ask another question.
Let me ask it another way.
Let me ask just one favor.
Let me ask just one question.
Let me ask my question another way.
Let me ask one final question.
Let me ask someone else.
Let me ask something else.
Let me ask that another way.
Let me ask you a couple of questions before I leave.
Let me ask you a favor.
Let me ask you a few questions.
Let me ask you a question, Tom.
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a simple question.
Let me ask you a stupid question.
Let me ask you all a question.
Let me ask you another question.
Let me ask you for some advice.
Let me ask you guys something.
Let me ask you one favor.
Let me ask you one question.
Let me ask you some questions.
Let me ask you something else.
Let me ask you something, Tom.
Let me ask you something, Tom. Do you really believe that it was me who stole the money from you?
Let me ask you something, Tom. Do you really believe that it was me who stole your money?
Let me ask you something, Tom. Do you think we really have a chance?
Let me ask you something, Ziri.
Let me ask you something.
Let me assist you.
Let me assure you that that wasn't intentional.
Let me assure you that the situation is under control.
Let me assure you that wasn't intentional.
Let me assure you the situation is under control.
Let me assure you: Your marriage to Rima is over. She's already filed for divorce.
Let me at least buy you a drink.
Let me at least buy you dinner.
Let me at least talk to Tom.
Let me at least talk to her.
Let me at least talk to him.
Let me at least talk to them.
Let me back in the house.
Let me back in.
Let me back on the boat.
Let me back up here.
Let me bandage your wound.
Let me bandage your wounds.
Let me be Santa Claus.
Let me be clear.
Let me be completely frank.
Let me be completely honest with you.
Let me be equally frank.
Let me be frank about this.
Let me be frank as well.
Let me be frank with you.
Let me be frank.
Let me be happy.
Let me be honest with you.
Let me be more specific.
Let me be nervous about this.
Let me be part of your life, Anna.
Let me be the first to congratulate you.
Let me be the judge of that.
Let me be the one to do that for you.
Let me be the one to give you the gift.
Let me be the one to help you.
Let me be the one.
Let me be thy proper servant, who took him into my trust, and promised, saying: If I bring him not again, I will be guilty of sin against my father for ever.
Let me be to one to tell Tom.
Let me be very blunt.
Let me be very clear.
Let me be who I want to be.
Let me be with Tom.
Let me be with my troubles.
Let me be with you just five more minutes.
Let me be your alibi.
Let me be your assistant.
Let me be your guide.
Let me be your mentor.
Let me be your plus one.
Let me be your roommate.
Let me be your shelter.
Let me be yours.
Let me be.
Let me be. I'm sleeping.
Let me begin at the beginning.
Let me blow the candles out.
Let me borrow some cash.
Let me borrow some money.
Let me borrow that hammer.
Let me borrow that.
Let me borrow this knife.
Let me borrow this until tomorrow.
Let me borrow your bicycle.
Let me borrow your bike.
Let me borrow your flashlight.
Let me borrow your fly swatter.
Let me borrow your hammer.
Let me borrow your jacket.
Let me borrow your magnifying glass.
Let me borrow your phone for a second.
Let me bounce something off you.
Let me braid your hair for you.
Let me break this down for you.
Let me briefly explain it.
Let me briefly explain this to you.
Let me briefly explain.
Let me briefly summarize the report.
Let me briefly summarize what happened.
Let me bring a guest.
Let me bring you some food.
Let me bring you up to date.
Let me bring you up to speed.
Let me brush my teeth first.
Let me brush my teeth.
Let me buy another one.
Let me buy another.
Let me buy bread.
Let me buy one more.
Let me buy that for you.
Let me buy this car!
Let me buy this car.
Let me buy this for you.
Let me buy us some drinks.
Let me buy you a beer.
Let me buy you a drink sometime.
Let me buy you a drink, too.
Let me buy you a drink.
Let me buy you a new one.
Let me buy you all a drink.
Let me buy you another beer.
Let me buy you another drink.
Let me buy you another one.
Let me buy you dinner.
Let me buy you gentlemen a drink.
Let me buy you lunch.
Let me buy you this.
Let me buy your jacket.
Let me by.
Let me call Tom first.
Let me call Tom.
Let me call an ambulance.
Let me call her.
Let me call him.
Let me call my dad.
Let me call my lawyer.
Let me call my wife and tell her I won't be home for dinner.
Let me call them.
Let me call you back in a minute.
Let me call you back in five minutes.
Let me call you back later, OK?
Let me call you back.
Let me call you later.
Let me call you tomorrow.
Let me call you.
Let me carry Tom.
Let me carry it for you.
Let me carry it.
Let me carry that box for you.
Let me carry that for you.
Let me carry that.
Let me carry you.
Let me carry your bag for you.
Let me carry your bag.
Let me carry your baggage. You must be tired from the trip and it must be heavy.
Let me carry your suitcase for you.
Let me carry your suitcase.
Let me carry your suitcases for you.
Let me catch my breath.
Let me change into something comfortable.
Let me change into something more appropriate.
Let me change into something more comfortable.
Let me change places with you.
Let me change the subject.
Let me check it.
Let me check my Rolodex.
Let me check my calendar.
Let me check my schedule.
Let me check my wallet.
Let me check on that.
Let me check out your bag.
Let me check something.
Let me check the calendar.
Let me check the list.
Let me check the manual.
Let me check the schedule.
Let me check the system here.
Let me check their class schedule.
Let me check their website.
Let me check to see if Tom already has one.
Let me check your blood pressure.
Let me check your oil for you.
Let me check your pulse.
Let me check your temperature.
Let me check your ticket.
Let me check, and I'll get back to you.
Let me check.
Let me check. How many tickets do you want?
Let me choose the wine.
Let me choose who I want to respect and not.
Let me clarify something.
Let me clarify that.
Let me clean it up.
Let me clear the table.
Let me come aboard.
Let me come in, we'll talk about it inside.
Let me come in.
Let me come over.
Let me come to the ball; I, too, would like to dance.
Let me come to you.
Let me come to your fire to warm myself.
Let me come with you.
Let me come, too.
Let me comment briefly on that.
Let me compare the translation with the original.
Let me concentrate.
Let me congratulate you on your engagement.
Let me congratulate you on your graduation.
Let me congratulate you on your marriage.
Let me congratulate you on your success.
Let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament.
Let me contemplate your response.
Let me continue to be frank.
Let me continue.
Let me cook something for you.
Let me cook you dinner sometime.
Let me cook!
Let me copy it.
Let me copy-paste this over and over and over and over and over again.
Let me crash at your place.
Let me crunch some numbers and get back to you on that.
Let me cry.
Let me cut the carrots.
Let me cut your hair!
Let me dance with you.
Let me deal with Tom.
Let me deal with her.
Let me deal with him.
Let me deal with this.
Let me decide whether I want to strap me in or not, okay?
Let me decide.
Let me die in peace.
Let me die!
Let me die.
Let me direct that question to Dr. Tom.
Let me discipline this brat.
Let me do a story on you.
Let me do all of the talking.
Let me do all the talking.
Let me do it alone.
Let me do it differently.
Let me do it for you.
Let me do it in a different way.
Let me do it my way.
Let me do it today.
Let me do it, Tom.
Let me do it.
Let me do my job!
Let me do my job.
Let me do my work in peace.
Let me do something else.
Let me do something for you.
Let me do something.
Let me do that again.
Let me do that for you.
Let me do that my own way.
Let me do that myself.
Let me do that with you.
Let me do that.
Let me do the cooking.
Let me do the dirty work.
Let me do the dishes.
Let me do the talking.
Let me do this alone.
Let me do this for you.
Let me do this my own way.
Let me do this my way.
Let me do this one.
Let me do this.
Let me do what I can do. Let me finish the job.
Let me do what I want.
Let me donate what little money I have with me.
Let me draw a map for you.
Let me draw you a bath, Tom.
Let me draw you a map.
Let me dream.
Let me drive you home.
Let me drive you to your place.
Let me drive you.
Let me drive your new Toyota.
Let me drive.
Let me drop some knowledge on you.
Let me eat breakfast first and I will post a video.
Let me eat first.
Let me eat in peace, please.
Let me eat in peace.
Let me eat something today.
Let me eat this one and you can eat the other one.
Let me emphasise just this.
Let me entertain you.
Let me examine that.
Let me examine you.
Let me exchange seats with you.
Let me expand the borders of my kingdom.
Let me explain by way of a parable.
Let me explain everything from the beginning.
Let me explain everything to you from the beginning.
Let me explain everything to you.
Let me explain for those living under a rock.
Let me explain how this needs to be done.
Let me explain how this works.
Let me explain it once more, so you understand what I mean.
Let me explain it once more.
Let me explain it to Tom.
Let me explain it to her.
Let me explain it to him.
Let me explain it to them.
Let me explain it to you step by step.
Let me explain it to you.
Let me explain it with a diagram.
Let me explain myself.
Let me explain our situation.
Let me explain something to you.
Let me explain something.
Let me explain that to you.
Let me explain that.
Let me explain the problem.
Let me explain the rules.
Let me explain the situation to them.
Let me explain the situation to you.
Let me explain the situation.
Let me explain the whole situation to you and you'll be able to understand better.
Let me explain the whole situation to you and you’ll be able to understand better.
Let me explain this to you using an example.
Let me explain this to you.
Let me explain this.
Let me explain to you how this works.
Let me explain to you what I need.
Let me explain to you what happened today.
Let me explain what a pyramid scheme is.
Let me explain what happened.
Let me explain what needs to be done.
Let me explain what's going to happen.
Let me explain what's happened.
Let me explain why I arrived late.
Let me explain why I did that.
Let me explain why I did what I did.
Let me explain why I made this choice.
Let me explain why that happened.
Let me explain why.
Let me explain.
Let me fantasise about a better world.
Let me fasten my seat belt!
Let me feed the dogs.
Let me feel it.
Let me feel your breath when you sleep.
Let me feel your pulse.
Let me figure it out.
Let me figure something out.
Let me fill up your glass, Mr Nakauchi.
Let me fill up your glass, Tom.
Let me fill you in.
Let me fill your glass again.
Let me find another one.
Let me find out.
Let me find somewhere to put these suitcases.
Let me find you a friend.
Let me finish eating my sandwich.
Let me finish eating, please.
Let me finish my breakfast.
Let me finish my sentence.
Let me finish speaking, please.
Let me finish this first.
Let me finish this game.
Let me finish what I came here to do.
Let me finish what I have to say.
Let me finish what I started to say.
Let me finish what I started.
Let me finish what I was going to say.
Let me finish what I was saying.
Let me finish what I was trying to tell you.
Let me finish what I'm doing.
Let me finish what I'm saying.
Let me finish what I'm working on.
Let me finish, OK?
Let me finish, Tom.
Let me finish, Ziri.
Let me finish, please.
Let me finish.
Let me first and foremost ask you a few questions, and then we'll fix a date for the installation.
Let me first start with the good news.
Let me fix dinner for you.
Let me fix that for you.
Let me fix that.
Let me fix the car.
Let me fix the problem.
Let me fix the switch.
Let me fix us a couple of drinks first.
Let me fix you a cocktail.
Let me fix you a drink.
Let me fix you a sandwich.
Let me fix your tie.
Let me gather my thoughts, and make my choice among these outfits!
Let me gather my thoughts.
Let me get Tom.
Let me get another cup of coffee for you.
Let me get another cup of coffee.
Let me get back to work.
Let me get back to you on that.
Let me get back to you on this.
Let me get back to you.
Let me get her.
Let me get him.
Let me get into the car first.
Let me get it for you.
Let me get it.
Let me get my bearings.
Let me get my camcorder.
Let me get my checkbook.
Let me get my coat.
Let me get my hat.
Let me get my jacket.
Let me get my lawyer on the phone.
Let me get my shoes.
Let me get my stuff.
Let me get my violin.
Let me get my wallet.
Let me get one thing straight.
Let me get right to the point.
Let me get some chips.
Let me get some fresh air!
Let me get some fresh air.
Let me get some sleep.
Let me get something straight.
Let me get straight to the point.
Let me get that for you.
Let me get that.
Let me get the door for you.
Let me get the manager for you.
Let me get them.
Let me get this for you.
Let me get this off my chest.
Let me get this straight.
Let me get this straight. You're my father?
Let me get to the point.
Let me get us some more drinks.
Let me get us something to eat.
Let me get used to it first.
Let me get you a beer.
Let me get you a brandy.
Let me get you a cab.
Let me get you a chair to sit on.
Let me get you a chair.
Let me get you a cup of coffee.
Let me get you a cup of tea.
Let me get you a drink.
Let me get you a glass of water.
Let me get you a ticket to the concert.
Let me get you a tissue.
Let me get you a towel.
Let me get you an apple.
Let me get you another brandy.
Let me get you another cup of coffee.
Let me get you another drink.
Let me get you one.
Let me get you some brandy.
Let me get you some coffee.
Let me get you some ice.
Let me get you some tea.
Let me get you some water.
Let me get you some wine.
Let me get you something cold to drink.
Let me get you something for the pain.
Let me get you something hot to drink.
Let me get you something to drink.
Let me get you something to eat.
Let me get you something to write with.
Let me get you something.
Let me get you the key.
Let me get your bag.
Let me get your bags for you.
Let me get your bags.
Let me get your coat.
Let me give it a shot.
Let me give it a try.
Let me give this to you before I forget.
Let me give you a bit of advice.
Let me give you a call tomorrow.
Let me give you a chance to prove it.
Let me give you a demonstration.
Let me give you a direct answer.
Let me give you a free sample.
Let me give you a good example to illustrate what I mean.
Let me give you a hand with that.
Let me give you a hand with this.
Let me give you a hand with those.
Let me give you a hand.
Let me give you a hint.
Let me give you a hug.
Let me give you a kiss.
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
Let me give you a lift.
Let me give you a little advice.
Let me give you a little background.
Let me give you a little free advice.
Let me give you a little money.
Let me give you a little tip.
Let me give you a massage.
Let me give you a piece of advice.
Let me give you a preview.
Let me give you a ride home.
Let me give you a ride to the airport.
Let me give you a ride to the station.
Let me give you a ride.
Let me give you a small tour of the house.
Let me give you a tour of the house.
Let me give you a tour.
Let me give you a word of advice.
Let me give you an example to illustrate what I mean.
Let me give you an example.
Let me give you another example.
Let me give you directions.
Let me give you my address.
Let me give you my business card.
Let me give you my card.
Let me give you my number so I can pay you back.
Let me give you my personal opinion.
Let me give you my phone number in case you need to contact me.
Let me give you my phone number.
Let me give you my point of view.
Let me give you my telephone number.
Let me give you my weekly progress report.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't do that.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't go to Australia.
Let me give you several more reasons why you shouldn't go to Boston.
Let me give you several other reasons why you should do that.
Let me give you several other reasons why you shouldn't go to Australia.
Let me give you several other reasons why you shouldn't go to Boston.
Let me give you some advice - don't pee into the wind!
Let me give you some advice.
Let me give you some cash.
Let me give you some examples of imperative sentences.
Let me give you some examples.
Let me give you some good advice.
Let me give you some ideas on how to rewrite this.
Let me give you some money.
Let me give you some more money.
Let me give you some pointers.
Let me give you something to drink.
Let me give you something to remember me by.
Let me give you something to think about.
Let me give you something.
Let me give you the reasons why I don't want to do that.
Let me give you this.
Let me go ahead and answer your question.
Let me go alone.
Let me go along with you.
Let me go and buy some bread.
Let me go and tell Tom the good news.
Let me go back and get an umbrella.
Let me go back to Algeria.
Let me go be with my wife.
Let me go find Tom.
Let me go first next time.
Let me go first.
Let me go for a drive in your new Toyota.
Let me go free, and I'll show myself grateful.
Let me go get my camera.
Let me go home.
Let me go in and talk to Tom.
Let me go in and talk to her.
Let me go in and talk to him.
Let me go in and talk to them.
Let me go in place of him.
Let me go instead of you.
Let me go instead.
Let me go just once.
Let me go my own way.
Let me go now.
Let me go or I'll scream.
Let me go or I'll start screaming.
Let me go out.
Let me go over the accounts again.
Let me go over.
Let me go shopping.
Let me go talk to Tom.
Let me go talk to her.
Let me go talk to him.
Let me go talk to them.
Let me go tell Tom that you're here.
Let me go to Australia with you.
Let me go to Australia.
Let me go to Boston with you.
Let me go to her!
Let me go to the shop.
Let me go to the store.
Let me go with Tom.
Let me go with her.
Let me go with him.
Let me go with them.
Let me go with you.
Let me go!
Let me go! You're hurting me!
Let me go, Bucklaw! He shall account to me, or, by Heavens, I will stab him where he stands!
Let me go, you're choking me.
Let me go, you're gonna break my arm.
Let me go.
Let me go. I can't take it anymore!
Let me go. What's the meaning of this?
Let me go. You're choking me.
Let me go. You’re choking me.
Let me google that for you.
Let me grab my bag.
Let me grab my coat.
Let me guess.
Let me guess. You're from Algiers, aren't you?
Let me guess: Yanni is new in town, right?
Let me guide you.
Let me handle Tom, OK?
Let me handle Tom.
Let me handle everything for you.
Let me handle everything, will you?
Let me handle everything.
Let me handle her.
Let me handle him.
Let me handle it.
Let me handle that problem.
Let me handle that.
Let me handle the problem.
Let me handle them.
Let me handle things.
Let me handle this alone.
Let me handle this, all right?
Let me handle this.
Let me hang up your coat.
Let me have a bite of that.
Let me have a breather.
Let me have a cigarette.
Let me have a little chat with Tom.
Let me have a look at it, will you?
Let me have a look at it.
Let me have a look at that book of Tom's.
Let me have a look at that book of Tom’s.
Let me have a look at that book of his.
Let me have a look at that document.
Let me have a look at that letter.
Let me have a look at that picture.
Let me have a look at that.
Let me have a look at the picture.
Let me have a look at these photos!
Let me have a look at those documents.
Let me have a look at those photos.
Let me have a look at your notebook.
Let me have a look at your tyres.
Let me have a look at your video camera.
Let me have a look round first. Then I'll be able to tell you more.
Let me have a look.
Let me have a minute with Tom.
Let me have a minute with her.
Let me have a minute with him.
Let me have a minute with them.
Let me have a minute with you.
Let me have a nap.
Let me have a quick shower.
Let me have a sip.
Let me have a talk with Tom.
Let me have a talk with her.
Let me have a talk with him.
Let me have a talk with them.
Let me have a taste.
Let me have a try at it.
Let me have a try.
Let me have a word with Tom.
Let me have a word with her.
Let me have a word with him.
Let me have a word with them.
Let me have a word with you.
Let me have another chance.
Let me have another look at it.
Let me have another look at that.
Let me have another look.
Let me have it back.
Let me have it.
Let me have my bill.
Let me have my own opinions.
Let me have some of that water.
Let me have that.
Let me have the file.
Let me have the list.
Let me have the novel when you have done with it.
Let me have the picture.
Let me have your attention.
Let me have your phone number, please.
Let me have your suggestion as to what I am to say.
Let me hear about your problem.
Let me hear about your problems.
Let me hear from you now and again, will you?
Let me hear from you very soon.
Let me hear from you.
Let me hear it.
Let me hear the story of the person you like!
Let me hear what you have to say.
Let me hear you say it.
Let me hear you say that again.
Let me hear your frank opinion.
Let me hear your honest opinion.
Let me hear your opinion.
Let me heat it up some leftovers for you.
Let me help Tom first.
Let me help Tom with his homework.
Let me help Tom.
Let me help her.
Let me help him.
Let me help them.
Let me help with that.
Let me help you carry that.
Let me help you choose which dress to wear.
Let me help you choose.
Let me help you clear the table.
Let me help you cut up vegetables for the salad.
Let me help you do that.
Let me help you do the dishes.
Let me help you find a job.
Let me help you find it.
Let me help you get rid of this.
Let me help you get started.
Let me help you guys.
Let me help you look for it.
Let me help you on with your coat.
Let me help you out a bit.
Let me help you out.
Let me help you put on your coat.
Let me help you to do that.
Let me help you to do the work.
Let me help you up the steps.
Let me help you up.
Let me help you wash the dishes.
Let me help you wipe it off.
Let me help you with that.
Let me help you with the dishes.
Let me help you with these bags.
Let me help you with those groceries.
Let me help you with those.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Let me help you with your luggage.
Let me help you with your other problem instead.
Let me help you with your suitcases.
Let me help you with your work.
Let me help you, Tom.
Let me help you, if necessary.
Let me help you.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
Let me help you. Your bags look very heavy.
Let me help, too.
Let me help.
Let me hold it.
Let me hold your hand.
Let me hug you goodbye.
Let me impart these few words of wisdom to you.
Let me in or I'll tell Tom.
Let me in under your umbrella.
Let me in!
Let me in, please.
Let me in.
Let me in. I have to talk to you.
Let me inspect it first.
Let me inspect it.
Let me introduce Elias to all of you.
Let me introduce Mr Sato to you.
Let me introduce Tom to some people.
Let me introduce Tom to you.
Let me introduce Tom to you. He will be teaching you English.
Let me introduce a promising young writer to you.
Let me introduce it.
Let me introduce my family to you.
Let me introduce my family.
Let me introduce my friends to you.
Let me introduce my mother to you.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
Let me introduce my sister to you.
Let me introduce my sister.
Let me introduce my son to you.
Let me introduce my wife to you.
Let me introduce my wife.
Let me introduce myself to you.
Let me introduce myself.
Let me introduce to you Mr. Rossi.
Let me introduce you to Mr Tanaka.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Brown.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Murata.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Tanaka.
Let me introduce you to Mr. White.
Let me introduce you to Tom.
Let me introduce you to Yanni, my driver.
Let me introduce you to a good dentist.
Let me introduce you to a new way of doing that.
Let me introduce you to each other.
Let me introduce you to him.
Let me introduce you to my beautiful wife.
Let me introduce you to my brother.
Let me introduce you to my family.
Let me introduce you to my friend.
Let me introduce you to my mother.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
Let me introduce you to my sister.
Let me introduce you to my son.
Let me introduce you to my wife.
Let me introduce you to the ones I love the most.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the crew.
Let me introduce you to the rest of the team.
Let me introduce you two ladies. Mrs. Blewett, Miss Cuthbert.
Let me introduce you two to each other.
Let me introduce you.
Let me invite you to dinner.
Let me iron your shirt for you.
Let me join in the game.
Let me join you.
Let me join your cause.
Let me jot that down.
Let me just ask you something.
Let me just be frank.
Let me just check my calendar.
Let me just check my email.
Let me just clarify that.
Let me just do a quick Google search.
Let me just do a quick check.
Let me just finish this sentence.
Let me just finish this.
Let me just finish.
Let me just give you this and then leave.
Let me just go talk to Tom.
Let me just go talk to her.
Let me just go talk to him.
Let me just go talk to them.
Let me just go through that again.
Let me just look at it for a while.
Let me kiss it better.
Let me kiss you again.
Let me kiss you goodbye.
Let me kiss you one last time.
Let me kiss you one more time.
Let me kiss you.
Let me knead your cares away.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
Let me know as soon as Tom arrives.
Let me know as soon as Tom gets here.
Let me know as soon as Tom gets there.
Let me know as soon as anything happens.
Let me know as soon as he comes back.
Let me know as soon as he comes.
Let me know as soon as you get any news.
Let me know as soon as you know.
Let me know as soon as you're ready.
Let me know before you do anything concerning the clinic.
Let me know beforehand instead of catching me on the hop at the last minute.
Let me know beforehand instead of springing it on me at the last minute.
Let me know by telephone.
Let me know by the thirteenth.
Let me know by wire.
Let me know how I can be of assistance.
Let me know how I can help.
Let me know how it goes.
Let me know if I am entertaining you.
Let me know if I need to change.
Let me know if I need to make any changes.
Let me know if I'm bothering you.
Let me know if I'm wrong.
Let me know if Tom comes.
Let me know if anything bad happens.
Let me know if anything changes.
Let me know if anything happens.
Let me know if anything out of the ordinary happens.
Let me know if anything strange happens.
Let me know if something is missing.
Let me know if something's missing.
Let me know if the DVD player starts acting strange.
Let me know if the baby needs a diaper change.
Let me know if there is anything I can do.
Let me know if there's anything I can do for you.
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Let me know if there's anything I can help you with.
Let me know if there's anything you need.
Let me know if there's something I can do to help.
Let me know if there's something I can do.
Let me know if there’s anything I can do.
Let me know if this podcast was helpful.
Let me know if you are in need of anything.
Let me know if you buy anything.
Let me know if you can make it tomorrow.
Let me know if you can't make it in time.
Let me know if you change your mind.
Let me know if you come across the magazine.
Let me know if you figure it out.
Let me know if you find anything else.
Let me know if you find anything.
Let me know if you get anything.
Let me know if you have any more questions.
Let me know if you have any problems.
Let me know if you have any questions.
Let me know if you hear anything.
Let me know if you know anything about it.
Let me know if you know where to find some.
Let me know if you make any changes.
Let me know if you need adjustments.
Let me know if you need any help with your assignment.
Let me know if you need any help.
Let me know if you need anything!
Let me know if you need anything.
Let me know if you need help.
Let me know if you need more.
Let me know if you need my help.
Let me know if you notice any changes in the fish's behavior.
Let me know if you notice something.
Let me know if you run into any problems.
Let me know if you see something odd.
Let me know if you sign up at any point.
Let me know if you want to know how to say something in French.
Let me know if you want to polish your French. I think I can help you.
Let me know if you will be coming tomorrow.
Let me know if you won't be here on time.
Let me know if you work it out.
Let me know if you'll be coming tomorrow.
Let me know if you'll need anything.
Let me know if you're coming tomorrow.
Let me know if you're experiencing any pain.
Let me know if you're going to get histrionic so I can start making a video.
Let me know if you’ll need anything.
Let me know immediately if you have a problem.
Let me know immediately.
Let me know in advance if you are coming.
Let me know in advance when you're coming to Australia.
Let me know in advance when you're coming to Boston.
Let me know in case you feel sick.
Let me know in no time when he comes.
Let me know it as soon as you get there.
Let me know next time you're in town.
Let me know once you've decided when you'll come.
Let me know straight away who referred you.
Let me know the days when you can come.
Let me know the details.
Let me know the instant Tom arrives.
Let me know the moment Tom wakes up.
Let me know the next time you will visit, so I can make some cookies, tea and coffee.
Let me know the next time you're in town.
Let me know the next time you're planning to do that.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
Let me know the results later.
Let me know the time when he will come.
Let me know the time you are leaving.
Let me know the way.
Let me know what I can do to help.
Let me know what I can do.
Let me know what happens.
Let me know what time you plan to be here.
Let me know what time you want me there.
Let me know what you decide on.
Let me know what you decide to do.
Let me know what you decide.
Let me know what you find out.
Let me know what you find.
Let me know what you got on your exam.
Let me know what you need.
Let me know what you think in the comment section below.
Let me know what you think of Algiers.
Let me know what you think.
Let me know what you want to do.
Let me know what you're up to.
Let me know what you've decided by Monday.
Let me know what you've decided on Monday.
Let me know what your plans are.
Let me know what you’re up to.
Let me know what's happening.
Let me know when Tom arrives.
Let me know when Tom gets here.
Let me know when Tom gets home.
Let me know when Tom gets there.
Let me know when Tom's on.
Let me know when he will arrive.
Let me know when it's done.
Let me know when it's over.
Let me know when it's ready.
Let me know when it's time to leave.
Let me know when it's time.
Let me know when the parcel arrives.
Let me know when the parcel comes.
Let me know when the parcel has arrived.
Let me know when the parcel has come.
Let me know when you are leaving. We can go together.
Let me know when you complete the questionnaire.
Let me know when you feel comfortable enough to sleep together.
Let me know when you feel like sharing a bed.
Let me know when you figure out what we need to do.
Let me know when you find out what it is.
Let me know when you get that report back from Tom.
Let me know when you get the package.
Let me know when you hear from Tom.
Let me know when you leave work so I can warm up dinner.
Let me know when you need me again.
Let me know when you need me.
Let me know when you plan to come.
Let me know when you start.
Let me know when you want me to be there.
Let me know when you want to get underway again.
Let me know when you will arrive at the airport.
Let me know when you'll arrive at the airport.
Let me know when you'll be home.
Let me know when you'll be over.
Let me know when you'll be ready.
Let me know when you'll come back home.
Let me know when you'll return home.
Let me know when you're back home.
Let me know when you're coming back.
Let me know when you're done!
Let me know when you're done.
Let me know when you're going to leave.
Let me know when you're on your way back.
Let me know when you're ready to begin.
Let me know when you're ready to do that.
Let me know when you're ready to leave.
Let me know when you're ready to start.
Let me know when you're ready!
Let me know when you're ready.
Let me know when you're there.
Let me know when you've finished.
Let me know when your brain comes back from vacation.
Let me know when your plane will be arriving, and I'll meet you at the airport.
Let me know when your train will be arriving, and I'll meet you at the train station.
Let me know when you’ll return home.
Let me know whenever you come.
Let me know where you decide to go.
Let me know where you're staying, OK?
Let me know where you're staying.
Let me know where you’re staying.
Let me know whether I will be able to go with you.
Let me know whether you'll be there or not.
Let me know whether you're coming tomorrow.
Let me know which of these you want.
Let me know why it was that he came suddenly.
Let me know your address.
Let me know your decision by Monday at the latest.
Let me know your decision by Monday.
Let me know your decision by Tuesday at the latest.
Let me know your decision on Monday.
Let me know your departure in advance.
Let me know your exam results.
Let me know your new address.
Let me know!
Let me know, when you are ready!
Let me know.
Let me laugh.
Let me lead the way.
Let me lead you!
Let me leave!
Let me leave.
Let me lend you a hand.
Let me like what I like.
Let me live in peace.
Let me live my life.
Let me live.
Let me look at my girl.
Let me look at that.
Let me look at the menu.
Let me look at this again, OK?
Let me look at you.
Let me look at your rash.
Let me look for Tom first.
Let me look for myself.
Let me look in the backpack.
Let me look into it.
Let me look.
Let me make a few calls.
Let me make a few suggestions.
Let me make a guess.
Let me make a modest contribution.
Let me make a prediction.
Let me make a suggestion.
Let me make a trip over there.
Let me make dinner tonight.
Let me make it easier for you.
Let me make it up to you.
Let me make my position clear.
Let me make my stand clearer.
Let me make myself crystal clear.
Let me make one thing clear.
Let me make plain what I mean.
Let me make some coffee.
Let me make something clear.
Let me make something perfectly clear.
Let me make something very clear.
Let me make sure I have this straight.
Let me make sure I understand this.
Let me make sure your leg isn't broken.
Let me make things right.
Let me make this clear.
Let me make this simple for you.
Let me make you a cup of hot coffee.
Let me make you a drink.
Let me make you a ham sandwich.
Let me make you a sandwich.
Let me make you feel cherished, my neko boy.
Let me make you happy.
Let me make you some chicken soup.
Let me make you some coffee.
Let me make you some tea.
Let me make you something to eat.
Let me merge!
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
Let me not be wronged.
Let me off at the train station, please.
Let me off here.
Let me off the hook this time, please.
Let me offer some advice.
Let me offer you something to drink or eat.
Let me on.
Let me open it by myself.
Let me open the damn door.
Let me open the door for you.
Let me open the door.
Let me open this discussion.
Let me order a bottle of wine first!
Let me out of here.
Let me out of the car.
Let me out!
Let me out, somebody. I'm locked in.
Let me out, somebody. I’m locked in.
Let me out.
Let me paint you a picture.
Let me pass by!
Let me pass my old hand over your face.
Let me pass, please.
Let me pass.
Let me pause for thought to think it through.
Let me pay for it.
Let me pay for lunch today.
Let me pay for the dinner.
Let me pay for the pizza.
Let me pay for the tickets.
Let me pay for this.
Let me pay for your coffee.
Let me pay for your drink.
Let me pay my part of the bill.
Let me pay my share of expenses.
Let me pay my share of the expenses.
Let me pay my share.
Let me pay part of the bill.
Let me pay the bill.
Let me pay this time.
Let me pay tonight.
Let me pay.
Let me phrase that another way.
Let me pick up the check.
Let me play the next game.
Let me play you this song I've been writing for you. It's not much, but it's a start.
Let me play.
Let me point out one of the problems.
Let me point out some possible problems.
Let me point out the elephant in the room.
Let me point out three mistakes in your article.
Let me poop in peace.
Let me pour you a brandy.
Let me pour you a drink.
Let me pour you a glass of wine.
Let me practice.
Let me pretend to forget.
Let me propose a toast.
Let me prove it.
Let me push the button.
Let me put a fresh bandage on your arm.
Let me put down your new phone number in my notebook.
Let me put him on.
Let me put it another way.
Let me put it in a language you can understand.
Let me put it in another way.
Let me put it in plain language you can understand.
Let me put it like this: Why don't you take the money and leave?
Let me put it more clearly.
Let me put it this way.
Let me put my glasses on.
Let me put my question another way.
Let me put off my decision.
Let me put on my glasses since I can't hear you.
Let me put something on.
Let me put that somewhere safe.
Let me put this business in your hands.
Let me put this differently.
Let me put this in perspective for you.
Let me put your mind at ease.
Let me put your valuables in the safe.
Let me quickly adjust that.
Let me quickly fetch my violin.
Let me quickly get my violin.
Let me read in peace.
Let me read it.
Let me read the newspaper if you've finished with it.
Let me read the newspaper if you’ve finished with it.
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.
Let me read you a story.
Let me read you one of my poems.
Let me read you something.
Let me read your palm.
Let me reassure you. I myself don't always understand what I've written.
Let me recap what was said.
Let me recapitulate what was said.
Let me recount the whole thing from the start.
Let me refill your glass.
Let me refresh her memory.
Let me refresh his memory.
Let me refresh their memory.
Let me refresh your memory.
Let me reiterate what I've said.
Let me reiterate what I’ve said.
Let me relieve you of that case.
Let me relieve you of that case. It looks heavy.
Let me relieve you of that heavy parcel.
Let me relieve you of your baggage.
Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
Let me remind you my mother's words.
Let me remind you of something that you seem to have forgotten.
Let me remind you of something you seem to have forgotten.
Let me remind you of something.
Let me remind you that this was your brilliant idea.
Let me remind you that we're not professionals.
Let me remind you what's important.
Let me repair it.
Let me repeat it.
Let me repeat that.
Let me repeat this.
Let me repeat what I just said.
Let me repent.
Let me rephrase it.
Let me rephrase that.
Let me rephrase the question.
Let me rephrase this quickly.
Let me rest a bit.
Let me rest a little.
Let me rest for a while.
Let me rest.
Let me return to your question.
Let me reward you.
Let me ride your new motorcycle.
Let me rock you to sleep.
Let me row for a while.
Let me run you a bath, Mary.
Let me sample your cake.
Let me save you some time.
Let me save you some trouble.
Let me say a few words about our greatest success: until now we have always succeeded in creating problems where there weren't any before.
Let me say a few words by way of apology.
Let me say goodbye to Tom.
Let me say goodbye to her.
Let me say goodbye to him.
Let me say goodbye to them.
Let me say it honestly.
Let me say it once for all.
Let me say one more thing.
Let me say one thing.
Let me say that again.
Let me say that another way.
Let me say that sounds very fair.
Let me say this just once.
Let me say what I think.
Let me say what I will, he doesn't mind me.
Let me say what I will, he doesn’t mind me.
Let me say what I've got to say.
Let me say.
Let me see Tom.
Let me see a menu.
Let me see for myself if it's broken.
Let me see her.
Let me see how I feel tomorrow.
Let me see how it works.
Let me see if I can come up with a good translation for that.
Let me see if I can do anything.
Let me see if I can do that.
Let me see if I can do this.
Let me see if I can find it.
Let me see if I can fix that for you.
Let me see if I can get to know her.
Let me see if I can help you.
Let me see if I can sum this up.
Let me see if I have this right.
Let me see if Tom and Mary are ready to go.
Let me see if Tom and Mary are ready.
Let me see if Tom has changed his mind.
Let me see if Tom is ready to go.
Let me see if Tom is ready.
Let me see it again.
Let me see it, please.
Let me see it.
Let me see my daughter.
Let me see my son.
Let me see some ID.
Let me see some identification.
Let me see that again, Tom.
Let me see that file again.
Let me see that list.
Let me see that paper.
Let me see that smile!
Let me see that, Tom.
Let me see that.
Let me see the list.
Let me see the palms of your hands.
Let me see the pictures that you took in Australia.
Let me see the pictures you took in Australia.
Let me see the pictures you took in Boston.
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
Let me see the pictures.
Let me see the stuff.
Let me see those documents.
Let me see what I can do about that.
Let me see what I can do.
Let me see what I can find out.
Let me see what else my housekeeper wants.
Let me see what it looks like.
Let me see what we can do.
Let me see what you have in your hand.
Let me see what you have in your pocket.
Let me see what you have in your suitcase.
Let me see what you wrote.
Let me see what you've brought.
Let me see what you've got in your pocket.
Let me see what you've got.
Let me see what you've made.
Let me see what you've written.
Let me see what's going on in the next room.
Let me see what's in the box.
Let me see what's in your hand.
Let me see whether I can do that.
Let me see you again.
Let me see you do that again.
Let me see you drink it.
Let me see you eat it.
Let me see you rehearse.
Let me see you.
Let me see your ID.
Let me see your belly button.
Let me see your birthmark.
Let me see your driver's license.
Let me see your driving licence.
Let me see your face, sweetie. I miss you.
Let me see your face.
Let me see your hand, that I may read the future.
Let me see your hands!
Let me see your hands.
Let me see your health insurance certificate.
Let me see your knee.
Let me see your new guitar.
Let me see your notes.
Let me see your palm.
Let me see your papers.
Let me see your passport.
Let me see your prescription.
Let me see your receipt.
Let me see your ring.
Let me see your sketches.
Let me see your ticket, please.
Let me see your ticket.
Let me see your tongue!
Let me see your tongue.
Let me see your wound.
Let me see.
Let me see. It takes about two hours by bus.
Let me see. There were fifteen people.
Let me set up a meeting.
Let me sew that button on for you.
Let me share a few ideas with you.
Let me shell the crab.
Let me show it to you.
Let me show you a better one.
Let me show you a better way to do that.
Let me show you a few examples.
Let me show you a few pictures.
Let me show you a picture of Tom and his family.
Let me show you a picture of Tom playing golf.
Let me show you a picture of Tom that I took last weekend.
Let me show you a picture of my wife.
Let me show you a picture of the Statue of Liberty.
Let me show you an easier way to do that.
Let me show you an example.
Let me show you another way to do that.
Let me show you around Boston.
Let me show you around our house.
Let me show you around our humble place.
Let me show you around the town this afternoon.
Let me show you around this afternoon.
Let me show you around town this afternoon.
Let me show you around town.
Let me show you around.
Let me show you how I do it.
Let me show you how I do that.
Let me show you how Tom and Mary do that.
Let me show you how Tom does it.
Let me show you how Tom does that.
Let me show you how it works.
Let me show you how it's done.
Let me show you how to chop onions without crying.
Let me show you how to do it.
Let me show you how to do that.
Let me show you how to do what I want you to do.
Let me show you how to get there.
Let me show you how to have a good time.
Let me show you how to milk a goat.
Let me show you how to tie a tie.
Let me show you how to use chopsticks.
Let me show you how to use it.
Let me show you how to use this washing machine.
Let me show you how we do it.
Let me show you how we do that.
Let me show you many things which will be novel to you.
Let me show you my Kabyle dress.
Let me show you my TAP card collection.
Let me show you my new apartment.
Let me show you my new car.
Let me show you my new house.
Let me show you my scrapbook.
Let me show you our camp.
Let me show you some pictures of Tom when he was a baby.
Let me show you some pictures of my family.
Let me show you some pictures.
Let me show you some ways to prevent that.
Let me show you something I found.
Let me show you something else.
Let me show you something interesting.
Let me show you something really awesome.
Let me show you something.
Let me show you the Christmas card Tom sent me.
Let me show you the Christmas card that Tom sent me.
Let me show you the best way to do that.
Let me show you the easiest way to do that.
Let me show you the picture I painted last month.
Let me show you the pictures I took in Australia.
Let me show you the pictures I took in Boston.
Let me show you the truth.
Let me show you the way out.
Let me show you the way to the elevator.
Let me show you the way.
Let me show you this new hammer that I just bought.
Let me show you to the elevator.
Let me show you to your accommodation.
Let me show you what I bought today.
Let me show you what I can do.
Let me show you what I got from Tom.
Let me show you what I'm capable of.
Let me show you what I've got.
Let me show you what Tom gave me.
Let me show you where Australia is on the map.
Let me show you where Boston is on the map.
Let me show you where I live.
Let me show you where I work.
Let me show you where the guest room is.
Let me show you where to put that.
Let me show you where you can put your suitcases.
Let me show you.
Let me shuck the oysters.
Let me sing a song for you.
Let me sing you the song of my people.
Let me sing.
Let me sit down.
Let me sit here for a while.
Let me sit in the back.
Let me sit there.
Let me sleep a little longer.
Let me sleep for another ten minutes.
Let me sleep for ten more minutes.
Let me sleep just a little bit longer.
Let me sleep on it.
Let me sleep!
Let me sleep.
Let me slice the onions for you.
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
Let me slip out of this and get into something more comfortable.
Let me smell your breath.
Let me solve the problem for you.
Let me sort out your thoughts.
Let me sort through my clothes to see what I can donate.
Let me speak first.
Let me speak the way I want to speak.
Let me speak to Tom first.
Let me speak to Tom.
Let me speak to her first.
Let me speak to her.
Let me speak to him first.
Let me speak to him.
Let me speak to the crew.
Let me speak to them first.
Let me speak to them.
Let me speak to you first.
Let me speak with the foreman.
Let me speak, please.
Let me speak.
Let me spell it out for you.
Let me spend just five more minutes together with her.
Let me squeeze you tightly in my arms.
Let me stand up.
Let me start by introducing myself.
Let me start with you.
Let me stay a little bit longer.
Let me stay a little longer.
Let me stay a little while.
Let me stay for a night.
Let me stay here a bit longer.
Let me stay here a little longer.
Let me stay here please.
Let me stay here with you.
Let me stay here.
Let me stay with him just five more minutes.
Let me stay with you for five more minutes.
Let me stay with you just five more minutes.
Let me stay with you.
Let me stay.
Let me step inside.
Let me stop here.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
Let me suggest a better way of doing that.
Let me suggest a better way to do that.
Let me suggest a compromise.
Let me suggest some good places to visit.
Let me summarize the report.
Let me summarize what I said.
Let me summarize what Tom said.
Let me summarize what was said.
Let me survey the situation.
Let me swim.
Let me take Tom to Australia.
Let me take Tom with me.
Let me take a break, please.
Let me take a break.
Let me take a closer look at that.
Let me take a closer look.
Let me take a gander.
Let me take a guess!
Let me take a little break, please.
Let me take a look at it.
Let me take a look at that.
Let me take a look at this.
Let me take a look at your driver's license.
Let me take a look at your driver’s license.
Let me take a look at your tires.
Let me take a look under the hood.
Let me take a look.
Let me take a nap.
Let me take a picture of you in front of the fountain.
Let me take a picture of you.
Let me take a piss, put a scarf on, and then we can go.
Let me take a quick shower.
Let me take a short break.
Let me take a video of you, Tom.
Let me take a wild guess, Ziri.
Let me take a wild guess.
Let me take care of Tom.
Let me take care of that for you.
Let me take care of that.
Let me take care of this.
Let me take care of you.
Let me take it from here.
Let me take my coat off.
Let me take my jacket off.
Let me take my leave.
Let me take one of these.
Let me take over.
Let me take that back.
Let me take that off your hands for you.
Let me take that.
Let me take the lead on this.
Let me take the wheel.
Let me take this one.
Let me take this opportunity to express my thanks.
Let me take this.
Let me take those.
Let me take you back home.
Let me take you home.
Let me take you somewhere safe.
Let me take you there.
Let me take you to a Japanese restaurant.
Let me take you to a doctor.
Let me take you to dinner.
Let me take you to lunch.
Let me take you to someplace where you'll be safe.
Let me take you to the door.
Let me take you to the hospital.
Let me take your bag, Tom.
Let me take your blood pressure.
Let me take your coat.
Let me take your coats.
Let me take your hats.
Let me take your laptop, please. Mine is broken.
Let me take your picture.
Let me take your suitcase.
Let me take your temperature.
Let me talk first.
Let me talk to Tom about that.
Let me talk to Tom about this.
Let me talk to Tom again.
Let me talk to Tom alone, OK?
Let me talk to Tom alone.
Let me talk to Tom first.
Let me talk to Tom here.
Let me talk to Tom immediately.
Let me talk to Tom myself.
Let me talk to Tom personally.
Let me talk to Tom privately.
Let me talk to Tom tomorrow.
Let me talk to Tom tonight.
Let me talk to Tom.
Let me talk to Ziri.
Let me talk to a doctor.
Let me talk to a lawyer.
Let me talk to another salesman.
Let me talk to her alone, OK?
Let me talk to her alone.
Let me talk to her first.
Let me talk to her! She will be compliant with me.
Let me talk to her.
Let me talk to him alone, OK?
Let me talk to him alone.
Let me talk to him first.
Let me talk to him.
Let me talk to my associate.
Let me talk to my contacts.
Let me talk to my family.
Let me talk to my friends.
Let me talk to my supervisor.
Let me talk to somebody.
Let me talk to the crew.
Let me talk to the manager.
Let me talk to them alone, OK?
Let me talk to them alone.
Let me talk to them first.
Let me talk to them.
Let me talk to you a second.
Let me talk to you alone.
Let me talk to you first.
Let me talk to you for a minute.
Let me talk to you later.
Let me talk to you now.
Let me talk to you.
Let me talk to your manager.
Let me talk with Tom.
Let me talk with her.
Let me talk with him.
Let me talk with the prisoner.
Let me talk with them.
Let me talk, please.
Let me talk.
Let me taste it.
Let me teach you a better way to do that.
Let me teach you a simple way to remember that.
Let me teach you how to do that.
Let me teach you how to drive.
Let me teach you how to play chess.
Let me teach you how to say it in Berber.
Let me teach you how to say that in French.
Let me teach you how to tie a tie.
Let me teach you some verbs.
Let me teach you the patterns of the verb.
Let me tell Tom first and then you can tell Mary.
Let me tell Tom what I know.
Let me tell Tom what you want.
Let me tell Tom.
Let me tell her what I know.
Let me tell her.
Let me tell him what I know.
Let me tell him.
Let me tell it to you in two words: Fuck off.
Let me tell it!
Let me tell my side of the story.
Let me tell them what I know.
Let me tell them.
Let me tell you a bedtime story.
Let me tell you a funny story.
Let me tell you a joke that Tom told me today.
Let me tell you a joke.
Let me tell you a little about my school.
Let me tell you a little about myself.
Let me tell you a little bit of the inside story.
Let me tell you a little story.
Let me tell you a secret about how things work around here.
Let me tell you a secret no one else knows.
Let me tell you a secret.
Let me tell you a short story.
Let me tell you a story in French.
Let me tell you a story you've probably never heard before.
Let me tell you a story.
Let me tell you a thing.
Let me tell you about Boston.
Let me tell you about Tom.
Let me tell you about a girl I met yesterday.
Let me tell you about her.
Let me tell you about him.
Let me tell you about my plan.
Let me tell you about my trip to Boston.
Let me tell you about my trip.
Let me tell you about our project.
Let me tell you about our special.
Let me tell you about the accident.
Let me tell you about the case.
Let me tell you about the day I met Tom.
Let me tell you about the dream I had last night.
Let me tell you about the good old days.
Let me tell you about the origin of this school.
Let me tell you about the time I lost my virginity.
Let me tell you about them.
Let me tell you about us.
Let me tell you about what happened.
Let me tell you about what's going to happen tomorrow.
Let me tell you all something.
Let me tell you an amusing story.
Let me tell you an interesting story.
Let me tell you everything I know.
Let me tell you everything from the beginning.
Let me tell you exactly what happened.
Let me tell you exactly what's going on.
Let me tell you frankly what I think of you.
Let me tell you how I experienced it.
Let me tell you how I feel.
Let me tell you how I learned French.
Let me tell you how I really feel.
Let me tell you how Tom and I met.
Let me tell you how Tom and Mary met.
Let me tell you how it can be done.
Let me tell you how it happened.
Let me tell you how it works.
Let me tell you how this works.
Let me tell you how to do that.
Let me tell you how we solved the problem.
Let me tell you more about it.
Let me tell you more.
Let me tell you my plans.
Let me tell you my side of the story.
Let me tell you my theory.
Let me tell you one thing.
Let me tell you some jokes you've probably never heard before.
Let me tell you something about Australia.
Let me tell you something about Boston.
Let me tell you something about Finland.
Let me tell you something about Tom that you probably don't know.
Let me tell you something about Tom.
Let me tell you something about my family.
Let me tell you something about myself.
Let me tell you something as a friend.
Let me tell you something else I know.
Let me tell you something else.
Let me tell you something interesting.
Let me tell you something strange.
Let me tell you something that I haven't yet told anyone else.
Let me tell you something that I think you should know.
Let me tell you something that you don't know.
Let me tell you something you need to know.
Let me tell you something you should know.
Let me tell you something, Tom.
Let me tell you something.
Let me tell you that this can get much worse than that.
Let me tell you the facts.
Let me tell you the reason I don't want to do that.
Let me tell you the reason that happened.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don’t agree with you.
Let me tell you the rest of the story.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
Let me tell you the truth.
Let me tell you the whole story.
Let me tell you this. No one can succeed without making an effort.
Let me tell you this. No one succeeded without making an effort.
Let me tell you to begin with - He explained, while he went to sit on my bed - that I sympathise you with all my heart and have respect for your manner of living.
Let me tell you what I can offer you.
Let me tell you what I did today!
Let me tell you what I did today.
Let me tell you what I know.
Let me tell you what I need.
Let me tell you what I see.
Let me tell you what I think.
Let me tell you what I want for my birthday.
Let me tell you what I want you to do.
Let me tell you what I'll do.
Let me tell you what I'm going to do for you.
Let me tell you what I'm going to do.
Let me tell you what I've been doing.
Let me tell you what Tom said.
Let me tell you what Tom stole.
Let me tell you what depresses me.
Let me tell you what else you need to do.
Let me tell you what happened here last weekend.
Let me tell you what happened to me last night.
Let me tell you what happened to me.
Let me tell you what happened.
Let me tell you what it does.
Let me tell you what needs to be done.
Let me tell you what really happened.
Let me tell you what the big idea is.
Let me tell you what the point is.
Let me tell you what the problem is.
Let me tell you what this is all about.
Let me tell you what to do next.
Let me tell you what to look for.
Let me tell you what you can and can't do.
Let me tell you what you can do.
Let me tell you what you need to do.
Let me tell you what you need to know.
Let me tell you what you need to say.
Let me tell you what you should do.
Let me tell you what you're doing wrong.
Let me tell you what your problem is.
Let me tell you what's going on.
Let me tell you what's going to happen if you don't start behaving yourself.
Let me tell you what's going to happen now.
Let me tell you what's going to happen.
Let me tell you what's happening.
Let me tell you what’s going to happen if you don’t start behaving yourself.
Let me tell you why I did it.
Let me tell you why I did that.
Let me tell you why I don't like Tom.
Let me tell you why I don't want to do that.
Let me tell you why I don’t like Tom.
Let me tell you why I'm here.
Let me tell you why that happened.
Let me tell you why that's not going to happen.
Let me tell you why you shouldn't be here.
Let me tell you why you shouldn't do that.
Let me tell you why you shouldn’t be here.
Let me tell you why.
Let me tell you your fortune with cards.
Let me tell you, Sheena's clit is extremely sensitive.
Let me thank you at least for helping me.
Let me therefore enter upon this noble cause with a chearfulness, grounded upon this assurance, that my adversary's cause is maintain'd by nothing but fraud, fallacy, ignorance and barbarity; whereas mine has light, truth, reason, the practice and the learning of the best ages of the world, of its side.
Let me think a minute.
Let me think about it a bit longer.
Let me think about it a little longer.
Let me think about it a little more.
Let me think about it and I'll get back to you.
Let me think about it for a bit.
Let me think about it for a couple of days.
Let me think about it for a few days.
Let me think about it for a moment.
Let me think about it for a while.
Let me think about it some more.
Let me think about it.
Let me think about that a bit more.
Let me think about that for a couple of days.
Let me think about that for a moment.
Let me think about that.
Let me think about this for a minute.
Let me think about this for a moment.
Let me think about this for a while.
Let me think about this.
Let me think for a minute.
Let me think for a moment before making a decision.
Let me think for a moment.
Let me think for a second.
Let me think for a while.
Let me think for just a second.
Let me think it over a bit.
Let me think it over for a couple of days.
Let me think it over for a little bit.
Let me think it over, and I'll let you know later.
Let me think it over, and I’ll let you know later.
Let me think it through and through before I can give you a final answer.
Let me think of something else.
Let me think of the best way to say this.
Let me think over until Monday.
Let me think over.
Let me think this over.
Let me think!
Let me think.
Let me thread the needle for you.
Let me through!
Let me through! I'm a doctor.
Let me through, please.
Let me through.
Let me throw this stuff away.
Let me tie your shoes for you.
Let me to carry your suitcase for you.
Let me to do that for you.
Let me touch one of them.
Let me touch your face. I can't imagine how you look.
Let me translate.
Let me treat you next time, then.
Let me treat you to a cup of coffee at the coffee shop over there.
Let me treat you to lunch.
Let me try a magic spell.
Let me try again.
Let me try and spell it out for you.
Let me try another one.
Let me try doing it alone.
Let me try doing it by myself first.
Let me try doing it by myself.
Let me try doing that.
Let me try it again.
Let me try it on.
Let me try it.
Let me try one more time.
Let me try one of those.
Let me try something else.
Let me try something.
Let me try that again.
Let me try that.
Let me try this again.
Let me try to do that.
Let me try to explain it to you.
Let me try to explain.
Let me try to figure this out.
Let me try to get Tom some help.
Let me try to make this clearer.
Let me try to talk to Tom.
Let me try to talk to her.
Let me try to talk to him.
Let me try to talk to them.
Let me try!
Let me try.
Let me under your umbrella.
Let me update my CV.
Let me urinate.
Let me use it, too.
Let me use your computer.
Let me verify that.
Let me walk you home.
Let me walk you to the station.
Let me walk you to your car.
Let me wash that apple for you.
Let me wash the dishes.
Let me watch you do that again.
Let me welcome you to the Tatoeba Project.
Let me whisper in your ear.
Let me win for once.
Let me win.
Let me win. But if I cannot win, let me be brave in the attempt.
Let me wish upon a shooting star.
Let me work in peace.
Let me work, please!
Let me worry about that.
Let me write Tom a note.
Let me write down the address.
Let me write down the directions for you.
Let me write down the steps for you.
Let me write it down so I don't forget.
Let me write it down so I don’t forget.
Let me write that down so I don't forget.
Let me write that down.
Let me write this down.
Let me write you a prescription for some medicine.
Let me!
Let moss cover my grave.
Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.
Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat the fruit of his apple trees.
Let my hair down now if you can.
Let my mother know in advance, please.
Let my people go.
Let my prayer arise in your sight as incense; the lifting up of my hands as an evening sacrifice.
Let my things alone.
Let my wrath be unleashed.
Let no man deceive himself: if any one be not within the altar, he is deprived of the bread of God.
Let no one appropriate a common benefit.
Let no one escape.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
Let no one interfere with me.
Let no one lightly discuss the subject of rites.
Let no one of you speak.
Let no one speak.
Let no one think that the expenditure of vast sums for weapons and systems of defense can guarantee absolute safety for the cities and citizens of any nation.
Let nobody interfere with me.
Let not a beast bear a weight unequal to its strength.
Let not my love be called idolatry, nor my beloved as an idol show, since all alike my songs and praises be to one, of one, still such, and ever so.
Let not my soul go into their counsel, nor my glory be in their assembly: because in their fury they slew a man, and in their self-will they undermined a wall.
Let not the king say so!
Let one of us keep watch while another takes a nap.
Let one undo my shoes, lest from afar an envious look should smite me.
Let others do the fighting.
Let others wage wars, you, fortunate Austria, marry.
Let our action never contradict what we have said.
Let our secretary take care of these kinds of formalities.
Let peace happen in the world.
Let people live normal life.
Let people live peacefully!
Let people see the beauty of Islam.
Let respect be our priority.
Let respect illuminate our journey.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let some fresh air in.
Let some fresh air into the room every now and then.
Let some of the other players have a chance.
Let somebody else do it.
Let somebody else do that.
Let somebody else do this.
Let somebody else hire Tom.
Let somebody else hire her.
Let somebody else hire him.
Let somebody else hire them.
Let someone else do it.
Let someone else do that.
Let someone else handle it.
Let that be a lesson to you!
Let that be a lesson to you.
Let that be a warning.
Let that be the last time you speak to me with that tone.
Let that girl rock and roll.
Let the Quran talk to you.
Let the Yennayer festivities begin.
Let the animals out of their cages.
Let the battle begin!
Let the bird fly away.
Let the bird go.
Let the boy ask as much as he wants to.
Let the boy go.
Let the boys play.
Let the buyer beware.
Let the cake cool down before serving.
Let the cat go.
Let the cat in.
Let the cat out to enjoy the sunshine and fresh air.
Let the cat out.
Let the cats out to have some outdoor time.
Let the celebration start.
Let the celebrations begin.
Let the child crie.
Let the children come!
Let the children cry.
Let the children play!
Let the children play.
Let the chips fall where they may!
Let the chips fall where they may.
Let the chocolate melt in your mouth.
Let the cobbler stick to his last.
Let the coin throw decide.
Let the concert begin!
Let the controversy begin.
Let the cutting board air dry or pat it dry with a clean kitchen towel.
Let the dance begin.
Let the dead bury the dead.
Let the dead bury their dead.
Let the devil take him!
Let the dictionary of a language be invaded by hordes of foreign words, as long as its patterns of word and sentence structure stay intact, the foreign material will eventually be assimilated and the basic character of the language will survive essentially unchanged.
Let the discussions begin.
Let the doctor be old, and the barber young.
Let the doctor come, because I'm sick.
Let the dog go.
Let the dog in.
Let the dog inside.
Let the dog out, would you?
Let the dog out.
Let the door be closed at once.
Let the dung beetle take its dung ball to its burrow.
Let the dust settle.
Let the engine run.
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons.
Let the festivities begin.
Let the fight begin.
Let the flock out to feed.
Let the free market decide.
Let the fruit-tree come to bloom.
Let the fun begin!
Let the game begin!
Let the game begin.
Let the games begin.
Let the girls notice that bulge.
Let the glue dry for about an hour.
Let the good times roll.
Let the grass grow. Give some animals a home.
Let the ground be wool to you, father!
Let the hate eat you alive.
Let the healthy boy learn to suffer.
Let the holidays begin.
Let the images speak for themselves.
Let the innermost parts of your heart be pure.
Let the investigations begin.
Let the juice run out, then place the roast on a dish.
Let the kids have fun.
Let the kids off the bus first!
Let the kids off the bus first.
Let the magic carry you away to a magical universe here at Disneyland.
Let the magic of Ibiza sweep you away during an unforgettable holiday.
Let the magic of the Holidays enchants you and take the opportunity to rest your mind around an exceptional meal.
Let the magic of the fantastic Disneyland universe capture your heart.
Let the magic of the water and the flowers whisk you off into another world.
Let the magic overtake you and get lost in the world of Disneyland Paris.
Let the magic play its magic spell on you while you're taking a walk at Disneyland.
Let the magic settle in you here at Disneyland.
Let the magic surround you here at Disneyland.
Let the magic take over your heart and take over your whole mind here at Disneyland.
Let the market decide.
Let the matter drop.
Let the matter rest for a while.
Let the matter rest for the time being.
Let the matter rest until I get back.
Let the mayhem begin.
Let the milk stand overnight and skim off the cream.
Let the mixture cool.
Let the moving finger stop on - someone who understands Japanese.
Let the music play.
Let the onion chill in the fridge for 30 minutes before chopping.
Let the others write in English and write in your own language.
Let the paper be signed.
Let the party begin!
Let the party begin.
Let the past go.
Let the pie cool on the windowsill.
Let the pigs eat that.
Let the problem alone.
Let the punishment fit the crime.
Let the races begin.
Let the rain drown out your sorrow.
Let the reader be the judge.
Let the reader judge.
Let the revolt begin.
Let the rice sit for a bit.
Let the river take them upstairs.
Let the rules fall.
Let the sauce thicken first, but keep an eye on it and keep stirring.
Let the seance begin.
Let the show begin.
Let the soup boil a little longer.
Let the sugar caramelise.
Let the sugar caramelize.
Let the tea brew for ten minutes.
Let the tea draw for ten minutes.
Let the tea sit a while before you drink it.
Let the tea sit for ten minutes.
Let the tea steep for at least 5 minutes.
Let the technology do most of the work.
Let the travel agent handle the details.
Let the tricks begin!
Let the two lines be parallel.
Let the water flow, will you!
Let the wedding begin.
Let the weekend begin.
Let them advise you.
Let them all come.
Let them answer.
Let them be oppressed with works, and let them fulfil them; that they may not regard lying words.
Let them buy that for you.
Let them call me wicked.
Let them carry it.
Let them choose their own destiny.
Let them choose their own path.
Let them choose what’s best for them.
Let them come aboard.
Let them come in.
Let them come to this castle.
Let them come, I shall forgive them.
Let them come.
Let them cry.
Let them decide for themselves.
Let them decide what’s best for themselves.
Let them decide when they’re ready.
Let them decide.
Let them discover their own path forward.
Let them do all the talking.
Let them do it themselves.
Let them do that for you.
Let them do that.
Let them do the dirty work.
Let them do the talking.
Let them do their job.
Let them do their jobs.
Let them do their work.
Let them do this.
Let them eat cake!
Let them eat cake.
Let them eat if they want to.
Let them eat some bread.
Let them express how they feel.
Let them fight it out.
Let them fight.
Let them find peace at last.
Let them find their own path.
Let them find their own way in the world.
Let them find their own way.
Let them find their way in the world.
Let them finish speaking.
Let them finish talking.
Let them finish.
Let them get some fresh air.
Let them get some rest.
Let them go and find their own path.
Let them go back to their village.
Let them go home.
Let them go in.
Let them go now.
Let them go to hell!
Let them go.
Let them grow up.
Let them hate, provided they fear.
Let them have a taste of their own medicine.
Let them have fun.
Let them have it.
Let them have their fun.
Let them have their laugh if they feel like it, it is all the same to me.
Let them have their laugh, it leaves us completely unfazed.
Let them have their say.
Let them hear from you.
Let them help us.
Let them help you.
Let them hole up in the redoubt -- our troops will pass right by.
Let them in.
Let them keep their jobs.
Let them know I'll be late.
Let them know we're busy.
Let them know we're happy.
Let them know what's happening.
Let them know where I am.
Let them know.
Let them laugh as much as they want, it does not affect us at all.
Let them laugh if they want to laugh, it does not affect me.
Let them laugh or wish to laugh, I've finished my work.
Let them learn from us.
Let them leave.
Let them live.
Let them make their own choices.
Let them pass.
Let them relax.
Let them rest.
Let them say I'm bad.
Let them show you how it's done.
Let them sit there!
Let them sleep some more.
Let them sleep!
Let them sleep.
Let them solve their own problems.
Let them speak their mind freely.
Let them speak their truth.
Let them stay here.
Let them stay there.
Let them stay.
Let them take a look at it.
Let them take care of it.
Let them take care of themselves.
Let them take some rest.
Let them take the time they need to decide.
Let them take their time and decide.
Let them take their time to decide.
Let them talk first.
Let them talk.
Let them through.
Let them try doubling a recipe.
Let them try doubling the recipe.
Let them try it.
Let them try.
Let them use our dressing rooms.
Let them win one.
Let them!
Let then, the Master of Ravenswood have the interview on which he insisteth; it can but be as a passing pang to this honourable maiden, since her faith is now irrevocably pledged to the choice of her parents.
Let there be an end to wars and weaponry.
Let there be eternal peace!
Let there be light!
Let there be love.
Let there be no mistake about it.
Let there be no more delays.
Let there be not even the slightest doubt that this will cost us dearly. But that is the price we'll have to pay.
Let there be peace at last.
Let there be peace in the world.
Let there be peace!
Let these people go.
Let these sore eyes see you for the last time.
Let things take their own course.
Let this be a lesson for you.
Let this be a lesson to them.
Let this be a lesson to you.
Let this be a warning to Dan.
Let this be an example to you.
Let this cool breeze calm your anger.
Let this imbecile do what he wants. After all, it's not your problem.
Let this little book be thy friend, if, owing to fortune or through thine own fault, thou canst not find a dearer companion.
Let this little thing slide without affecting you.
Let this occur to no one.
Let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in.
Let those pigs hang!
Let those swim who can — the heavy may sink.
Let those who are in favor with their stars of public honor and proud titles boast, whilst I whom fortune of such triumph bars, unlooked for joy in that I honor most.
Let those who have ears hear.
Let thy understanding enter into the things that are doing and the things which do them.
Let up.
Let us agree to disagree.
Let us all go round and have a look at the horse together.
Let us all take off our masks and be frank one to another.
Let us also hear the other side.
Let us ask each other.
Let us back in.
Let us be frank.
Let us be fully aware of all the importance of this day, because today within the generous walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer have met not French with English, nor Russians with Polish, but people with people.
Let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic, and we will change the world.
Let us be patient.
Let us be silent!
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
Let us be united in the cause of justice.
Let us be.
Let us begin our analysis by positing the following question.
Let us begin, then.
Let us begin.
Let us beseech the blessing of Almighty God upon this great and noble undertaking.
Let us briefly recall an important result from group theory.
Let us buy that for you.
Let us celebrate Algeria's achievements, honor its contributions to global solidarity, and reaffirm our shared commitment to a more just and prosperous world.
Let us celebrate Algeria's remarkable progress in the fight against illiteracy, recognizing it as a beacon of hope and inspiration for the global community.
Let us come aboard.
Let us come in.
Let us complicate things further.
Let us consider in this connection the influence of Western ideologies on Korean literature.
Let us consider the gravity of this day, for today inside the hospitable walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer, the French are not meeting the English, nor are Russians meeting Poles, but people are meeting people.
Let us cook dinner together!
Let us daydream!
Let us defend our peace!
Let us depart from this accursed place!
Let us discuss.
Let us do all the talking.
Let us do our job.
Let us do that for you.
Let us do that.
Let us do the dirty work.
Let us do the first step!
Let us do the talking.
Let us do the work.
Let us do your laundry for you.
Let us drink tea.
Let us drink to friendship!
Let us enjoy all together, please stay with us.
Let us enrich ourselves with our mutual differences.
Let us ensure that dehumanizing and racist statements are never tolerated.
Let us ensure that hate speech and its normalization are never tolerated.
Let us examine the reasons, which seem to speak for the proposal.
Let us express man's despair in the face of the absurdity of existence.
Let us finish our work.
Let us first define "punk ass bitch."
Let us follow them!
Let us forget this problem.
Let us fulfill our profession as human beings, and the profession of the priest becomes worthless.
Let us get some fresh air.
Let us give you a piece of advice.
Let us go and see them.
Let us go forward together.
Let us go home.
Let us go right away.
Let us go to DC to see the national monument!
Let us go to hear the lesson.
Let us go together. We can swim across the river, carry off the bear cubs, take them to the house on the mountain, and together find happiness.
Let us go, please.
Let us go.
Let us guide you.
Let us handle that problem.
Let us handle the problem.
Let us handle them.
Let us handle this.
Let us have a break!
Let us have a circle that inscribes a square.
Let us have a fan.
Let us have a look.
Let us have a rest!
Let us have a small nap now.
Let us have diner.
Let us have wine and women, mirth and laughter, Sermons and soda water the day after.
Let us hear from you soon!
Let us hear your opinion.
Let us help Tom.
Let us help her.
Let us help him.
Let us help one another.
Let us help ourselves.
Let us help them.
Let us help you deal with it.
Let us help you do that.
Let us help you.
Let us help.
Let us hope for the best.
Let us hope that this is the last postponement.
Let us hope the world will never be on the brink of a nuclear war.
Let us in, please.
Let us in.
Let us inform you that the following arrangements have been made.
Let us invoke the gift of peace for the whole world, especially for those people who are suffering most because of ongoing conflicts.
Let us keep this up as long as we can.
Let us know by next Monday.
Let us know how it goes.
Let us know how it went.
Let us know how that works out for you.
Let us know how we can be of service.
Let us know how we can change that.
Let us know how we can help you.
Let us know how we can help.
Let us know how we may be of service to you.
Let us know if anyone else comes into the theater.
Let us know if we can be of any help.
Let us know if we have your support.
Let us know if you aren't coming.
Let us know if you aren't going to come.
Let us know if you can come.
Let us know if you can make it.
Let us know if you can't get here on time.
Let us know if you change your residence.
Let us know if you don't understand something.
Let us know if you feel unwell or if something hurts.
Let us know if you have any suggestions.
Let us know if you need anything.
Let us know if you see Tom.
Let us know if you'd like to join us.
Let us know if you're available next week.
Let us know if you're coming.
Let us know if you're experiencing any pain.
Let us know if you're here.
Let us know if you're not coming.
Let us know if you're not going to come.
Let us know in the comments below.
Let us know in the comments!
Let us know what happens.
Let us know what questions you have.
Let us know what you decide to do.
Let us know what you decide.
Let us know what you hear.
Let us know what you think of our website.
Let us know what you think.
Let us know what your plans are.
Let us know what's going on.
Let us know what's going to happen.
Let us know what's happening.
Let us know when you arrive.
Let us know when you decide what you want to do.
Let us know when you find out anything.
Let us know when you'll arrive.
Let us know when you'll be coming to Australia.
Let us know when you'll be coming to Boston.
Let us know when you're ready to leave.
Let us know when you’ll arrive.
Let us know where you are.
Let us know where you'll be staying.
Let us know where you'll be.
Let us know whether you can come.
Let us know whether you're coming.
Let us know your decision by next Monday.
Let us know your thoughts about Algeria's economy.
Let us know your thoughts about this.
Let us labor for that larger and larger comprehension of truth, that more and more thorough repudiation of error, which shall make the history of mankind a series of ascending developments.
Let us leave home.
Let us leave it at that!
Let us leave these concerns to posterity.
Let us leave.
Let us live in peace.
Let us live, my Lesbia, and let us love!
Let us make an effort -- in parallel with our efforts to identify ungrammatical English sentences -- not to lose through neglect our patrimony.
Let us meet Tom.
Let us never speak of it again.
Let us never speak of this again.
Let us not attribute to malice and cruelty what may be referred to less criminal motives. Do we not often afflict others undesignedly, and, from mere carelessness, neglect to relieve distress?
Let us not ban everything we disagree with.
Let us not be proud of the things that we should be ashamed of.
Let us not deceive ourselves.
Let us not delay any further.
Let us not forget about ourselves!
Let us not forget that Toki Pona is a language of extremely primitive people who are neither inclined nor even able to think accurately and elegantly.
Let us not forget that many of Shakespeare's words -- aye, and patterns, too -- were by him coined.
Let us not forget, dear brother, that man cannot be separated from himself.
Let us not give in to these demands!
Let us not hold too much to our rights, but very much to our duties.
Let us not kid ourselves.
Let us not lose sight of the forest for the trees.
Let us not struggle with destiny. Better that we let it take us by the hair and pull us to where it wants to raise us up or bring us down.
Let us not think that climate change will not affect us.
Let us not wait for others.
Let us not waste our time in idle discourse!
Let us out of here.
Let us out.
Let us pay tribute to MoḥYa, so as not to forget, he who perhaps listens to us, since he lives so far through his words, for eternity.
Let us plait a garland.
Let us play this game again.
Let us pray for a perfect, an eternal, peace.
Let us pray for him to live among us for a long time, because we really need him.
Let us pray that this violent crisis would soon be over.
Let us pray to the gods.
Let us pray together.
Let us pray.
Let us print the image of eternity on our life.
Let us protect our peace!
Let us protect the beautiful nature around us.
Let us protect the beautiful nature that surrounds us.
Let us provide people with better medical benefits!
Let us raise our glasses to the health of our grandfather!
Let us remain polite!
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it’s that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it’s that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
Let us remember them as they were.
Let us repeat together, so each of us will recite it better before the Master.
Let us repeat: cup, plate, knife, fork, spoon, teaspoon.
Let us rise, go out here into the court, and pass the time walking about there; then let us go.
Let us roll up our sleeves.
Let us search for what connects us, not divides us.
Let us see if we can cancel the gathering.
Let us see which fish we should catch.
Let us see who can tell the biggest lie, and the one who lies the best shall have the whole cake.
Let us settle the matter without a third party.
Let us shed some light on the matter.
Let us show you how it's done.
Let us sing a song.
Let us sing songs about the homeland.
Let us sing!
Let us sit down.
Let us sit!
Let us sleep!
Let us sleep.
Let us speak English.
Let us speak.
Let us spend this night together.
Let us start our week.
Let us start the job.
Let us stay here.
Let us stay.
Let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy.
Let us stroke our beards for a moment.
Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even loose change will go a long way.
Let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake; even pin-money will go a long way.
Let us support participatory practices.
Let us suppose she is here.
Let us suppose that the news is true.
Let us suppose that the number of incidents is twice that of those officially recorded.
Let us take a break to drink tea.
Let us take care of that.
Let us take care of this.
Let us take care of you.
Let us take food supplies for the journey.
Let us talk to Tom.
Let us talk to her.
Let us talk to him.
Let us talk to them.
Let us tell somebody!
Let us tell someone!
Let us tell you a secret.
Let us tell you everything we know.
Let us tell you why we came.
Let us think about it together and dream a little.
Let us think about the worst that could happen.
Let us through, please.
Let us together save the planet!
Let us touch base on this issue every morning at the beginning of the day.
Let us try it.
Let us try to compare his works with theirs.
Let us try to reproduce what happened yesterday.
Let us try to swim against the current.
Let us turn now to the fundamental issue.
Let us two sit down.
Let us understand one another once and for all.
Let us unite for world Peace.
Let us wait and see.
Let us weigh one catty of cuttlefish.
Let us work!
Let us worry about that.
Let well alone.
Let well enough alone!
Let well enough alone.
Let whatever happens happen.
Let x be a prime number.
Let yesterday's mistake be your teacher today.
Let your belly button heal.
Let your belly button piercing heal.
Let your brother handle this.
Let your children play.
Let your clothes dry.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Let your curiosity be greater than your fear.
Let your dad sleep.
Let your doctor know how you've been feeling.
Let your dog calm down.
Let your feelings flow.
Let your food cool off a bit; don't eat it while it's hot.
Let your food cool off a bit; don’t eat it while it’s hot.
Let your good deeds continue.
Let your hair down a little.
Let your hair down!
Let your hair down.
Let your hand free to express what your mind tells it.
Let your heart heal.
Let your imagination run wild.
Let your kindness flood the world.
Let your mind wander.
Let your muscles calm down.
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
Let your senators know about any issues going on in your community.
Let your smile be your umbrella.
Let your soul turn to peace!
Let your uncle think about it.
Let yourself be carried away by the magic of Disneyland.
Let yourself be guided.
Let yourself be happy.
Let yourself fall without stopping your fall, fearless of the shadow's end.
Let yourself feel.
Let yourself go completely.
Let yourself think.
Let! First serve.
Let! First service.
Let! Second serve.
Let! Second service.
Let' go back to Kabylie.
Let's a keep on moving forward.
Let's abolish football!
Let's abolish soccer!
Let's abolish work.
Let's absolutely take care not to forget our childlike innocence.
Let's accept.
Let's accost someone.
Let's acknowledge our team is weaker than the U.S.'s.
Let's acquaint her with our decision immediately.
Let's act like we're foreigners.
Let's act!
Let's adapt!
Let's adapt.
Let's add ambiguous sentences more often.
Let's add him to the guest list.
Let's add some editing magic.
Let's address the elephant in the room.
Let's address the fundamental issues.
Let's adjourn to the dining room for dinner.
Let's adjourn until tomorrow.
Let's agree on this: you don't tell me what to do, and I won't tell you where to go.
Let's agree then that you'll give me news about the case.
Let's agree then that you'll inform me about the case.
Let's agree to disagree.
Let's agree to share in the profits.
Let's agree: if you win the order from Müller & Söhne GmbH, you get the loan. I will personally commit to it. But if you don't get the contract, I'm sorry.
Let's all admit Tom is a pretty good guy.
Let's all admit that Tom is a pretty good guy.
Let's all be Muslims.
Let's all be friends.
Let's all be in good health and let's keep ourselves healthy during the whole year!
Let's all be nice to each other.
Let's all calm down.
Let's all cherish our Flemish heritage together.
Let's all chip in some money.
Let's all chip in thirty dollars.
Let's all do it.
Let's all do that together.
Let's all do that.
Let's all drink wine at work!
Let's all drink!
Let's all eat together.
Let's all get along.
Let's all get back to work.
Let's all get drunk tonight.
Let's all get together again tomorrow.
Let's all get together over Christmas.
Let's all give Tom a hand.
Let's all give her a hand.
Let's all give him a hand.
Let's all give them a hand.
Let's all go and watch them.
Let's all go help our Genoese friends.
Let's all go home now.
Let's all go out for dinner. It's on me.
Let's all go to Australia together.
Let's all go to Boston together.
Let's all go to Luna Park.
Let's all go to Tom's.
Let's all go to an all-you-can-eat Yakiniku restaurant.
Let's all go to the ballpark.
Let's all go to the funfair.
Let's all go together.
Let's all go tomorrow afternoon.
Let's all go.
Let's all have supper.
Let's all help Tom and Mary do that.
Let's all help Tom do that.
Let's all help Tom.
Let's all hug.
Let's all just calm down.
Let's all just eat together.
Let's all just sit down and try to talk about what's happened.
Let's all keep that in mind.
Let's all learn French.
Let's all make a toast to our glory days.
Let's all meet at 2:30 in the lobby.
Let's all pick up our used napkins and put them in the trash.
Let's all pitch in and get the work done.
Let's all play together.
Let's all pray together.
Let's all raise our glasses and give a toast to our special guest, eh?
Let's all remember to be nice.
Let's all settle down here.
Let's all settle down.
Let's all sing together.
Let's all sing.
Let's all sit.
Let's all smile.
Let's all stand.
Let's all start learning French.
Let's all stay at the same hotel.
Let's all stay calm.
Let's all stay in touch.
Let's all stay together.
Let's all take a deep breath.
Let's all take a step back and think.
Let's all take off our shoes.
Let's all think on this together and we might be able to come up with some good ideas. They say two heads are better than one.
Let's all try to get along.
Let's all work together.
Let's allow Tom to do that again.
Let's allow Tom to do that.
Let's allow Tom to invite friends to the party. He asks so much!
Let's ally ourselves to that group.
Let's also learn Kazakh!
Let's always be friends.
Let's always tell each other the truth.
Let's analyze the facts.
Let's analyze the machine.
Let's analyze this picture.
Let's appeal to the people to see what they'll say.
Let's appeal to the public and see what it will say.
Let's apply for a grant to study that.
Let's approach the problem from a different angle.
Let's approach this from a different angle.
Let's approach this problem from a different angle.
Let's approach this problem from another angle.
Let's approach this problem from different angle.
Let's arm wrestle.
Let's arrange for a 7:00 a.m. wake-up call.
Let's arrange it for the day after tomorrow.
Let's arrange the details later.
Let's arrive as soon as possible.
Let's ask Alí what he thinks.
Let's ask Mary if she can help us.
Let's ask Mary if she knows how to speak French.
Let's ask Mary if she knows what to do.
Let's ask Mary what she thinks.
Let's ask Mary when she gets back home.
Let's ask Mary when she thinks she'll arrive.
Let's ask Mary why she was late.
Let's ask Tom about that.
Let's ask Tom and Mary if they know how to speak French.
Let's ask Tom and Mary over for dinner tonight.
Let's ask Tom and Mary when they think they'll arrive.
Let's ask Tom and Mary why they were late.
Let's ask Tom for help.
Let's ask Tom if he can help us.
Let's ask Tom if he has any idea how to proceed.
Let's ask Tom if he knows how to speak French.
Let's ask Tom if he knows what to do.
Let's ask Tom if he paid his taxes.
Let's ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
Let's ask Tom if he'd do that for us.
Let's ask Tom if he'd like to do that.
Let's ask Tom if he'd like to play volleyball with us.
Let's ask Tom something else.
Let's ask Tom to cook.
Let's ask Tom to dance.
Let's ask Tom to do it.
Let's ask Tom to do something else.
Let's ask Tom to do that for us.
Let's ask Tom to do that.
Let's ask Tom to explain it.
Let's ask Tom to give a speech.
Let's ask Tom to help us.
Let's ask Tom to help.
Let's ask Tom to leave.
Let's ask Tom to not sit in the back.
Let's ask Tom to sing a song.
Let's ask Tom to sing.
Let's ask Tom to sit in the back.
Let's ask Tom to take our picture.
Let's ask Tom what he thinks when he gets back.
Let's ask Tom what he thinks.
Let's ask Tom what we should do.
Let's ask Tom when he gets back home.
Let's ask Tom when he thinks he'll arrive.
Let's ask Tom why he was late.
Let's ask Tom.
Let's ask a travel agent.
Let's ask at the circulation desk.
Let's ask for it.
Let's ask for more money.
Let's ask for more time.
Let's ask for permission first.
Let's ask for something else.
Let's ask her something else.
Let's ask her when she comes back home.
Let's ask her when she gets back home.
Let's ask her.
Let's ask him something else.
Let's ask him.
Let's ask if it's true.
Let's ask in a travel agency.
Let's ask ourselves why this happened.
Let's ask ourselves why.
Let's ask some questions.
Let's ask someone for directions.
Let's ask someone the way.
Let's ask someone!
Let's ask someone.
Let's ask that employee over there, they might know how much it costs.
Let's ask that policeman over there for directions.
Let's ask that policeman over there the way.
Let's ask the boy who lives next door.
Let's ask the neighbors to look after the dog while we're away.
Let's ask the policeman over there for directions.
Let's ask the teacher.
Let's ask the way there.
Let's ask the way.
Let's ask them something else.
Let's ask them.
Let's ask where it is.
Let's ask.
Let's assume I do believe you.
Let's assume Tom and Mary are right.
Let's assume Tom is correct.
Let's assume Tom is right.
Let's assume Tom won't be here on time.
Let's assume Tom won't be here.
Let's assume Tom won't be there.
Let's assume for the moment that I believe you.
Let's assume he would be here.
Let's assume it happened exactly as Tom says it did.
Let's assume it's true.
Let's assume that I do believe you.
Let's assume that Tom and Mary are correct.
Let's assume that Tom and Mary are right.
Let's assume that Tom is correct.
Let's assume that Tom is right.
Let's assume that Tom won't be here on time.
Let's assume that it happened exactly as Tom says it did.
Let's assume that it's true.
Let's assume that that won't happen.
Let's assume that that'll happen.
Let's assume that this man has made an error.
Let's assume that won't happen.
Let's assume that you're right.
Let's assume that'll happen.
Let's assume that's not going to happen.
Let's assume that's true.
Let's assume you get super-rich by betting on races.
Let's assume you're doing this not for him, but for me.
Let's assume you're right.
Let's assume you're right. So what?
Let's at least buy what Tom wants.
Let's at least talk about it.
Let's attack again.
Let's attack.
Let's attend to our work instead of talking.
Let's avoid jumping the gun.
Let's avoid that situation in the future.
Let's avoid using the unofficial word "sakrala" and instead say "sankta" or "malprofana."
Let's back up a bit.
Let's back up.
Let's bake a birthday cake.
Let's bake cookies.
Let's bake some cookies this afternoon.
Let's ban it!
Let's barricade the door.
Let's barter.
Let's bask in the sun together, kitty.
Let's be BFFs!
Let's be aggressive.
Let's be best friends forever.
Let's be brave.
Let's be brief.
Let's be buds.
Let's be calm and consider the situation.
Let's be calm, people.
Let's be calm.
Let's be candid for a moment.
Let's be candid.
Let's be careful about men.
Let's be careful not to allow them the cheat us again.
Let's be careful not to catch a cold.
Let's be careful not to let this happen again.
Let's be careful not to make that mistake again.
Let's be careful what we ask for.
Let's be careful.
Let's be cautious.
Let's be civilized.
Let's be clear about that.
Let's be clear about this.
Let's be clear on this.
Let's be clear.
Let's be content with what we have.
Let's be content.
Let's be creative.
Let's be done with the argument.
Let's be early.
Let's be energy-efficient and turn off the lights when we're not using them.
Let's be extra careful today.
Let's be fair.
Let's be frank about it.
Let's be frank in this question.
Let's be frank with each other.
Let's be frank.
Let's be friends again.
Let's be friends forever.
Let's be friends from now on.
Let's be friends, OK?
Let's be friends.
Let's be friends?
Let's be going now.
Let's be good.
Let's be happy!
Let's be happy.
Let's be honest here.
Let's be honest with each other.
Let's be honest!
Let's be honest, you're envious of my success.
Let's be honest.
Let's be honest. That joke was about me.
Let's be kind.
Let's be late.
Let's be logical about this.
Let's be magnanimous toward our rivals.
Let's be more careful this time.
Let's be more prepared when we act next time.
Let's be neat.
Let's be neurodivergent together.
Let's be nice.
Let's be objective.
Let's be off now.
Let's be off.
Let's be on our way.
Let's be optimistic.
Let's be optimists!
Let's be optimists.
Let's be pals.
Let's be patient.
Let's be practical.
Let's be quiet.
Let's be rational here.
Let's be ready for anything.
Let's be real here.
Let's be realistic and try the impossible.
Let's be realistic here.
Let's be realistic.
Let's be reasonable.
Let's be safe.
Let's be serious, gentlemen.
Let's be serious.
Let's be silent.
Let's be smart.
Let's be sure that we're all who we say we are.
Let's be sure we're all who we say we are.
Let's be sure.
Let's be thankful for everything we have.
Let's be together forever.
Let's be tolerant.
Let's beat Japan!
Let's beat it before it gets too late.
Let's beat it.
Let's begin again.
Let's begin at 2:30.
Let's begin at page 30.
Let's begin at the beginning.
Let's begin at the last line but one.
Let's begin by considering the similarities.
Let's begin immediately.
Let's begin now.
Let's begin on page 30.
Let's begin our work at once.
Let's begin practicing voice projection.
Let's begin right away.
Let's begin the class.
Let's begin the discussion after he comes.
Let's begin with Lesson 3.
Let's begin with capitalism, a word that has gone largely out of fashion. The approved reference now is to the market system. This shift minimizes — indeed, deletes — the role of wealth in the economic and social system. And it sheds the adverse connotation going back to Marx. Instead of the owners of capital or their attendants in control, we have the admirably impersonal role of market forces. It would be hard to think of a change in terminology more in the interest of those to whom money accords power.
Let's begin with soup.
Let's begin with that question.
Let's begin with the fifth line on page 10.
Let's begin with the first chapter.
Let's begin with the simplest.
Let's begin with this problem.
Let's begin!
Let's begin, OK?
Let's begin, Ziri.
Let's begin, then.
Let's begin.
Let's behave.
Let's bid.
Let's bike somewhere.
Let's bike!
Let's blow the fans.
Let's boil potatoes.
Let's both be careful.
Let's both jump into the water at the same time!
Let's both look out for each other.
Let's both pay attention.
Let's bounce.
Let's bow.
Let's box.
Let's boycott them.
Let's break down the door!
Let's break for lunch.
Let's break for some tea.
Let's break it.
Let's break off for half an hour and have some coffee.
Let's break off, shall we?
Let's break stereotypes!
Let's break the habit of picking our noses, alright?
Let's break the mold.
Let's break the problem down.
Let's break up the party.
Let's break up.
Let's breathe the fresh air.
Let's bring Tom up to speed on this.
Let's bring in our guest from Algiers.
Let's bring manufacturing jobs back to America.
Let's bring our troops home.
Let's bring the noise level down a notch.
Let's build a bonfire!
Let's build a castle in the sand.
Let's build a dike.
Let's build a fire.
Let's build a hut.
Let's build a pillow fort.
Let's build a raft.
Let's build a receptive and tolerant society without discrimination or racism!
Let's build a sandcastle.
Let's build a snowman later.
Let's build a wall.
Let's build on your plan.
Let's build something.
Let's build the country with actions and words.
Let's build your house here.
Let's bunk off class.
Let's burn it.
Let's burn these leaves.
Let's bury it.
Let's bury the hatchet and be friends again!
Let's bury the hatchet.
Let's buy Tom a baseball glove.
Let's buy Tom a bicycle.
Let's buy Tom a dog.
Let's buy Tom a drink.
Let's buy Tom a pony.
Let's buy Tom a tennis racket.
Let's buy Tom one of these.
Let's buy Tom one.
Let's buy Tom some strawberries.
Let's buy Tom this cap.
Let's buy Tom this one.
Let's buy a baseball glove for Tom.
Let's buy a bicycle for Tom.
Let's buy a box of cherries.
Let's buy a couple of magazines to read on the train.
Let's buy a dog for Tom.
Let's buy a dog for him.
Let's buy a few weapons.
Let's buy a hotel in Kabylie.
Let's buy a new one.
Let's buy a new refrigerator.
Let's buy a pony for Tom.
Let's buy a tennis racket for Tom.
Let's buy a watermelon.
Let's buy everyone a drink.
Let's buy half a watermelon.
Let's buy her a drink.
Let's buy her one.
Let's buy her this one.
Let's buy him a dog.
Let's buy him a drink.
Let's buy him a smart watch.
Let's buy him a watch.
Let's buy him one.
Let's buy him this one.
Let's buy it.
Let's buy one for Tom, too.
Let's buy one for him.
Let's buy one of these for Tom, too.
Let's buy one of these for Tom.
Let's buy one.
Let's buy some apples.
Let's buy some bananas.
Let's buy some donuts.
Let's buy some ice cream at the ice cream shop.
Let's buy some magazines and books before the flight.
Let's buy some roses.
Let's buy some strawberries for Tom.
Let's buy some strawberries.
Let's buy something else.
Let's buy something for you to wear to the party.
Let's buy something nice for Tom.
Let's buy something to drink.
Let's buy something to eat.
Let's buy something!
Let's buy something.
Let's buy the cheaper one.
Let's buy this cap for Tom.
Let's buy this car.
Let's buy this one for Tom.
Let's buy this one.
Let's buy this radio.
Let's buy three of them.
Let's buy three.
Let's bypass the protection circuit.
Let's call Bill up.
Let's call Tokyo the Big Mikan!
Let's call Tom and see if he wants to come over.
Let's call Tom and tell him we need to reschedule.
Let's call Tom now.
Let's call Tom.
Let's call a bus.
Let's call a cab.
Let's call a doctor.
Let's call a press conference.
Let's call a spade a spade, and Israel's policies against Palestinian Arabs is racism.
Let's call a spade a spade.
Let's call a taxi and go back home.
Let's call at his house.
Let's call each other in a day or two.
Let's call each other tomorrow.
Let's call for backup.
Let's call for help.
Let's call for reinforcements.
Let's call for the ambulance.
Let's call her Taninna.
Let's call her.
Let's call him Snoopy.
Let's call him now.
Let's call him.
Let's call in sick.
Let's call it a day today.
Let's call it a day, shall we?
Let's call it a day.
Let's call it a night, Ziri.
Let's call it a night, shall we?
Let's call it a night.
Let's call it quits.
Let's call off this attack.
Let's call out to the people around the world.
Let's call the dog Skipper.
Let's call the lost and found office at the airlines.
Let's call the police.
Let's call the whole thing off.
Let's call them together for a meeting.
Let's call them.
Let's call things by their proper names.
Let's call things by their right names.
Let's call this one a draw.
Let's call your parents.
Let's call.
Let's calm down, guys.
Let's calm down.
Let's camp here.
Let's cancel our picnic. It's too cold today.
Let's cancel the meeting.
Let's cancel the picnic.
Let's cancel.
Let's carpool.
Let's carry on the discussion.
Let's carry on.
Let's carve a totem pole.
Let's cast lots.
Let's catch a bite.
Let's catch a cab and go back home.
Let's catch a quick bite.
Let's catch a taxi and go home.
Let's catch him!
Let's catch up at lunch.
Let's catch up next weekend, OK?
Let's celebrate it with Tom.
Let's celebrate our diversity.
Let's celebrate our victory!
Let's celebrate our victory.
Let's celebrate the anniversary of our first date.
Let's celebrate the anniversary of our first kiss.
Let's celebrate this with some couscous.
Let's celebrate together.
Let's celebrate with ice cream.
Let's celebrate!
Let's celebrate.
Let's change channels. This program is boring.
Let's change channels. This program isn't very interesting.
Let's change into our swimsuits and go swimming.
Let's change now.
Let's change places.
Let's change seats.
Let's change that.
Let's change the name of our band.
Let's change the password.
Let's change the question.
Let's change the rules.
Let's change the subject.
Let's change the topic.
Let's change the world.
Let's change this.
Let's change.
Let's chase out corrupt politicians!
Let's chat later in the chat room.
Let's chat later in the chat.
Let's chat!
Let's chat.
Let's cheat.
Let's check Algeria's inflation rate.
Let's check Algeria's inflation.
Let's check Tom's background.
Let's check again to clear our conscience.
Let's check for head-lice.
Let's check if the TV works.
Let's check if this TV works.
Let's check it later.
Let's check it out.
Let's check it.
Let's check more thoroughly.
Let's check one more time.
Let's check our facts carefully before we say anything about this.
Let's check that shop, too.
Let's check the map.
Let's check their business records.
Let's check their security cameras.
Let's check whether she already finished.
Let's check why your answers are different than mine.
Let's check why your answers differ from mine.
Let's check with Tom and see what his problems are.
Let's check with Tom.
Let's check with an expert.
Let's check with her.
Let's check with him.
Let's check with them.
Let's check your boarding pass.
Let's check.
Let's chillax.
Let's chip in.
Let's choose a name for the child.
Let's choose the best of the tomato crop and take them to the market.
Let's chuck it.
Let's circle back.
Let's clap.
Let's classify the names of the students alphabetically.
Let's clean our room.
Let's clean out the garage before Tom gets back from Boston.
Let's clean the entire office next Saturday.
Let's clean the garden, shall we?
Let's clean the house.
Let's clean the living room first and then clean the kitchen.
Let's clean this up.
Let's clean up the whole desk.
Let's clean up this mess.
Let's clean up.
Let's clear out the attic.
Let's clear that up with Tom.
Let's clear the air.
Let's clear the table.
Let's clear this area.
Let's clear this up right now.
Let's clear this up.
Let's clear up this problem.
Let's climb down these rocks.
Let's climb that mountain to see it.
Let's climb to the top of this mountain.
Let's close ranks and do something new.
Let's close the subject.
Let's collaborate.
Let's collect some money to buy her that birthday present.
Let's combine forces.
Let's come back here again tomorrow.
Let's come back here someday.
Let's come back home!
Let's come back to it later.
Let's come back to the base.
Let's come back to this later.
Let's come back.
Let's come here every month.
Let's come together.
Let's come up with a new plan.
Let's commence with what's straightforward.
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
Let's compare Algeria to its neighbors.
Let's compare his work with hers.
Let's compare the economies of Algeria and Tunisia.
Let's compare the translation with the original.
Let's compare the two.
Let's compare this dictionary with that one.
Let's compete.
Let's complete this picture quickly.
Let's compromise.
Let's conceal this secret from him.
Let's concentrate instead on the benefits of the matter!
Let's concentrate on the future, OK?
Let's concentrate on the future.
Let's concentrate on the job at hand.
Let's concentrate on what Tom is about to perform.
Let's concentrate on what needs to be done today.
Let's concentrate.
Let's conclude that providence knows what we need better than we do.
Let's conduct a research.
Let's conduct a study.
Let's confirm that first.
Let's conform!
Let's congratulate Tom.
Let's congratulate her.
Let's congratulate him.
Let's congratulate them.
Let's conquer the world.
Let's conserve our limited water resources.
Let's conserve our limited water supply.
Let's consider a concrete example.
Let's consider it again when the time comes.
Let's consider my alternate plan.
Let's consider the problem in all its bearings before making a decision.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
Let's consider these factors in order.
Let's consider these factors in turn.
Let's consider this matter settled.
Let's consider this point carefully.
Let's consider what might happen.
Let's consolidate our research and present our results at the meeting tomorrow.
Let's contact Tom.
Let's contemplate Swedish meatballs for a moment.
Let's continue doing it the way we've been doing it.
Let's continue doing this.
Let's continue from where we left off yesterday.
Let's continue from where we left off.
Let's continue talking in English, please.
Let's continue the game after lunch.
Let's continue the game after supper.
Let's continue this discussion after lunch.
Let's continue this discussion first thing tomorrow morning.
Let's continue this discussion tomorrow.
Let's continue this discussion.
Let's continue this tomorrow.
Let's continue to do this.
Let's continue tomorrow!
Let's continue where we left off yesterday.
Let's continue with some essential phrases.
Let's continue with the lesson for today.
Let's continue working together to make that happen.
Let's continue.
Let's contrast spring with fall.
Let's contribute to this project.
Let's cook and eat the fish!
Let's cook dinner together.
Let's cook it.
Let's cook something.
Let's cook.
Let's cool it.
Let's cooperate where we can, let's confront where we must.
Let's cooperate.
Let's count heads before we leave.
Let's count how much we've got.
Let's count to ten.
Let's crack this!
Let's crawl.
Let's create a grassroots political movement by using the possibilities of the Internet.
Let's cross here.
Let's cross our fingers.
Let's cross over to the other side.
Let's cross some T's and dot some I's.
Let's cross that bridge when we come to it.
Let's cross that bridge when we get there.
Let's cross the bridge together.
Let's cross the next street.
Let's cross the street.
Let's cross this field.
Let's cut Tom some slack.
Let's cut across this field.
Let's cut class together!
Let's cut class!
Let's cut class.
Let's cut down our expenses.
Let's cut her some slack.
Let's cut him some slack.
Let's cut right to the heart of the matter.
Let's cut the cake now.
Let's cut the crap.
Let's cut the dike.
Let's cut the onion before cooking it in oil.
Let's cut them some slack.
Let's cut to the chase.
Let's cycle somewhere.
Let's dance all night long!
Let's dance in the rain.
Let's dance till the break of dawn!
Let's dance to her song.
Let's dance together.
Let's dance!
Let's dance, Ziri.
Let's dance, darling!
Let's dance, my darling.
Let's dance, shall we?
Let's dance.
Let's deal with that first.
Let's deal with that problem today.
Let's deal with the formalities.
Let's debate with each other about the matter.
Let's decide by coin toss.
Let's decide later.
Let's decide on the date for the picnic.
Let's decide on the places we'll visit.
Let's decide that all countries will act with equal determination and reduce carbon dioxide emissions into our atmosphere.
Let's decide the winner by lot.
Let's decide together where to go first.
Let's decide tonight.
Let's decide what needs to be decided, then let's split into two teams, OK?
Let's decide where we should meet.
Let's decide with a coin toss.
Let's declare war on biology.
Let's declare war on science.
Let's deconstruct this graph and see what its says about Chinese economy.
Let's decorate the Christmas tree.
Let's define our terms.
Let's definitely do that.
Let's defrost the refrigerator.
Let's defy Tom together.
Let's delay this decision until tomorrow.
Let's demand an explanation from him!
Let's depart after breakfast.
Let's descend the slope.
Let's develop good habits by always turning off the lights when we're done using a room.
Let's devise a new strategy.
Let's dig up the potatoes.
Let's dig.
Let's dine at restaurant this evening.
Let's dine out for a change.
Let's dine out tonight. I'm too tired to cook.
Let's discard old papers.
Let's discover the other side of Algeria.
Let's discuss Algeria's history in detail.
Let's discuss Venezuela's hyper-inflation.
Let's discuss every item on the list.
Let's discuss how we can get this done by Monday.
Let's discuss it later.
Let's discuss it now.
Let's discuss it over a cup of coffee.
Let's discuss it over dinner tonight.
Let's discuss it over dinner.
Let's discuss it with Tom.
Let's discuss it.
Let's discuss our options.
Let's discuss that in my office.
Let's discuss that problem later.
Let's discuss that problem tomorrow.
Let's discuss that with Tom first.
Let's discuss that with Tom.
Let's discuss that.
Let's discuss the details later.
Let's discuss the geopolitics of Algeria.
Let's discuss the matter here.
Let's discuss the matter later.
Let's discuss the matter right now.
Let's discuss the matter with Tom first.
Let's discuss the plan over a cup of coffee.
Let's discuss the problem and see if we can come up with a solution.
Let's discuss the problem with them.
Let's discuss the problem.
Let's discuss the respective merits of the candidates.
Let's discuss these problems one at a time.
Let's discuss this at another time.
Let's discuss this later.
Let's discuss this next Monday.
Let's discuss this next Thursday.
Let's discuss this outside.
Let's discuss this over a glass of wine in the hot springs.
Let's discuss this over coffee.
Let's discuss this over lunch.
Let's discuss this tomorrow.
Let's discuss this with Tom first.
Let's discuss this.
Let's discuss what happened in Australia.
Let's discuss what happened in Boston.
Let's discuss what happened last night.
Let's discuss what happened to Tom.
Let's discuss what needs to be done.
Let's discuss what we need to do.
Let's discuss your idea.
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
Let's discuss.
Let's dispense with formalities.
Let's ditch Tom.
Let's ditch her.
Let's ditch him.
Let's ditch school today.
Let's ditch school tomorrow.
Let's ditch them and hide under the bleachers.
Let's ditch them.
Let's ditch these people and go home.
Let's ditch this bozo.
Let's ditch this joint.
Let's dive in.
Let's divide the check between us.
Let's divide the money equally between us.
Let's divide the work equally.
Let's divide this money between you and me.
Let's do Tom a favor.
Let's do a l'chaim.
Let's do a little exercise.
Let's do a pregnancy test.
Let's do a quick recap.
Let's do a scientific experiment.
Let's do a toast.
Let's do a urine analysis.
Let's do an experiment!
Let's do anything to save our marriage.
Let's do as much as we can today and finish the rest tomorrow.
Let's do away with all formalities.
Let's do better than that.
Let's do business.
Let's do dinner tomorrow.
Let's do it Tom's way.
Let's do it after school.
Let's do it again sometime.
Let's do it again, guys.
Let's do it again.
Let's do it another time.
Let's do it anyway.
Let's do it at Tom's house.
Let's do it at another time.
Let's do it at our own pace without hurrying.
Let's do it for Tom.
Let's do it for her.
Let's do it for him, you know he cares.
Let's do it for him.
Let's do it for our children's sake.
Let's do it for them.
Let's do it in another way.
Let's do it like this: I'll speak for five minutes, then you'll have five minutes to speak, and then we'll discuss.
Let's do it like we did yesterday.
Let's do it my way.
Let's do it now.
Let's do it on Monday.
Let's do it once and for all.
Let's do it once more.
Let's do it one more time.
Let's do it one step at a time.
Let's do it ourselves.
Let's do it right away.
Let's do it right now.
Let's do it right.
Let's do it slowly.
Let's do it some other time.
Let's do it straight away.
Let's do it the way Tom showed us.
Let's do it this way.
Let's do it together.
Let's do it tonight.
Let's do it when he comes.
Let's do it with Tom.
Let's do it your way.
Let's do it!
Let's do it, Ziri.
Let's do it.
Let's do lunch!
Let's do more of it.
Let's do more of that.
Let's do more.
Let's do one thing at a time.
Let's do only one thing at a time.
Let's do our best again today.
Let's do our best to make Algiers a better city.
Let's do our best to stay together.
Let's do our best, okay?
Let's do our best.
Let's do our homework together.
Let's do our job.
Let's do some boxing.
Let's do some exercise to work up an appetite.
Let's do some exploring together.
Let's do some more of it.
Let's do some more of that.
Let's do some more.
Let's do someone a favor.
Let's do something about that today.
Let's do something crazy.
Let's do something different this afternoon.
Let's do something different today.
Let's do something different.
Let's do something else.
Let's do something fun!
Let's do something fun.
Let's do something good.
Let's do something later this evening!
Let's do something new.
Let's do something special for Tom's birthday.
Let's do something this weekend.
Let's do something to cheer him up!
Let's do something together as a family.
Let's do something together tomorrow.
Let's do something together.
Let's do something we've never done before.
Let's do something!
Let's do something.
Let's do that Monday afternoon.
Let's do that after Tom and Mary get here.
Let's do that after Tom gets here.
Let's do that after school.
Let's do that again tomorrow.
Let's do that again.
Let's do that as much as we can.
Let's do that as soon as possible.
Let's do that as soon as we can.
Let's do that at Tom's house.
Let's do that before Tom gets here.
Let's do that by ourselves.
Let's do that first thing on Monday.
Let's do that first.
Let's do that for Tom.
Let's do that instead.
Let's do that just like we did it last time.
Let's do that later.
Let's do that next Monday.
Let's do that next month.
Let's do that next week instead of tomorrow.
Let's do that now.
Let's do that once again.
Let's do that one more time.
Let's do that right away.
Let's do that right now.
Let's do that some other time.
Let's do that sometime next Monday.
Let's do that soon.
Let's do that the day after tomorrow.
Let's do that this evening.
Let's do that today.
Let's do that together after lunch.
Let's do that together sometime.
Let's do that together tomorrow, OK?
Let's do that together tomorrow.
Let's do that together, OK?
Let's do that together.
Let's do that tomorrow, not today.
Let's do that tomorrow.
Let's do that tonight.
Let's do that while we're waiting.
Let's do that with Tom.
Let's do that!
Let's do that, OK?
Let's do that, shall we?
Let's do that.
Let's do the deal.
Let's do the dishes.
Let's do the exact opposite.
Let's do the following.
Let's do the homework together.
Let's do the math.
Let's do the work.
Let's do this again next year.
Let's do this again sometime!
Let's do this again sometime.
Let's do this again soon.
Let's do this again tomorrow morning.
Let's do this again tomorrow?
Let's do this again.
Let's do this again. It's been a lot of fun.
Let's do this another time.
Let's do this as a first step.
Let's do this as quickly as possible.
Let's do this before I change my mind.
Let's do this before it gets hot.
Let's do this carefully.
Let's do this coloring book together, Mary.
Let's do this first of all.
Let's do this first.
Let's do this in anger!
Let's do this in chronological order.
Let's do this later.
Let's do this now.
Let's do this one step at a time.
Let's do this properly.
Let's do this quietly.
Let's do this right.
Let's do this some other time.
Let's do this somewhere else.
Let's do this together.
Let's do this tomorrow.
Let's do this while it's still cool.
Let's do this!
Let's do this, Ziri.
Let's do this.
Let's do what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Let's do what Tom said.
Let's do what Tom says.
Let's do what Tom suggested.
Let's do what Tom wants us to do.
Let's do what Tom wishes.
Let's do what we did yesterday.
Let's double back.
Let's double check.
Let's draw a stone.
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
Let's draw lots.
Let's draw straws.
Let's drink a bit.
Let's drink a few glasses of beer.
Let's drink a little more.
Let's drink a lot.
Let's drink a toast to Tom.
Let's drink a toast to our friends!
Let's drink all night.
Let's drink and be merry.
Let's drink and dance.
Let's drink and enjoy ourselves tonight.
Let's drink and enjoy ourselves.
Let's drink and forget all our problems.
Let's drink and forget all our troubles.
Let's drink and forget what happened.
Let's drink and get acquainted.
Let's drink and get to know each other.
Let's drink and have a good time.
Let's drink and have fun.
Let's drink and have some fun.
Let's drink and relax.
Let's drink and sing merrily.
Let's drink and sing with joy.
Let's drink and sing.
Let's drink and talk.
Let's drink another beer.
Let's drink beer.
Let's drink champagne.
Let's drink coffee while we talk.
Let's drink coffee.
Let's drink cognac.
Let's drink elsewhere.
Let's drink enough to get drunk.
Let's drink first.
Let's drink here.
Let's drink instead.
Let's drink it, Ziri.
Let's drink milk.
Let's drink more.
Let's drink one more and I'll drive you home.
Let's drink one more bottle of wine.
Let's drink our coffee first.
Let's drink schnapps.
Let's drink smoothies.
Let's drink some Scotch.
Let's drink some beer.
Let's drink some booze.
Let's drink some brandy.
Let's drink some coffee or something at that coffee shop over there.
Let's drink some coffee.
Let's drink some cognac.
Let's drink some milk.
Let's drink some more.
Let's drink some shots.
Let's drink some tea while we wait.
Let's drink some tea.
Let's drink some vodka.
Let's drink some water.
Let's drink some whiskey.
Let's drink some wine.
Let's drink something else.
Let's drink something.
Let's drink somewhere else.
Let's drink tea and eat chocolate!
Let's drink tea or some other beverage while waiting.
Let's drink tea.
Let's drink the cup of tea here.
Let's drink the night away.
Let's drink this beer.
Let's drink this bottle of wine first.
Let's drink this wine.
Let's drink this.
Let's drink till dawn.
Let's drink to Tom's success.
Let's drink to a job well done.
Let's drink to absent friends.
Let's drink to glory.
Let's drink to his success.
Let's drink to life.
Let's drink to love.
Let's drink to luck.
Let's drink to our charming hostess!
Let's drink to our friendship.
Let's drink to our future.
Let's drink to peace.
Let's drink to success.
Let's drink to that.
Let's drink to the bride.
Let's drink to the end of Sami as a manager.
Let's drink to us.
Let's drink to your health!
Let's drink together.
Let's drink up.
Let's drink vodka.
Let's drink whiskey.
Let's drink wine or beer.
Let's drink wine.
Let's drink, eat, and talk about our woeful deeds.
Let's drink.
Let's drive as far as the sea.
Let's drive by Tom's house and see if he's finished painting it yet.
Let's drive into the city this afternoon.
Let's drive into the city.
Let's drive to Boston.
Let's drive to Vegas on Friday.
Let's drive to Vegas.
Let's drive to the beach today.
Let's drive to the beach.
Let's drive to the lake.
Let's drop anchor here.
Let's drop by Tom's on the way home.
Let's drop by his house.
Let's drop in at that coffee lounge.
Let's drop in for a drink.
Let's drop in on the Fukudas.
Let's drop in on the Jacksons.
Let's drop in on the Nakamoris'.
Let's drop it.
Let's drop our nuclear waste pile in the middle of the Amazon rainforest, just to show nature who's boss.
Let's drop the pretense.
Let's drop the subject.
Let's drop this unpleasant subject and switch to something joyful.
Let's dry off.
Let's dust off the dashboard and wipe it clean.
Let's ease up.
Let's eat Chinese food.
Let's eat Chinese.
Let's eat Grandma.
Let's eat a bit.
Let's eat a lot.
Let's eat a watermelon!
Let's eat already!
Let's eat already.
Let's eat and drink, since tomorrow we'll die.
Let's eat as soon as Tom and Mary get home.
Let's eat as soon as Tom gets home.
Let's eat at Chuck's Diner today.
Let's eat at Chuck's Diner?
Let's eat at a Mexican restaurant next time.
Let's eat at home.
Let's eat at that food stall across the road.
Let's eat at the restaurant across the street from the hotel.
Let's eat beans.
Let's eat beef.
Let's eat before our dinner gets cold.
Let's eat before the food gets cold.
Let's eat before we go.
Let's eat bread.
Let's eat breakfast on the porch.
Let's eat by the river.
Let's eat cake.
Let's eat cereal.
Let's eat chicken.
Let's eat cookies.
Let's eat dessert.
Let's eat dinner before we do that.
Let's eat dinner here again tomorrow.
Let's eat dinner.
Let's eat early tonight.
Let's eat everything without being picky.
Let's eat everything.
Let's eat fast.
Let's eat faster.
Let's eat first and then think about it.
Let's eat first.
Let's eat grandma!
Let's eat here.
Let's eat hot dogs.
Let's eat hotdogs.
Let's eat in here.
Let's eat in the park like we used to.
Let's eat in this evening.
Let's eat instead.
Let's eat it all.
Let's eat it here.
Let's eat it now.
Let's eat kababs.
Let's eat later.
Let's eat lunch at that restaurant.
Let's eat lunch earlier than usual.
Let's eat lunch outside.
Let's eat lunch together.
Let's eat lunch.
Let's eat meat.
Let's eat melon sherbet and chocolate ganache cake.
Let's eat more.
Let's eat noodles.
Let's eat now, OK?
Let's eat now.
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.
Let's eat now. I'm starving.
Let's eat our dinner before it gets cold.
Let's eat our food before it gets cold.
Let's eat out for a change.
Let's eat out next Monday.
Let's eat out next Sunday.
Let's eat out on Friday, shall we?
Let's eat out on the patio.
Let's eat out this evening.
Let's eat out tonight!
Let's eat out tonight.
Let's eat out tonight. I'm too tired to cook.
Let's eat out tonight; I'm too tired to cook.
Let's eat out tonight; I'm too tired; I can't make food anymore.
Let's eat out, OK?
Let's eat out.
Let's eat outside instead of in our tents.
Let's eat outside.
Let's eat pizza for lunch today.
Let's eat pizza.
Let's eat quickly.
Let's eat quietly.
Let's eat ramen.
Let's eat rice.
Let's eat slowly.
Let's eat some dessert, alright?
Let's eat some pasta.
Let's eat something before we go out.
Let's eat something before we go.
Let's eat something before we leave.
Let's eat something before we start drinking.
Let's eat something different today.
Let's eat something else.
Let's eat something quick and go back to work, we've got a lot left to do.
Let's eat something quickly.
Let's eat something.
Let's eat somewhere else.
Let's eat soon.
Let's eat soybeans instead of meat.
Let's eat spaghetti.
Let's eat steak.
Let's eat steaks.
Let's eat sukiyaki.
Let's eat supper.
Let's eat sushi.
Let's eat that.
Let's eat the ice cream now before it melts.
Let's eat the ice cream now, since it melts quickly.
Let's eat the ice cream now. It's going to melt.
Let's eat there.
Let's eat these.
Let's eat this.
Let's eat together tonight.
Let's eat together.
Let's eat while the food is still warm.
Let's eat while the food is warm.
Let's eat, Grandma.
Let's eat, drink, and be merry.
Let's eat, grandma!
Let's eat, people!
Let's eat.
Let's eat. I'm starving.
Let's economize on time.
Let's either play backgammon or chess.
Let's either play checkers or chess.
Let's either speak French or not speak at all.
Let's elect Putin once more!
Let's elope together.
Let's elope.
Let's embark on a wilderness adventure-camping trip, anyone?
Let's embrace each day for what it is.
Let's encourage the exchange of diverse ideas!
Let's encourage the players.
Let's end all this bickering.
Let's end here for today.
Let's end it here and now.
Let's end it.
Let's end the discussion.
Let's end this debate right now.
Let's end this debate.
Let's end this discussion.
Let's end this dispute once and for all.
Let's end this fast.
Let's end this nonsense.
Let's end this now.
Let's end this silly argument.
Let's end this unpleasant conversation.
Let's end this.
Let's end up this useless argument right now!
Let's endure till help comes.
Let's enjoy it.
Let's enjoy ourselves to our heart's content.
Let's enjoy ourselves.
Let's enjoy the last rays of sunshine outside.
Let's enjoy the long holiday.
Let's enjoy the long vacation.
Let's enjoy the moment.
Let's enjoy this afternoon tea.
Let's enjoy this beautiful day.
Let's enjoy this peace and quiet.
Let's enjoy what the good Lord has given us.
Let's ensure we treat each other with dignity.
Let's enter.
Let's escape the city and enjoy a day of fishing.
Let's escape together.
Let's establish a healthy routine. Start by going to bed early.
Let's establish some ground rules.
Let's examine NATO's responsibility in the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian war.
Let's examine the numbers.
Let's examine this a little more closely.
Let's examine this more closely.
Let's exchange contact details!
Let's exchange contacts.
Let's exchange phone numbers.
Let's exercise together.
Let's experience life together!
Let's explain that to Tom.
Let's explain the difference between absorption and adsorption.
Let's explain things from the future's perspective: we are the future's monkeys.
Let's explore Algeria this time.
Let's explore Algeria.
Let's explore Algiers.
Let's explore the forest!
Let's explore the possibilities.
Let's explore this cave.
Let's extend our heartiest welcome to Miyake-san.
Let's face facts.
Let's face facts: it's impossible. We'll never manage it.
Let's face it, Ziri.
Let's face it, he's not going to change his mind.
Let's face it, it's impossible. We're never gonna make it.
Let's face it, we have a lot of ground to cover.
Let's face it, what you're trying to do is impossible.
Let's face it.
Let's face it: this sentence is simply bad.
Let's face reality.
Let's face the facts!
Let's face the facts.
Let's face the reality!
Let's face the truth.
Let's fall in love.
Let's fast.
Let's feast!
Let's feed Tom first.
Let's feed the birds.
Let's feed the cats next.
Let's feed the cats.
Let's feed the chickens.
Let's feed the children first.
Let's feed the children.
Let's feed the ducks.
Let's feed the giraffes.
Let's feed the kids.
Let's feed the monsters.
Let's feed the pigeons.
Let's feed you some meat.
Let's feel out the situation before we do anything more.
Let's fight for a world without wars and force.
Let's fight them together.
Let's fight to the last.
Let's fight.
Let's figure it out.
Let's figure out a better way to do this.
Let's figure out the cost of the trip.
Let's figure out what needs to be done.
Let's figure this out together.
Let's figure this out.
Let's find Algeria on the map.
Let's find Highway 483 on this map.
Let's find Tom a nice office.
Let's find Tom before Mary does.
Let's find Tom.
Let's find a bar.
Let's find a better place to do this.
Let's find a better way to deal with that itch, okay?
Let's find a better way to do this.
Let's find a cab.
Let's find a cafe.
Let's find a designated place for your sports equipment to avoid it taking up space.
Let's find a diner.
Let's find a gas station; we've run out of fuel.
Let's find a good place to pitch our tent.
Let's find a place to camp.
Let's find a place to eat.
Let's find a place to hide.
Let's find a place to put your luggage.
Let's find a place to rest.
Let's find a place to sit.
Let's find a quiet beach where we can have a picnic.
Let's find a quiet place where we can talk.
Let's find a quiet spot where we can talk.
Let's find a restaurant and get something to eat.
Let's find a safe place to hide.
Let's find a shelter before rain starts falling down on us.
Let's find a shelter where we can shelter ourselves in, rain is breaking out in the sky.
Let's find a solution that is acceptable to everyone.
Let's find a solution that's acceptable to everyone.
Let's find a table and talk.
Let's find a table.
Let's find a taxi.
Let's find a way out.
Let's find a way to do that.
Let's find a way to escape.
Let's find an exit.
Let's find another place.
Let's find another solution.
Let's find another table.
Let's find common ground.
Let's find help.
Let's find her.
Let's find him.
Let's find it.
Let's find our seats.
Let's find out for sure.
Let's find out how Tom did that.
Let's find out how Tom died.
Let's find out how bad things are.
Let's find out how badly Tom was injured.
Let's find out how far it is to the zoo.
Let's find out how good Tom's French is.
Let's find out how much we owe Tom.
Let's find out how things went.
Let's find out how well Tom can speak French.
Let's find out if Tom is right.
Let's find out if Tom trusts us.
Let's find out if Tom wants to go with us.
Let's find out if it works.
Let's find out if that's possible.
Let's find out if that's true.
Let's find out if we're wrong.
Let's find out more about Tom.
Let's find out more about her.
Let's find out more about him.
Let's find out more about them.
Let's find out more.
Let's find out their names.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary need us to do.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary think.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want to do.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want.
Let's find out what Tom can do.
Let's find out what Tom did.
Let's find out what Tom expects us to do.
Let's find out what Tom has.
Let's find out what Tom is doing.
Let's find out what Tom is going to do.
Let's find out what Tom is up to.
Let's find out what Tom knows.
Let's find out what Tom needs us to do.
Let's find out what Tom thinks.
Let's find out what Tom wants to do.
Let's find out what Tom wants us to do.
Let's find out what Tom wants.
Let's find out what Tom's secret is.
Let's find out what else Tom and Mary want.
Let's find out what else Tom knows.
Let's find out what else Tom wants.
Let's find out what happened first.
Let's find out what happened.
Let's find out what is best to do, not what is most commonly done.
Let's find out what it is.
Let's find out what it's for.
Let's find out what needs to be done.
Let's find out what that was.
Let's find out what the problem is.
Let's find out what the schedule is.
Let's find out what the truth is.
Let's find out what this is for.
Let's find out what this is made of.
Let's find out what this means.
Let's find out what time the concert begins.
Let's find out what time we're supposed to be there.
Let's find out what we can do to help.
Let's find out what we can.
Let's find out what we have to do.
Let's find out what we need to do.
Let's find out what we should be doing.
Let's find out what went wrong.
Let's find out what's going on first.
Let's find out what's going on.
Let's find out what's happened.
Let's find out what's happening.
Let's find out what's in that box.
Let's find out what's inside.
Let's find out what's wrong here.
Let's find out where Tom and Mary are.
Let's find out where Tom and Mary live.
Let's find out where Tom has been.
Let's find out where Tom is now.
Let's find out where Tom is.
Let's find out where Tom lives.
Let's find out where Tom really is.
Let's find out where Tom was.
Let's find out where Tom went.
Let's find out where else Tom went.
Let's find out where everybody is.
Let's find out where this was made.
Let's find out where we're going.
Let's find out which paper towel is the sturdiest.
Let's find out who did that.
Let's find out who did this.
Let's find out who he is.
Let's find out who it was.
Let's find out who killed Tom.
Let's find out who killed her.
Let's find out who killed him.
Let's find out who killed them.
Let's find out who owns this place.
Let's find out who sent this to us.
Let's find out who she is.
Let's find out who stabbed Tom.
Let's find out who stabbed her.
Let's find out who stabbed him.
Let's find out who stole Tom's car.
Let's find out who stole our money.
Let's find out who that girl is.
Let's find out who that guy is.
Let's find out who that is.
Let's find out who that man is.
Let's find out who the winner is.
Let's find out who they are.
Let's find out who this belongs to.
Let's find out who was here.
Let's find out who won.
Let's find out who's down there.
Let's find out who's next.
Let's find out why that happened.
Let's find out why this happens.
Let's find out why.
Let's find out.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
Let's find shelter.
Let's find some food.
Let's find some shelter.
Let's find some weapons.
Let's find somebody else.
Let's find someone else.
Let's find someone to help us.
Let's find someone who really knows how to do this.
Let's find someone.
Let's find someplace quiet to talk.
Let's find something fun to do.
Let's find something to eat.
Let's find something to sit on.
Let's find something we can agree on.
Let's find somewhere else to hide this.
Let's find somewhere else to hide.
Let's find somewhere else to practice.
Let's find somewhere to sit at the front.
Let's find somewhere to sit near the front.
Let's find somewhere to sit.
Let's find the equation that shifts the parabola y=x²−4x+7 three spaces on the x-axis and -2 spaces on the y-axis.
Let's find the exit.
Let's find the others.
Let's find them.
Let's find you a hiding place.
Let's find you a place to lie down.
Let's find you a place to live.
Let's find you a place to sit down.
Let's find you a place to sit.
Let's find you a place to sleep.
Let's find you a place to stay.
Let's find you some clothes.
Let's find you some help.
Let's find you some proper clothes.
Let's find you some work.
Let's find you something else to wear.
Let's find you something to eat.
Let's find you something to read.
Let's find you something to wear.
Let's finish clearing the table.
Let's finish doing this tomorrow.
Let's finish for today.
Let's finish it now.
Let's finish it right away.
Let's finish it.
Let's finish on a hopeful note.
Let's finish on a positive note.
Let's finish on an optimistic note.
Let's finish the first season.
Let's finish the indica.
Let's finish the job.
Let's finish the work quickly and enjoy ourselves.
Let's finish them off!
Let's finish this job tonight.
Let's finish this later.
Let's finish this today, so that we can rest tomorrow.
Let's finish this today, so we can rest tomorrow.
Let's finish this today.
Let's finish this work as soon as possible.
Let's finish this, Tom.
Let's finish this.
Let's finish up in a hurry.
Let's finish up.
Let's finish what we started.
Let's fire Tom.
Let's fire her.
Let's fire him.
Let's fire them.
Let's first discuss Dr. Tom's report.
Let's first see what happens in Australia.
Let's fix it together.
Let's fix it.
Let's fix the bullseyes in the windshield.
Let's fix the date for the picnic.
Let's fix the windshield.
Let's fix this.
Let's flag a taxi and go home.
Let's flip a coin.
Let's flip through the channels to see what's on TV.
Let's fly a kite.
Let's fly kites.
Let's fly to Boston instead of driving.
Let's fly.
Let's focus on Algeria.
Let's focus on getting this done.
Let's focus on our goals.
Let's focus on that.
Let's focus on what needs to be done first.
Let's focus on what needs to be done today.
Let's focus on what we do know, and not on what we need to find out.
Let's focus on what we have in common.
Let's follow Tom.
Let's follow Ziri's example.
Let's follow her.
Let's follow him.
Let's follow his advice.
Let's follow the author's advice!
Let's follow the others.
Let's follow the speed limit.
Let's follow them.
Let's forget I said anything.
Let's forget about Tom.
Let's forget about bad things! Well, at least until we're reminded of them.
Let's forget about her.
Let's forget about him.
Let's forget about last night.
Let's forget about our differences and focus on how we're the same.
Let's forget about our problems, and enjoy ourselves today.
Let's forget about that.
Let's forget about the past.
Let's forget about them.
Let's forget about this.
Let's forget about what happened last night.
Let's forget about what happened today.
Let's forget about what happened yesterday.
Let's forget about what just happened.
Let's forget about what was yesterday.
Let's forget about yesterday.
Let's forget all that.
Let's forget everything about that conclusion.
Let's forget everything and move on.
Let's forget everything.
Let's forget it for now.
Let's forget it!
Let's forget it.
Let's forget last night ever happened.
Let's forget that this whole thing happened.
Let's forget that.
Let's forget the past and talk about the future.
Let's forget the past.
Let's forget the whole thing, OK?
Let's forget the whole thing.
Let's forget them.
Let's forget this ever happened.
Let's forget this happened.
Let's forget this problem.
Let's forget this whole thing happened.
Let's forget this, OK?
Let's forget this.
Let's forget to study and enjoy ourselves tonight.
Let's forget what can't be changed.
Let's forget what happened in the past and forgive each other.
Let's forget what happened yesterday.
Let's forget what just happened.
Let's forget what we can't change.
Let's fuck.
Let's gargle and wash our hands as soon as we get home so that we don't catch a cold.
Let's gas up.
Let's gather around the table and list all the things we hate. I have a pretty long list.
Let's gather these apples now, or they'll go bad.
Let's gear up and head out.
Let's get Chinese.
Let's get Italian.
Let's get Tom and Mary to do that for you.
Let's get Tom back.
Let's get Tom one of these.
Let's get Tom out of here.
Let's get Tom out of the water.
Let's get Tom out of there.
Let's get Tom something useful for Christmas.
Let's get Tom to bed.
Let's get Tom to do it.
Let's get Tom to do that for us.
Let's get Tom to do that for you.
Let's get Tom to do that.
Let's get Tom to leave.
Let's get Tom to look into the problem.
Let's get Tom to play some tunes on the piano.
Let's get Tom's opinion first.
Let's get Tom.
Let's get a beer.
Let's get a bottle of whiskey.
Let's get a bottle of whisky.
Let's get a cab.
Let's get a cat.
Let's get a chicken.
Let's get a closer look.
Let's get a coffee!
Let's get a couple things out of the way.
Let's get a cup of coffee.
Let's get a doughnut.
Let's get a drink.
Let's get a few protein-style burgers from the drive-thru.
Let's get a group photo.
Let's get a little closer.
Let's get a move on before the break ends.
Let's get a move on! The break is ending.
Let's get a move on.
Let's get a move on. We've got no time to lose.
Let's get a picture of the whole team.
Let's get a picture of us together for my mom.
Let's get a picture of us together.
Let's get a picture of us with the sea in the background.
Let's get a second opinion.
Let's get a smaller car.
Let's get a takeaway.
Let's get a taxi and go home.
Let's get a taxi.
Let's get acquainted.
Let's get along.
Let's get an early start.
Let's get an open ticket.
Let's get another one.
Let's get at the root of the matter.
Let's get away from here.
Let's get back inside as fast as we can if we don't want to get all soaked up by the rain and if we don't want our clothes to be soaked up.
Let's get back inside before we get hurt by missibles and by nuclear bombs.
Let's get back inside the building before trouble escalates further.
Let's get back inside, it's starting to get chilly.
Let's get back inside.
Let's get back on the main road.
Let's get back on topic.
Let's get back on track.
Let's get back to Australia where we belong.
Let's get back to Boston where we belong.
Let's get back to business.
Let's get back to camp.
Let's get back to our sheep!
Let's get back to our topic!
Let's get back to reality.
Let's get back to the boat.
Let's get back to the drawing board.
Let's get back to the party.
Let's get back to the ship.
Let's get back to what we were doing.
Let's get back to work.
Let's get back together again.
Let's get back together.
Let's get busy.
Let's get coffee.
Let's get cracking at 8.
Let's get cracking!
Let's get cracking.
Let's get crazy.
Let's get dancing.
Let's get discount tickets.
Let's get divorced.
Let's get down and dirty.
Let's get down to brass tacks and make a decision.
Let's get down to brass tacks and talk business.
Let's get down to brass tacks.
Let's get down to business, OK?
Let's get down to business, shall we?
Let's get down to business.
Let's get down to business. I'm pregnant, and you're the father.
Let's get down to serious business.
Let's get down to the nitty-gritty.
Let's get down to work!
Let's get down to work.
Let's get dressed.
Let's get drunk today!
Let's get drunk tonight.
Let's get drunk.
Let's get everything fixed here and now.
Let's get fewer material things.
Let's get gelato.
Let's get going to Algiers.
Let's get going! We have no time to dilly-dally.
Let's get going, Tom.
Let's get going.
Let's get hammered tonight.
Let's get her back.
Let's get her out of here.
Let's get her out of the water.
Let's get her out of there.
Let's get her to bed.
Let's get him back.
Let's get him out of here.
Let's get him out of the water.
Let's get him out of there.
Let's get him something useful for his birthday.
Let's get him to bed.
Let's get hitched!
Let's get home before this rain gets any stronger.
Let's get home.
Let's get in before it snows.
Let's get in the car.
Let's get in the house.
Let's get in the truck.
Let's get in touch in another day or two.
Let's get inside.
Let's get into the story.
Let's get it all out in the open.
Let's get it all over with.
Let's get it done without arguing!
Let's get it done!
Let's get it done.
Let's get it inside.
Let's get it open.
Let's get it over with.
Let's get it right this time.
Let's get it.
Let's get lost in our own minds.
Let's get married as soon as possible.
Let's get married as soon as we can.
Let's get married in Australia.
Let's get married right away.
Let's get married right now.
Let's get married!
Let's get married.
Let's get more into that.
Let's get motivated.
Let's get moving.
Let's get naked.
Let's get off at the next station.
Let's get off here.
Let's get off the bus at the next stop.
Let's get off the bus here.
Let's get off the bus.
Let's get off the subject.
Let's get off the train.
Let's get on the bus.
Let's get on with it.
Let's get on with practice.
Let's get on with the meeting.
Let's get one of these for Tom.
Let's get one thing straight first.
Let's get one thing straight right away.
Let's get one thing straight, Tom.
Let's get one thing straight.
Let's get one thing straight. You and I are not friends. We're allies against a common enemy.
Let's get one thing straight: don't ever allow yourself to use that tone with me again.
Let's get one.
Let's get organized.
Let's get our bearings before we go any further.
Let's get our facts straight.
Let's get our photograph taken.
Let's get our picture taken.
Let's get ourselves organized.
Let's get out and look for a suitable place where there aren't as many people.
Let's get out for a while to take a walk.
Let's get out of Australia.
Let's get out of Boston.
Let's get out of Mary's way and let her do her job.
Let's get out of Mary's way and let her do what needs to be done.
Let's get out of Tom's way and let him do his job.
Let's get out of Tom's way and let him do what needs to be done.
Let's get out of here and go someplace quiet.
Let's get out of here and go somewhere quiet.
Let's get out of here as fast as we can.
Let's get out of here before Tom sees us.
Let's get out of here before anybody sees us.
Let's get out of here before anyone sees us.
Let's get out of here before it's too late.
Let's get out of here before somebody sees us.
Let's get out of here before someone sees us.
Let's get out of here before the cops get here.
Let's get out of here before the police come.
Let's get out of here fast.
Let's get out of here now.
Let's get out of here quickly before this escalates.
Let's get out of here right away.
Let's get out of here while we can.
Let's get out of here while we still can.
Let's get out of here!
Let's get out of here! That's going to explode!
Let's get out of here, Tom.
Let's get out of here, Ziri.
Let's get out of here.
Let's get out of here. I don't want to get into any fights.
Let's get out of here. Tom is going to see us.
Let's get out of the car now.
Let's get out of the car.
Let's get out of the house and go for a walk.
Let's get out of the house and take a walk in the snow.
Let's get out of the house.
Let's get out of the rain.
Let's get out of the storm.
Let's get out of the taxi.
Let's get out of the way.
Let's get out of these uniforms.
Let's get out of this place.
Let's get out of this playground.
Let's get out of this rain.
Let's get out while we can.
Let's get out while we still can.
Let's get out.
Let's get prepared for the lunch.
Let's get prepared.
Let's get ready for Monday.
Let's get ready for Saturday.
Let's get ready for cloning.
Let's get ready for lunch.
Let's get ready for school.
Let's get ready to go.
Let's get ready to leave.
Let's get ready.
Let's get real weird.
Let's get real.
Let's get rid of all these cardboard boxes.
Let's get rid of all this stuff.
Let's get rid of everything that we aren't using.
Let's get rid of everything we aren't using.
Let's get rid of it.
Let's get rid of that one.
Let's get rid of that.
Let's get rid of them!
Let's get rid of this English ivy.
Let's get rid of this junk.
Let's get rid of this old chair.
Let's get rid of this old furniture.
Let's get rid of this.
Let's get right back inside before rain start coming down.
Let's get right back inside before rain starts crashing down.
Let's get right back inside before trouble breaks out.
Let's get right back inside before trouble happens.
Let's get right to it. What do you want from me?
Let's get right to the point.
Let's get serious.
Let's get some apples.
Let's get some bananas.
Let's get some brochures from the travel bureau.
Let's get some champagne, we must celebrate!
Let's get some coffee.
Let's get some dinner.
Let's get some donuts.
Let's get some food.
Let's get some food. You look like you're about to pass out.
Let's get some fresh air.
Let's get some help.
Let's get some ice cream.
Let's get some lunch.
Let's get some more information first.
Let's get some more linguine while we're here.
Let's get some pictures.
Let's get some sleep.
Let's get some strawberries.
Let's get somebody to take our picture.
Let's get someone to take our picture.
Let's get something cold to drink.
Let's get something quick to drink.
Let's get something to drink.
Let's get something to drink. We still have a little time before the train comes.
Let's get something to eat first.
Let's get something to eat on the way home.
Let's get something to eat.
Let's get started anyway.
Let's get started on our work.
Let's get started on that project.
Let's get started right away.
Let's get started with the session!
Let's get started!
Let's get started, OK?
Let's get started, shall we?
Let's get started.
Let's get straight to the point!
Let's get straight to the point.
Let's get takeout.
Let's get tea!
Let's get that done.
Let's get that one.
Let's get the 4.10 train.
Let's get the ball rolling.
Let's get the birthday celebration started.
Let's get the bus.
Let's get the facts straight.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Let's get the job done now.
Let's get the job done without arguing!
Let's get the ladder set up.
Let's get the low-down on the British Museum for our trip.
Let's get the map out.
Let's get the meeting started.
Let's get the new year to a strong start!
Let's get the other one.
Let's get the others.
Let's get the party going.
Let's get the party rolling.
Let's get the party started.
Let's get the party underway.
Let's get the show on the road.
Let's get the work over with so we can relax.
Let's get them back.
Let's get them before they get us.
Let's get them out of here.
Let's get them out of the water.
Let's get them out of there.
