It didn't last more than three minutes.
It didn't last very long.
It didn't let me open this video.
It didn't look good.
It didn't look like Tom was having much fun.
It didn't look like anything I'd ever seen before.
It didn't look like you were annoyed.
It didn't look like you were asleep.
It didn't look like you were going to be able to do that.
It didn't look like you were having any fun.
It didn't look like you were paying attention.
It didn't look like you were shocked.
It didn't look right.
It didn't look that easy.
It didn't make a difference.
It didn't make any error noises.
It didn't make any sense to me at that time.
It didn't make any sense to me then.
It didn't make any sense.
It didn't make me laugh.
It didn't make me sad.
It didn't make much difference.
It didn't make much sense.
It didn't make sense at the time.
It didn't make sense to me.
It didn't make sense.
It didn't make the cut.
It didn't matter that I was a woman.
It didn't matter that much to me.
It didn't matter that much.
It didn't matter to Tom that the weather was bad.
It didn't matter to Tom.
It didn't matter to her.
It didn't matter to him.
It didn't matter to me.
It didn't matter to them.
It didn't matter to us.
It didn't matter what happened to me.
It didn't matter what happened.
It didn't mean anything.
It didn't need to be that way.
It didn't need to be this way.
It didn't need to end that way.
It didn't need to happen.
It didn't not work.
It didn't occur to me that they could fool me.
It didn't occur to me.
It didn't particularly matter.
It didn't pay off.
It didn't phase Yanni that another person was there.
It didn't quite take an hour.
It didn't quite work out that way.
It didn't rain at the weekend.
It didn't rain last week.
It didn't rain this morning.
It didn't rain today.
It didn't rain yesterday.
It didn't rain.
It didn't really happen that way.
It didn't really happen the way Tom said it did.
It didn't really happen the way Tom that said it did.
It didn't really help.
It didn't really hurt.
It didn't really matter though.
It didn't really matter.
It didn't really sound like a cougar.
It didn't really take a long time.
It didn't really work for us.
It didn't really work like we expected.
It didn't rush towards Ighil Ali.
It didn't say there were any updates.
It didn't seem appropriate.
It didn't seem difficult.
It didn't seem easy to him at first.
It didn't seem fair.
It didn't seem like I had much to lose.
It didn't seem like Tom enjoyed doing that.
It didn't seem like Tom wanted to come in.
It didn't seem necessary.
It didn't seem real.
It didn't seem right.
It didn't seem so serious to me.
It didn't seem that important.
It didn't seem that the doorbell worked.
It didn't seem that way to me.
It didn't seem to bother Tom at all.
It didn't seem to bother Tom in the least.
It didn't seem to bother her a bit.
It didn't seem to bother her at all.
It didn't seem to bother her in the least.
It didn't seem to bother her.
It didn't seem to bother him in the least.
It didn't seem to bother him.
It didn't seem to make sense.
It didn't seem to matter.
It didn't seem to work.
It didn't seem very effective.
It didn't seem wrong.
It didn't shake us at all.
It didn't show up out of nowhere.
It didn't sink in.
It didn't snow as much as usual last winter.
It didn't snow in January this year.
It didn't snow much last year.
It didn't snow much.
It didn't sound like a hyena.
It didn't sound like a man or a woman. It sounded like something totally different.
It didn't sound like dog scratches.
It didn't sound right to me.
It didn't stop snowing.
It didn't stop there.
It didn't suit me.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom couldn't afford a lawyer.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom didn't do what he'd told Mary he was going to do.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom got arrested from drunken driving.
It didn't take Layla long to find a new husband.
It didn't take Tom long to do that.
It didn't take Tom long to get here.
It didn't take Tom long to realize he wasn't welcome there.
It didn't take Tom long to realize that he wasn't welcome there.
It didn't take Tom much time to do that.
It didn't take Tom very long to do that.
It didn't take a genius to figure it out.
It didn't take a long time to figure out who was responsible for that.
It didn't take a really long time.
It didn't take long before Fadil found out.
It didn't take long before Tom found out about what Mary had done.
It didn't take long for Tom to do that.
It didn't take long for Tom to figure it out.
It didn't take long for Tom to figure out how to do that.
It didn't take long for Tom to figure out something was wrong.
It didn't take long for Tom to figure out what needed to be done.
It didn't take long for Yanni and Skura to fall into a routine.
It didn't take long for Ziri's clan to get there.
It didn't take long for me to do that.
It didn't take long for the news to get about- everyone's talking about it.
It didn't take long for the police to piece together the story.
It didn't take long for word to get around.
It didn't take long.
It didn't take me long to do that.
It didn't take me long to do this.
It didn't take me much time to do that.
It didn't take me very long to do that.
It didn't take that much time.
It didn't take the dogs much time to track down the wounded deer.
It didn't take too much time for us to finish the project.
It didn't take us long to do that.
It didn't take us much time to do that.
It didn't take us very long to do that.
It didn't take very long for Tom to do that.
It didn't take you long to do that.
It didn't take you long to get here, did it?
It didn't take you long to get here.
It didn't take you much time to do that, did it?
It didn't take you much time to do that.
It didn't take you very long to do that, did it?
It didn't taste good.
It didn't taste very good.
It didn't turn out the way Tom had expected.
It didn't turn out the way Tom wanted it to.
It didn't use to be here.
It didn't use to be like this.
It didn't use to be that way.
It didn't work as advertised.
It didn't work at all.
It didn't work for Ziri.
It didn't work for me either.
It didn't work for me.
It didn't work out as planned.
It didn't work out for Ziri.
It didn't work out for me.
It didn't work out like we'd hoped.
It didn't work out quite like I intended it to.
It didn't work out so well.
It didn't work out that way.
It didn't work out that well.
It didn't work out the way you wanted.
It didn't work out well for Ziri.
It didn't work out, did it?
It didn't work out.
It didn't work that way.
It didn't work.
It didn’t look as though she was pleased with it.
It didn’t surprise me at all that Tom couldn’t afford a lawyer.
It didn’t surprise me at all that Tom didn’t do what he’d told Mary he was going to do.
It didn’t surprise me at all that Tom got arrested from drunken driving.
It didn’t take Tom long to realize he wasn’t welcome there.
It differs from culture to culture.
It disappeared from the radar.
It disappeared.
It disappointed Tom.
It disappointed her.
It disappointed him.
It disappointed me to hear that you couldn't come.
It disappointed me to hear that you wouldn't be able to come.
It disappointed me.
It disappointed them.
It disappointed us.
It disconcerts me to know that fewer and fewer young people are able to write by hand.
It disgusts me when I read only about material things.
It disgusts me, too.
It disgusts me.
It does appear to be a suicide.
It does bother me.
It does cause a problem, doesn't it?
It does exist.
It does get confusing.
It does get easier.
It does get nauseating.
It does get their attention.
It does give us some hope.
It does happen.
It does kind of make sense.
It does look like it.
It does make a difference.
It does me no harm.
It does mean a lot to me.
It does mean something.
It does more harm than good.
It does my head in, waiting a long time for a friend.
It does no good to compare the best aspects of Christianity to the worst of Islam, or vice versa.
It does not become us to be idle or chat away here while the Master is expected.
It does not become you to complain.
It does not belong to any people or country so it functions as a neutral language.
It does not constitute an investment advice.
It does not depend on me anymore.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
It does not follow.
It does not have to be this way.
It does not look like anything we have seen before.
It does not make me happy what I can see.
It does not make sense to me to have children when there are so many orphans.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
It does not matter how you say it, I am not going to pay attention to you.
It does not matter if you change your mind.
It does not matter that he did not know about it.
It does not matter to me whether you come or not.
It does not matter what Tom said.
It does not matter which magazine.
It does not matter.
It does not matter; we can help you.
It does not necessarily get better, but it can if we make it.
It does not sound like somebody I know before.
It does not sound like the woman I loved.
It does not suit me!
It does not suit them to show off.
It does not turn him on.
It does not worry me that people don't know me. It worries me that I don't know the people.
It does rain in the Sahara.
It does really seem as if I must be dreaming.
It does seem like an excellent plan.
It does seem so strange to think of Superintendent Bell ever being a boy. Even my imagination has its limits.
It does seem true!
It does sound appealing.
It does suit me.
It does take time.
It does the job.
It does us more harm than good.
It does what it says on the tin.
It doesn't actually matter to me.
It doesn't add up.
It doesn't affect anything.
It doesn't affect me at all.
It doesn't affect me.
It doesn't always happen that way.
It doesn't always happen.
It doesn't always have to be so complicated.
It doesn't always work for me.
It doesn't always work that way.
It doesn't always work.
It doesn't amuse me.
It doesn't annoy me.
It doesn't appear to be a suicide.
It doesn't augur well.
It doesn't become a gentleman to fuss over trifles.
It doesn't belong there either.
It doesn't belong to any individual people or country, so it functions as a neutral language.
It doesn't belong to me.
It doesn't belong to one people or country, so it works as a neutral language.
It doesn't belong to you.
It doesn't bode well for tomorrow.
It doesn't bode well!
It doesn't bode well.
It doesn't bother me anymore.
It doesn't bother me either way.
It doesn't bother me if he badmouths me.
It doesn't bother me if it rains.
It doesn't bother me if she badmouths me.
It doesn't bother me if they talk about me in my absence.
It doesn't bother me if you stay.
It doesn't bother me if you take that book.
It doesn't bother me much.
It doesn't bother me that Mary is going to be there with her new boyfriend.
It doesn't bother me that Tom is going to be there with his new girlfriend.
It doesn't bother me to walk in the rain.
It doesn't bother me.
It doesn't bother us.
It doesn't bother you, does it?
It doesn't change anything.
It doesn't change the facts.
It doesn't change what happened.
It doesn't come easy.
It doesn't come in my mind.
It doesn't come without a price.
It doesn't concern anybody apart from me and my family.
It doesn't concern me.
It doesn't concern you.
It doesn't cost 300 yen.
It doesn't cost anything, but it takes time.
It doesn't cost anything.
It doesn't cost as much as I thought.
It doesn't cost as much to get into the museum on Sundays.
It doesn't cost money to smile.
It doesn't cost much to eat at that restaurant.
It doesn't cost much to go there by bus.
It doesn't cost much to stay at that hotel.
It doesn't cost much!
It doesn't cost much.
It doesn't count if you do it like that.
It doesn't count.
It doesn't count. You didn't know.
It doesn't depend on me anymore.
It doesn't ease my mind.
It doesn't eat meat.
It doesn't end there.
It doesn't end well.
It doesn't even hurt.
It doesn't even make sense.
It doesn't even matter.
It doesn't exactly sound convincing, but I trust you.
It doesn't exist in nature.
It doesn't exist.
It doesn't feel any different.
It doesn't feel good to be teased, does it?
It doesn't feel good.
It doesn't feel like a celebration without Skura.
It doesn't feel like anything.
It doesn't feel like winter anymore, even though it is winter.
It doesn't fit here.
It doesn't fit into my priorities.
It doesn't fit me.
It doesn't fit there.
It doesn't fit well here.
It doesn't fit.
It doesn't fly.
It doesn't get any better than that.
It doesn't get any better than this.
It doesn't get any cheaper.
It doesn't get any easier than that.
It doesn't get any easier than this.
It doesn't get any easier.
It doesn't get any worse than that.
It doesn't get better than this.
It doesn't get better.
It doesn't get enough water.
It doesn't get much better than that.
It doesn't get very cold here.
It doesn't give me any satisfaction to prove you wrong.
It doesn't go far enough.
It doesn't go with the room at all, but I got it for free so it's all good!
It doesn't happen much anymore.
It doesn't happen often enough these days.
It doesn't happen often that I pity myself.
It doesn't happen often.
It doesn't happen very often.
It doesn't have a name.
It doesn't have an unambiguous syntax.
It doesn't have any meaning.
It doesn't have any problem.
It doesn't have any significance.
It doesn't have anything to do with Islam.
It doesn't have to be a secret.
It doesn't have to be done right away.
It doesn't have to be genocide to be bad.
It doesn't have to be like that.
It doesn't have to be like this, Tom.
It doesn't have to be like this.
It doesn't have to be more than this.
It doesn't have to be one or the other.
It doesn't have to be permanent.
It doesn't have to be that complicated.
It doesn't have to be that way for Tom.
It doesn't have to be that way.
It doesn't have to be this way, Tom.
It doesn't have to be this way.
It doesn't have to be this way; I do believe that.
It doesn't have to be true.
It doesn't have to end like that.
It doesn't have to end like this.
It doesn't have to end this way.
It doesn't have to happen again.
It doesn't have to make sense.
It doesn't help anything.
It doesn't help.
It doesn't hurt anymore.
It doesn't hurt as much as it did before.
It doesn't hurt at all.
It doesn't hurt me.
It doesn't hurt so much.
It doesn't hurt that he's cute.
It doesn't hurt that much anymore.
It doesn't hurt that she's cute.
It doesn't hurt to ask.
It doesn't hurt to be optimistic.
It doesn't hurt to be optimistic. You can always cry later.
It doesn't hurt to dream.
It doesn't hurt, does it?
It doesn't hurt.
It doesn't interest me that much.
It doesn't involve Tom.
It doesn't just depend on me.
It doesn't just happen in the blink of an eye.
It doesn't like strangers.
It doesn't look all that different.
It doesn't look as if Mary's here.
It doesn't look as if Tom is here.
It doesn't look as if Tom's here.
It doesn't look as if he's here.
It doesn't look as if it's going to happen.
It doesn't look as if many people are coming to the banquet.
It doesn't look as if she's here.
It doesn't look as if that's going to happen any time soon.
It doesn't look as though many people will attend the banquet.
It doesn't look concerning.
It doesn't look difficult.
It doesn't look easy.
It doesn't look exactly like the picture in the catalog.
It doesn't look expensive.
It doesn't look good at all.
It doesn't look good for Tom.
It doesn't look good!
It doesn't look good, does it?
It doesn't look good.
It doesn't look great!
It doesn't look great.
It doesn't look hard.
It doesn't look like I have a choice.
It doesn't look like I'll be able to pass my driving test.
It doesn't look like I'm going to be able to finish doing that before Monday afternoon.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are going to get married.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are very busy.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are very happy.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary have slept in days.
It doesn't look like Tom believes us.
It doesn't look like Tom has slept in days.
It doesn't look like Tom is breathing.
It doesn't look like Tom is having fun.
It doesn't look like Tom is having much fun.
It doesn't look like Tom is having very much fun.
It doesn't look like Tom is there right now.
It doesn't look like Tom is very busy.
It doesn't look like Tom is very happy.
It doesn't look like Tom's around at the moment.
It doesn't look like a good place for bargains.
It doesn't look like a rabbit.
It doesn't look like a set. It looks more like a pub.
It doesn't look like anybody's home.
It doesn't look like anyone's been in this room for years.
It doesn't look like anything to me.
It doesn't look like anything.
It doesn't look like enough.
It doesn't look like fun to me.
It doesn't look like him.
It doesn't look like it'll clear up today.
It doesn't look like it's going to happen.
It doesn't look like it's going to rain today.
It doesn't look like it's going to rain.
It doesn't look like it's going to stop raining anytime soon.
It doesn't look like it's raining to me.
It doesn't look like much.
It doesn't look like scenery for the stage. It looks more like a saloon.
It doesn't look like the performance is about to end.
It doesn't look like there's any big reason to hurry.
It doesn't look like very many people will attend the banquet.
It doesn't look like water.
It doesn't look like we'll catch any fish today.
It doesn't look like we'll get paid this week.
It doesn't look like you believe Tom.
It doesn't look like you guys are having any fun.
It doesn't look like you're angry.
It doesn't look like you're busy.
It doesn't look like you're done.
It doesn't look like you're exhausted.
It doesn't look like you're happy.
It doesn't look like you're having much fun.
It doesn't look like you're impressed.
It doesn't look like you're interested in doing that.
It doesn't look like you're lonely.
It doesn't look like you're mad.
It doesn't look like you're nervous.
It doesn't look like you're pleased.
It doesn't look like you're prepared.
It doesn't look like you're ready.
It doesn't look like you're shy.
It doesn't look like you're sick.
It doesn't look like you're sleepy.
It doesn't look like you're tempted to do that.
It doesn't look like you're through doing that.
It doesn't look like you're tired.
It doesn't look like you're very happy.
It doesn't look like you're willing to do that.
It doesn't look like you're worried.
It doesn't look promising.
It doesn't look quite right.
It doesn't look right.
It doesn't look so bad.
It doesn't look so complicated.
It doesn't look so cute.
It doesn't look so good.
It doesn't look soft.
It doesn't look symmetrical.
It doesn't look that bad.
It doesn't look that concerning.
It doesn't look that way.
It doesn't look the same.
It doesn't look too bad.
It doesn't look too complicated.
It doesn't look too convincing.
It doesn't look too hard.
It doesn't look very fun, does it?
It doesn't look very good.
It doesn't look very inviting.
It doesn't look very pretty.
It doesn't make Tom happy.
It doesn't make a blind bit of difference.
It doesn't make a difference.
It doesn't make a lot of sense.
It doesn't make any difference anymore.
It doesn't make any difference at all.
It doesn't make any difference now.
It doesn't make any difference to me what you think.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom and Mary come or not.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether you do that or not.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether you go or stay.
It doesn't make any difference to me.
It doesn't make any difference, guys. The balls are inert.
It doesn't make any difference.
It doesn't make any fucking sense.
It doesn't make any sense at all.
It doesn't make any sense for you to do that.
It doesn't make any sense for you to try to do that.
It doesn't make any sense to do that now.
It doesn't make any sense to do that.
It doesn't make any sense to me.
It doesn't make any sense trying to do that.
It doesn't make any sense trying to kill herself.
It doesn't make any sense, does it?
It doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make economic sense.
It doesn't make her happy.
It doesn't make him happy.
It doesn't make me feel any better.
It doesn't make much difference now.
It doesn't make much difference.
It doesn't make much sense to me that I have to pay more income tax than you even though you make more money than I do.
It doesn't make much sense to me that Tom would be allowed to go, but Mary wouldn't be.
It doesn't make much sense to me that it works well on my computer, but not on yours.
It doesn't make much sense to me that we aren't allowed to sit here.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
It doesn't make much sense, does it?
It doesn't make much sense.
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their place.
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their position.
It doesn't make sense to criticize someone for doing something that we would do if we were in their situation.
It doesn't make sense to do it.
It doesn't make sense to me.
It doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make them happy.
It doesn't match the Latin one.
It doesn't matter all that much what college you graduated from.
It doesn't matter anymore.
It doesn't matter anyway.
It doesn't matter as long as you're happy.
It doesn't matter at all to me.
It doesn't matter at all.
It doesn't matter at this stage.
It doesn't matter either way.
It doesn't matter for Tom to have freckles.
It doesn't matter for me at all.
It doesn't matter from where he comes.
It doesn't matter how I found out.
It doesn't matter how Tom did it.
It doesn't matter how Tom did that.
It doesn't matter how Tom got here.
It doesn't matter how bad of a mistake you make. If you're cute, all will be forgiven.
It doesn't matter how beautiful your theory is, it doesn't matter how smart you are. If it doesn't agree with experiment, it's wrong.
It doesn't matter how expensive it is.
It doesn't matter how fast you run, you'll never make it on time.
It doesn't matter how heavy it is.
It doesn't matter how long it takes.
It doesn't matter how many books you have, but how good they are.
It doesn't matter how much it costs.
It doesn't matter how much it costs. I'm going to buy it anyway.
It doesn't matter how much money you have.
It doesn't matter how much money you offer me. I'm not going to sell this to you.
It doesn't matter how much money you offer me. I'm not going to sell you this.
It doesn't matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
It doesn't matter how old you are.
It doesn't matter how old you get, you can learn.
It doesn't matter how others see you. What is important is to be sure to affirm your own self.
It doesn't matter how small it is.
It doesn't matter how smart you are.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. If you don't work hard, you'll never succeed.
It doesn't matter how smart you are. You have to have the best information possible to make the best decisions possible.
It doesn't matter how someone dies, but how they lived life.
It doesn't matter how talented you are, we're not going to hire you.
It doesn't matter how we get there.
It doesn't matter how we know.
It doesn't matter how you do it.
It doesn't matter how you got there.
It doesn't matter if I get wet.
It doesn't matter if Tom and Mary do that or not.
It doesn't matter if Tom does that or not.
It doesn't matter if everyone else forgets about me, as long as you still remember.
It doesn't matter if he'll come or not.
It doesn't matter if it breaks.
It doesn't matter if it rains.
It doesn't matter if it's in Berber or in Arabic.
It doesn't matter if it's raining.
It doesn't matter if it's true or not.
It doesn't matter if nobody comes.
It doesn't matter if that happens or not.
It doesn't matter if there's a crowd.
It doesn't matter if those who are hungry, steal.
It doesn't matter if you do that or not.
It doesn't matter if you don't do it.
It doesn't matter if you go or not.
It doesn't matter if you have no money left in your pocket. Go to the ATM.
It doesn't matter if you have received schooling or not.
It doesn't matter if you stay or not.
It doesn't matter in this case.
It doesn't matter much.
It doesn't matter now if we do it or not.
It doesn't matter now.
It doesn't matter right now.
It doesn't matter so much.
It doesn't matter that much to me.
It doesn't matter that you didn't go to the hairdresser today; it will be open tomorrow, too.
It doesn't matter that you don't want to do it; the fact is that you have to.
It doesn't matter that your painting is small. Kopecks are also small, but when a lot are put together they make a ruble.
It doesn't matter to Tom what Mary does.
It doesn't matter to Tom.
It doesn't matter to her.
It doesn't matter to him.
It doesn't matter to me how Tom does that, as long as he does it.
It doesn't matter to me how Tom does that.
It doesn't matter to me how we get there.
It doesn't matter to me if I get wet.
It doesn't matter to me if Tom comes or not.
It doesn't matter to me if he doesn't come.
It doesn't matter to me if he says something bad about me.
It doesn't matter to me if she says something bad about me.
It doesn't matter to me if they speak behind my back.
It doesn't matter to me if you do that.
It doesn't matter to me if you open the windows.
It doesn't matter to me if you take that book.
It doesn't matter to me one bit.
It doesn't matter to me what Tom does.
It doesn't matter to me what Tom said.
It doesn't matter to me what happens to Mary.
It doesn't matter to me what happens to Tom.
It doesn't matter to me what happens.
It doesn't matter to me what time we eat.
It doesn't matter to me what you do.
It doesn't matter to me what you think.
It doesn't matter to me when he does this work.
It doesn't matter to me when we leave.
It doesn't matter to me where Tom does that.
It doesn't matter to me where we park.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom comes here or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom comes or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom does that or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom stays or leaves.
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It doesn't matter to me whether she comes here or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether she lives in the city or the countryside.
It doesn't matter to me whether you come or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether you do that or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether you eat that or not.
It doesn't matter to me whether you go or stay.
It doesn't matter to me whether you open the window or not.
It doesn't matter to me which one you buy.
It doesn't matter to me who Tom does that with.
It doesn't matter to me who wins.
It doesn't matter to me, but it matters to Tom.
It doesn't matter to me, really.
It doesn't matter to me.
It doesn't matter to me. I'll leave it up to you.
It doesn't matter to them.
It doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside.
It doesn't matter to us one bit.
It doesn't matter to us.
It doesn't matter to you if you get heads or tails.
It doesn't matter to you, does it?
It doesn't matter very much which college you graduated from.
It doesn't matter what I believe.
It doesn't matter what I do.
It doesn't matter what I like.
It doesn't matter what I look like. I'm not likely to get the job.
It doesn't matter what I say, she always contradicts me.
It doesn't matter what I think.
It doesn't matter what Tom and Mary do.
It doesn't matter what Tom does.
It doesn't matter what Tom said.
It doesn't matter what Tom says.
It doesn't matter what Tom thinks. He doesn't decide about anything.
It doesn't matter what Tom wants to do, I'm going skiing.
It doesn't matter what Tom wants.
It doesn't matter what excuse he gives me, I can't forgive him.
It doesn't matter what game he plays, he always wins.
It doesn't matter what happens to me.
It doesn't matter what happens to us.
It doesn't matter what happens.
It doesn't matter what he said.
It doesn't matter what kind of music you listen to.
It doesn't matter what music you listen to.
It doesn't matter what my name is.
It doesn't matter what password you put on your safe, because any thief could open it.
It doesn't matter what people think about me.
It doesn't matter what she said.
It doesn't matter what the president's name is, Joe, Stevie or Mamie, because all of them are just liars.
It doesn't matter what they say.
It doesn't matter what time it is.
It doesn't matter what we do.
It doesn't matter what we say.
It doesn't matter what we think.
It doesn't matter what you believe.
It doesn't matter what you call it.
It doesn't matter what you do now.
It doesn't matter what you do.
It doesn't matter what you do; the result will be the same.
It doesn't matter what you look at, but what you see.
It doesn't matter what you look like.
It doesn't matter what you may say.
It doesn't matter what you read, but how you read.
It doesn't matter what you read, but how.
It doesn't matter what you really said.
It doesn't matter what you say, somewhere in your heart, you still like Tom, don't you?
It doesn't matter what you say.
It doesn't matter what you say. I won′t stay.
It doesn't matter what you sell, but you need to sell something.
It doesn't matter what you think, but what she feels.
It doesn't matter what you think.
It doesn't matter what you want.
It doesn't matter what you wear.
It doesn't matter what's going on outside.
It doesn't matter when you come.
It doesn't matter when you do that as long as you do it.
It doesn't matter where Tom is.
It doesn't matter where he comes from.
It doesn't matter where we are.
It doesn't matter where you come from.
It doesn't matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
It doesn't matter where you go, we still won't be able to find you.
It doesn't matter where you go; you don't ever come back the same person as you once were.
It doesn't matter where you put it.
It doesn't matter where you were born.
It doesn't matter whether I like you or not.
It doesn't matter whether I'm sleeping or awake, I'm always thinking about you.
It doesn't matter whether Tom agrees or not.
It doesn't matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
It doesn't matter whether Tom comes late or not.
It doesn't matter whether Tom does that or Mary does that.
It doesn't matter whether Tom does that or not.
It doesn't matter whether Tom likes it or not.
It doesn't matter whether Tom likes you or not.
It doesn't matter whether he agrees or not.
It doesn't matter whether he comes late or not.
It doesn't matter whether he comes or not.
It doesn't matter whether it rains or shines.
It doesn't matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is white or black; the important thing is that it can catch mice.
It doesn't matter whether we do that now or later.
It doesn't matter whether we do that today or not.
It doesn't matter whether we do that today or tomorrow.
It doesn't matter whether you answer or not.
It doesn't matter whether you come or not.
It doesn't matter whether you do that or not.
It doesn't matter whether you do this, that, or the other thing. It's all irrelevant anyway.
It doesn't matter whether you have money or not. I love you just the same.
It doesn't matter whether you win or not.
It doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
It doesn't matter whether your beard has grown for four years or seven. When the barber shaves it he'll use that same blade.
It doesn't matter which of the two books you choose.
It doesn't matter which road you take, they all lead to the park.
It doesn't matter which school a person went to.
It doesn't matter which side you're on.
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
It doesn't matter which way you go. If you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there.
It doesn't matter which, just pick three books.
It doesn't matter who does that, as long as it gets done.
It doesn't matter who does this as long as it gets done.
It doesn't matter who does this, but it needs to be done by Monday.
It doesn't matter who gets the credit. The important thing is that we succeeded.
It doesn't matter who pitches, that team always loses.
It doesn't matter who says so, it's still wrong.
It doesn't matter who says that, it's not true.
It doesn't matter who started it or why it started.
It doesn't matter who started it or why.
It doesn't matter who started the argument or why.
It doesn't matter who started the argument.
It doesn't matter who started the fight or why it started.
It doesn't matter who started the fight or why.
It doesn't matter who started the fight.
It doesn't matter who started.
It doesn't matter who we play. We always lose.
It doesn't matter who you are.
It doesn't matter who you are. I can't let you in.
It doesn't matter who you vote for.
It doesn't matter who's in power.
It doesn't matter who's to blame. How are you going to fix this?
It doesn't matter who, just ask somebody.
It doesn't matter who.
It doesn't matter whose fault it is.
It doesn't matter why.
It doesn't matter!
It doesn't matter, Tom.
It doesn't matter, right?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter. As long as it tastes good.
It doesn't matter. No one can see it.
It doesn't matter. Not anymore.
It doesn't matter. With our income he won't go far.
It doesn't matter; it doesn't show.
It doesn't mean Ziri can't keep an eye on Rima.
It doesn't mean a lot.
It doesn't mean a thing.
It doesn't mean a whole lot.
It doesn't mean anything yet.
It doesn't mean anything!
It doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't mean that everyone likes this book.
It doesn't mean that much to me.
It doesn't mean that you agree.
It doesn't mean the same thing.
It doesn't mean what you think it means.
It doesn't mean you shouldn't do it.
It doesn't much matter what Tom says.
It doesn't necessarily mean that you're right.
It doesn't need a label.
It doesn't need to be a lot of time, but we do need a little time.
It doesn't need to be changed.
It doesn't need to be done right away.
It doesn't need to be like this.
It doesn't need to be regarded as malice.
It doesn't need to be regarded as malicious intent.
It doesn't need to be this way.
It doesn't need to be white, but I'd prefer white.
It doesn't pay to do that.
It doesn't pay to lose your temper.
It doesn't pay to play video games.
It doesn't pay to talk with him.
It doesn't please him.
It doesn't prove anything.
It doesn't quite work that way.
It doesn't rain a lot around here.
It doesn't rain at all.
It doesn't rain here every day, but it does rain here a lot.
It doesn't rain here every day. I think it's monsoonal.
It doesn't rain here often.
It doesn't rain here very much.
It doesn't rain here very often, but when it does, it rains heavily.
It doesn't rain here very often.
It doesn't rain much on this side of the mountain.
It doesn't rain on Mars.
It doesn't rain that much in this part of the country.
It doesn't rain very much around here.
It doesn't rain, it snows.
It doesn't rain.
It doesn't really affect me.
It doesn't really make much sense, does it?
It doesn't really make sense.
It doesn't really matter much anymore.
It doesn't really matter to me who does that, as long as it gets done.
It doesn't really matter to me who wins or loses.
It doesn't really matter to me.
It doesn't really matter what I think.
It doesn't really matter what Tom thinks.
It doesn't really matter what you wear.
It doesn't really matter whether Tom does that or not.
It doesn't really matter whether you do that or not.
It doesn't really matter which one you choose.
It doesn't really matter, does it?
It doesn't really matter, though.
It doesn't really matter.
It doesn't really sound like you want my help.
It doesn't really sound like you want to help me.
It doesn't really suit me.
It doesn't require a battery.
It doesn't require a scholar to interpret.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
It doesn't ring a bell.
It doesn't ring any bells.
It doesn't say on your website.
It doesn't say there that it's forbidden, but rather that it's mandatory.
It doesn't seem appropriate to me.
It doesn't seem as difficult as before.
It doesn't seem as if anyone's there.
It doesn't seem complicated.
It doesn't seem convenient.
It doesn't seem easy to me.
It doesn't seem fair not to pay Tom the same as we're paying Mary.
It doesn't seem fair, does it?
It doesn't seem fair.
It doesn't seem funny to me.
It doesn't seem like Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
It doesn't seem like Tom enjoys doing that.
It doesn't seem like Tom will go any time soon.
It doesn't seem like it's autumn.
It doesn't seem like it's going to stop raining.
It doesn't seem like much.
It doesn't seem like we can stop now.
It doesn't seem like we'll catch any fish today.
It doesn't seem like we're in autumn.
It doesn't seem like what we should be doing right now.
It doesn't seem like you will become a singer, but it never hurts to take a few voice lessons.
It doesn't seem like you're willing to do that.
It doesn't seem likely that that'll work.
It doesn't seem likely.
It doesn't seem polite to me.
It doesn't seem possible to do that.
It doesn't seem possible, does it?
It doesn't seem possible.
It doesn't seem quite right.
It doesn't seem real.
It doesn't seem right.
It doesn't seem safe here.
It doesn't seem serious.
It doesn't seem so absurd.
It doesn't seem so bad.
It doesn't seem so good.
It doesn't seem so.
It doesn't seem strange, but for some reason it feels strange...
It doesn't seem that I'll be able to do that.
It doesn't seem that big.
It doesn't seem to be all that difficult.
It doesn't seem to be enough.
It doesn't seem to be raining anymore.
It doesn't seem to ever really get to a point.
It doesn't seem to fit.
It doesn't seem to help.
It doesn't seem to make much sense, does it?
It doesn't seem to make you happy.
It doesn't seem to matter all that much, does it?
It doesn't seem to matter to Tom.
It doesn't seem to matter.
It doesn't seem to me Tom knows what he's doing.
It doesn't seem to me that Tom knows what he's doing.
It doesn't seem to me that they are sweating.
It doesn't seem to work.
It doesn't seem too difficult.
It doesn't seem very fair to treat him like this.
It doesn't seem very fair.
It doesn't seem very far.
It doesn't seem worth it to me.
It doesn't seem; it is.
It doesn't sit well with Tom.
It doesn't sit well with me.
It doesn't snow here very often.
It doesn't snow here.
It doesn't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
It doesn't snow very often in the area where I reside.
It doesn't sound appropriate.
It doesn't sound bad at all.
It doesn't sound good.
It doesn't sound like I will get any rest.
It doesn't sound like I'll get any rest.
It doesn't sound like Tom.
It doesn't sound like her.
It doesn't sound like him.
It doesn't sound like jackals.
It doesn't sound like much.
It doesn't sound like them.
It doesn't sound like you had much fun.
It doesn't sound like you'll be working today.
It doesn't sound natural to me.
It doesn't sound natural.
It doesn't sound so good.
It doesn't sound so unlikely.
It doesn't sound that bad.
It doesn't sound to me like you want to talk.
It doesn't sound too appealing.
It doesn't sound too bad to me.
It doesn't sound too bad.
It doesn't sound too hard.
It doesn't sound too serious.
It doesn't sound true.
It doesn't sound very appetizing.
It doesn't sound very exciting.
It doesn't start before eight thirty.
It doesn't start until 8.30.
It doesn't start until eight thirty.
It doesn't start until half eight.
It doesn't start until half past eight.
It doesn't suit Tom.
It doesn't suit everyone.
It doesn't suit him.
It doesn't suit my tastes.
It doesn't surprise anyone anymore.
It doesn't surprise me that you fixed the car.
It doesn't surprise me that you know.
It doesn't surprise me that you repaired the car.
It doesn't surprise me.
It doesn't surprise you, does it?
It doesn't take Tom long to take a shower.
It doesn't take Tom too many drinks to get drunk.
It doesn't take Ziri long to fall asleep.
It doesn't take a forensic examiner to put A and B together and realize that Yanni's death was a botched murder.
It doesn't take a genius to figure out how it works.
It doesn't take a genius to realize that he's a very sharp-witted man.
It doesn't take a lot.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to put A and B together and realize that this is a robbery.
It doesn't take long for one of Don Hervig's two Harris's hawks to snare a squirrel.
It doesn't take long to get to his house.
It doesn't take long.
It doesn't take me much to set off my mean side.
It doesn't take nine months, but sixty years, to become a man.
It doesn't take three hours to get to Rome.
It doesn't take very long.
It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
It doesn't taste as good as it looks.
It doesn't taste like chicken.
It doesn't taste like fish.
It doesn't taste very good.
It doesn't usually take more than three hours.
It doesn't usually take this long.
It doesn't work again.
It doesn't work all that well.
It doesn't work any more.
It doesn't work anymore.
It doesn't work at all.
It doesn't work correctly.
It doesn't work for everyone.
It doesn't work for me.
It doesn't work like that.
It doesn't work particularly well.
It doesn't work so well because the batteries are running down.
It doesn't work so well because the battery is low.
It doesn't work that way for me.
It doesn't work that way, Tom.
It doesn't work that way.
It doesn't work too well.
It doesn't work very well.
It doesn't work well.
It doesn't work yet.
It doesn't work!
It doesn't work, does it?
It doesn't work.
It doesn't worry me.
It doesn't, does it?
It doesn’t become a gentleman to fuss over trifles.
It doesn’t bode well!
It doesn’t bother me that Tom is going to be there with his new girlfriend.
It doesn’t bother me to walk in the rain.
It doesn’t go with the room at all, but I got it for free so it’s all good!
It doesn’t hurt.
It doesn’t look like a hokku: you need more syllables.
It doesn’t look like it’ll clear up today.
It doesn’t make any difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
It doesn’t make much sense to me that I have to pay more income tax than you even though you make more money than I do.
It doesn’t make much sense to me that Tom would be allowed to go, but Mary wouldn’t be.
It doesn’t make much sense to me that it works well on my computer, but not on yours.
It doesn’t make much sense to me that we aren’t allowed to sit here.
It doesn’t make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
It doesn’t make sense to me.
It doesn’t make sense to spend time on this.
It doesn’t matter anymore.
It doesn’t matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
It doesn’t matter how old you get, you can learn.
It doesn’t matter if you have received schooling or not.
It doesn’t matter to me one bit.
It doesn’t matter to me whether she comes here or not.
It doesn’t matter to me who wins.
It doesn’t matter to me.
It doesn’t matter what I say, she always contradicts me.
It doesn’t matter what he said.
It doesn’t matter what religion you believe in.
It doesn’t matter what religion you belong to.
It doesn’t matter what religion you choose.
It doesn’t matter what religion you follow.
It doesn’t matter what she said.
It doesn’t matter what you say, he’ll be acquitted because of depression.
It doesn’t matter when you come.
It doesn’t matter where he comes from.
It doesn’t matter whether he agrees or not.
It doesn’t matter whether he comes late or not.
It doesn’t matter whether he comes or not.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
It doesn’t matter whether it rains or shines.
It doesn’t matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
It doesn’t matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
It doesn’t matter whether you answer or not.
It doesn’t matter whether you come or not.
It doesn’t matter whether you win or not.
It doesn’t matter whether your answer is right or wrong.
It doesn’t matter which team wins the game.
It doesn’t matter which, just pick three books.
It doesn’t matter!
It doesn’t matter.
It doesn’t mean anything!
It doesn’t pay to lose your temper.
It doesn’t pay to play video games.
It doesn’t pay to talk with him.
It doesn’t require a scholar to interpret.
It doesn’t require you to be a polyglot.
It doesn’t seem strange, but for some reason it feels strange...
It doesn’t sit well with me.
It doesn’t snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
It doesn’t sound like I will get any rest.
It doesn’t sound like I’ll get any rest.
It doesn’t sound like you’ll be working today.
It doesn’t start before eight thirty.
It doesn’t start until eight thirty.
It doesn’t suit my tastes.
It doesn’t surprise me.
It doesn’t take very long.
It doesn’t taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
It doesn’t work so well because the batteries are running down.
It doesn’t work so well because the battery is low.
It doesn’t work.
It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation’s apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
It drinks with moderation.
It drives me crazy.
It drives me insane how intolerable my younger brother is.
It drizzled this morning.
It drizzled yesterday.
It drizzled, but it didn't rain properly.
It drove me towards success.
It earned me an extra 45-minute wait at airport immigration as officials thumbed through my passport, pawed through my luggage and asked me what my intentions were.
It easily jumped the fence.
It eats people.
It echoed desolate.
It ended badly between us.
It ended badly for Tom.
It ended badly.
It ended in fisticuffs.
It ended in thirty moves, with a repeat move draw, the third match of the FIDE World Chess Championship 2023 between Ian Nepomniachtchi (who now has 2 points) and Ding Liren (now with one point).
It ended just fine.
It ended poorly.
It ended too soon.
It ended up being canceled, but it gave us a chance to learn each other's feelings.
It ended up being canceled, but it gave us a chance to learn each other’s feelings.
It ended up being more complicated than that.
It ended up being unnecessary.
It ended well.
It ends!
It entertains me.
It escaped from the birdcage.
It escaped notice.
It escapes me who said that.
It especially bothers me that you smoke.
It even annoyed me a little.
It evokes a feeling of calmness and tranquility in a space.
It exactly played out the exact way I had planned it to go.
It exceeded my expectations.
It exists, but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it, there's no need to have words for it.
It exists, but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it, there’s no need to have words for it.
It exists, but since it's taboo and nobody talks about it, there's no need to give it a name.
It expires tomorrow.
It explains a lot.
It exploded like gunpowder.
It exploded with a loud noise.
It failed miserably.
It failed.
It fairly took time to explain the fact.
It falls on Sunday.
It falls to each of us to be those anxious, jealous guardians of our democracy; to embrace the joyous task we've been given to continually try to improve this great nation of ours.
It falls to you to put the finishing touches to this work.
It fascinates many that Prince William would marry a commoner.
It feels a little simplified to me.
It feels as if it's going to be a nice day today.
It feels as if there are two different people in my head, both trying to take control of my body.
It feels awkward to get up and give your seat to someone on the train.
It feels below us.
It feels better to tell the truth than to lie.
It feels bizarre down there.
It feels cold in here.
It feels colder than expected for this time of year.
It feels damp in here.
It feels fresh outside after the rain.
It feels funny.
It feels good if a room is clean.
It feels good to be back in Australia.
It feels good to be back in Boston.
It feels good to be back on the road again.
It feels good to be back.
It feels good to be doing this again.
It feels good to be surrounded by friends and family.
It feels good to be yourself.
It feels good to come to the aid of somebody.
It feels good to come to the aid of someone.
It feels good to contribute.
It feels good to do good.
It feels good to get even.
It feels good to help.
It feels good to know that I'm loved.
It feels good to share this story with other people.
It feels good to tell others about it.
It feels good to win.
It feels good when a room is clean.
It feels good, doesn't it?
It feels good.
It feels great to finally work at a good company that doesn't exploit its workers.
It feels great to walk around the house in a gown.
It feels great to win.
It feels great.
It feels horrible to be pitied.
It feels like Chrome became much slower when I updated to the newest version, but is it only my imagination?
It feels like I can never satisfy you.
It feels like I don't belong anywhere.
It feels like I haven't eaten anything in forever.
It feels like I'm constantly dealing with a multitude of problems.
It feels like I'm part of the family.
It feels like I've known you forever.
It feels like I've seen her before.
It feels like Islamophobia is an acceptable form of bigotry.
It feels like I’ve seen her before.
It feels like a day in winter.
It feels like a dream to be able to meet with the queen.
It feels like a dream.
It feels like a setup.
It feels like a summer day.
It feels like aeons since we've seen each other!
It feels like an orange.
It feels like another planet.
It feels like carbohydrates are toxic like the toxins contained in invertebrates in the world's oceans.
It feels like even more time has passed.
It feels like everything is falling apart around me.
It feels like fall.
It feels like fate has other plans for us.
It feels like heaven.
It feels like home.
It feels like it happened to us.
It feels like it was just yesterday.
It feels like it will rain in the afternoon.
It feels like it's going to absorb you into another world.
It feels like my hand is being split in half.
It feels like my mouth is on fire.
It feels like opportunities abound.
It feels like our future has just begun.
It feels like rain.
It feels like shit.
It feels like silk.
It feels like somebody's turned on the air conditioning.
It feels like something is wrong.
It feels like something's wrong.
It feels like such a shame.
It feels like that was only yesterday.
It feels like the end of the world.
It feels like the sound is much closer now.
It feels like they went off like that for pathos.
It feels like time is passing quickly.
It feels like translating has not become very enjoyable.
It feels like you're constantly against any proposals I make.
It feels like you're fed up with me.
It feels like you’re testing my limits on purpose.
It feels nice to do nice things.
It feels nice when things come full circle like this.
It feels odd finding sentences on here without any English versions.
It feels overwhelming to have so many thoughts constantly buzzing in my head.
It feels painful after urinating.
It feels pretty amazing.
It feels pretty good.
It feels pretty great.
It feels pretty unfair.
It feels real good.
It feels real.
It feels really good to win.
It feels really good.
It feels relaxing to lie down in the grass and gaze up at the clouds, and see what some of them look like.
It feels right.
It feels safe here.
It feels silly.
It feels so good to be back.
It feels so good when you run your fingernails over my back.
It feels so good!
It feels so good.
It feels so great.
It feels soft to the touch.
It feels sore here.
It feels strange to say out loud, but my heart has changed forever.
It feels strange.
It feels very good to win.
It feels very similar to this one.
It feels warmer today.
It feels weird not working.
It feels weird to be a fan of a player who's younger than me.
It feels weird to see a ligature in a monospaced font.
It feels weird, doesn't it?
It feels weird.
It feels wonderful at first, but you end up needing more and more of it just to feel normal.
It feels wrong that we're in autumn.
It feels wrong to be talking about Tom like this when he's not here to defend himself.
It feels wrong, doesn't it?
It feels wrong.
It fell into the water with a splash.
It fell off the table, but it didn't break.
It fell out that he could not come in time.
It fell short of my expectation.
It fell to me to take care of the baby.
It fell to pieces.
It fell upon me to take care of my mother.
It felt a bit odd.
It felt as if his arguments were going to be repeated ad infinitum.
It felt good being part of the team.
It felt good to be in his arms.
It felt good to do that.
It felt good to speak on stage.
It felt good.
It felt great.
It felt like I knew that name.
It felt like I was dead.
It felt like a dream.
It felt like a heart attack.
It felt like a kick in the stomach.
It felt like a step backward.
It felt like a window into a simpler time.
It felt like a year but it was just four seconds.
It felt like a year.
It felt like an earthquake.
It felt like an eternity to me.
It felt like an hour.
It felt like everyone was staring at me.
It felt like forever.
It felt like hours.
It felt like incest.
It felt like it was my first day at work.
It felt like my heart had squeezed in with my brain into my skull.
It felt like my life was over.
It felt like no time had passed at all.
It felt like that moment lasted an eternity.
It felt like we were crossing the border between where people live and where they don't.
It felt like we'd be waiting for hours.
It felt like we'd been walking for hours.
It felt like yesterday I was holding him in my arms.
It felt natural to me.
It felt natural.
It felt nice.
It felt pretty good.
It felt really good.
It felt satisfying.
It felt so great.
It felt to me like an eternity.
It felt very cold.
It felt very good.
It fills it up way too fast!
It finally arrived!
It finally dawned on me what Tom meant.
It finally got warm enough to go outside without a jacket.
It finally happened.
It finally made sense to me.
It finally makes sense to me.
It finally stopped raining towards evening.
It finds planets using a technique called the radial-velocity method, which measures changes in the speed of a star's movement toward or away from earth caused by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
It fires.
It fits in well with the city around it.
It fits like a glove.
It fits like a second skin.
It fits me just right.
It fits me like a glove.
It fits on a single floppy disk.
It fits perfectly.
It fits perfectly... Well, almost perfectly.
It fits you like a glove!
It fits you like a glove.
It flamed intensely.
It flattered my vanity to think she was in love with me.
It flatters his vanity.
It flew back in.
It flew out of my head.
It floats.
It floored me that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow.
It focuses on the refugees.
It follows from the teaching of dialectical materialism about the knowability of the world that the laws of the development of social life are just as knowable as the laws of the development of nature.
It follows from this evidence that she is innocent.
It follows from this that he must be innocent.
It follows from this that he was aware of the fact.
It follows from this that the company is not responsible for the accident.
It follows from this that x is prime.
It follows from what she said that he is not guilty.
It follows from what she says that he is guilty.
It follows from what you say that he was not there.
It forms a mutual core.
It fortifies itself by utilising the available terrain.
It freaked Tom out a bit.
It freaked me out.
It freaks me out.
It freed me to enter one of the most creative periods of my life.
It frees the soul from fear.
It freezes in winter.
It frequently bothers me how I am not able to use English very proficiently.
It frequently happens here.
It frosted last night.
It froze hard last night.
It froze last night.
It froze over last night.
It froze this night.
It frustrates me to no end.
It fucking does.
It fulfills your every erotic fantasy.
It functioned alright.
It gave a lot of people hope.
It gave birth to two males and three females.
It gave her quite a shock, and she didn't want to talk about anything for a while. I think it'll be a while before she's back to normal.
It gave her quite a shock, and she didn’t want to talk about anything for a while. I think it’ll be a while before she’s back to normal.
It gave me a headache.
It gave me a nice feeling.
It gave me an idea.
It gave me goosebumps.
It gave me great satisfaction.
It gave me pause.
It gave me quite a shock.
It gave me strength.
It gave me the creeps.
It gave me the inspiration for this new book of mine.
It gave me the willies.
It generally sells at very low prices.
It gets a little frustrating.
It gets awfully lonely here sometimes.
It gets awfully lonely here.
It gets better every year.
It gets better.
It gets boring after a while.
It gets cold at night around here.
It gets cold at night here.
It gets cold at night.
It gets cold day by day in November.
It gets cold here at this time of the year.
It gets cold here.
It gets cold in the mornings and evenings, so I want to take care how I dress.
It gets cold in the winter, so we turn on the store.
It gets cold there.
It gets cool at night.
It gets dark about half past five these days.
It gets dark at five now.
It gets dark at half five now.
It gets dark earlier and earlier.
It gets dark early in the day at the end of November.
It gets dark early in the winter.
It gets dark early in winter.
It gets dark early now.
It gets dark here at about six.
It gets dark much earlier in winter.
It gets dark pretty early around here.
It gets dark pretty early here.
It gets dark pretty early round here.
It gets dark quickly in winter.
It gets extremely cold toward dawn.
It gets hot and humid in summer.
It gets hot here.
It gets light earlier in summer than in winter.
It gets me instantly hard the instant I think about it.
It gets on my nerves when you forget to say thank you.
It gets on my nerves.
It gets pretty cold around here.
It gets pretty cold in these parts.
It gets pretty cold in this area.
It gets pretty hot here in the summer.
It gets quickly dark around five pm.
It gets quite cold in the winter.
It gets quite cold in winter.
It gets quite hot here in the summer.
It gets quite hot in summer.
It gets quite hot in the summer.
It gets real interesting.
It gets really cold here in the winter.
It gets really cold here.
It gets really hot and muggy here in the summer.
It gets really hot here.
It gets really hot while wearing the suit.
It gets surprisingly chilly at night.
It gets the job done.
It gets tricky.
It gets unpleasant when it constantly rains every day.
It gets very cold here at night.
It gets very cold here in the winter.
It gets very cold here.
It gets very cold in Algiers.
It gets very cold this time of year.
It gets very cold tonight. Maybe it will snow tomorrow.
It gets very crowded here on weekends.
It gets very crowded on weekends.
It gets very hot here in the summer.
It gets very hot here.
It gets very hot in summer.
It gets very humid at home in summer; in winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
It gets very humid here in the summer.
It gets very humid here in the summer. In the winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
It gets warmer here in spring, and it rains, while summer is hot and sunny; it gets colder in autumn, and the wind blows, and in winter it freezes and snows.
It gets warmer in May.
It gets worse every day.
It gets worse when I lie down.
It gets worse when I stand up.
It gets worse.
It gets you going.
It gives me a headache.
It gives me a pang in my heart to see him sitting alone.
It gives me freedom.
It gives me goosebumps.
It gives me great pleasure to be here this morning.
It gives me great pleasure to introduce my friend Tom.
It gives me great pleasure.
It gives me nausea, too.
It gives me peace that you have forgiven me.
It gives me something to do.
It gives me the creeps.
It gives me the heebie-jeebies.
It gives me the shivers.
It gives rise to some new possibilities.
It gives the impression of a craftsman who has mastered the art of his trade.
It gives us an edge.
It gives us hope.
It gives you a general sense of well-being.
It gives you a unique perspective.
It gives you the willies.
It gladdens me to hear how well you're doing.
It glows in the dark.
It goes against everything I've been taught.
It goes against her principles.
It goes against his principles.
It goes against logic.
It goes against my principles.
It goes against the grain with me.
It goes against your principles.
It goes around the sun in 365 days.
It goes back, Personnel Officer Paula Grayson told us, to the way many employers used to pay their employees a hundred years ago.
It goes both ways.
It goes deeper than that.
It goes down better with some salt and pepper.
It goes every thirty minutes.
It goes for Tom too.
It goes from bad to worse.
It goes in one ear and out the other!
It goes in one ear and out the other.
It goes in the direction of a disaster.
It goes like this.
It goes much deeper than that.
It goes on forever.
It goes something like this.
It goes to feed at dusk.
It goes well with your trousers.
It goes with the job.
It goes with the territory.
It goes without saying he had a neckbeard.
It goes without saying how much I care about you.
It goes without saying military discipline is literally rigid.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
It goes without saying that I love you.
It goes without saying that I'm proud of my children.
It goes without saying that Mr. Tanaka did it all himself.
It goes without saying that Rome was not built in a day.
It goes without saying that Tom is in love with Kathy.
It goes without saying that Tom is in love with Mary.
It goes without saying that a person who literally supports Hamas is not just an anti-Zionist, but an antisemite as well.
It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for study.
It goes without saying that autumn is the best season for taking long walks in the country.
It goes without saying that camels are very useful in the Middle East.
It goes without saying that country life is healthier than town life.
It goes without saying that diligence is a key to success.
It goes without saying that diligence is the key to success.
It goes without saying that every one is bound to obey the law.
It goes without saying that everybody is given the equal right to speak.
It goes without saying that experience is a good teacher.
It goes without saying that friendship is more important than business.
It goes without saying that good health is more important than wealth.
It goes without saying that he is a superb pianist.
It goes without saying that he is not guilty.
It goes without saying that he keeps his promise.
It goes without saying that he prefers not to work.
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
It goes without saying that he's a clever man.
It goes without saying that he's the best person for the job.
It goes without saying that health is above wealth.
It goes without saying that health is important.
It goes without saying that health is more important than wealth.
It goes without saying that health is most important.
It goes without saying that health is of utmost importance.
It goes without saying that health is very important.
It goes without saying that he’s the best person for the job.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy in many ways.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy.
It goes without saying that honesty is the key to success.
It goes without saying that hunger is the best sauce.
It goes without saying that if you're tired, you should take a break.
It goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission.
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.
It goes without saying that money can't buy you happiness.
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.
It goes without saying that money can’t buy you happiness.
It goes without saying that money is not everything.
It goes without saying that nobody can come between us.
It goes without saying that nothing is more important than health.
It goes without saying that our plans depend on the weather.
It goes without saying that pets are not allowed.
It goes without saying that she had manicured hands and feet.
It goes without saying that she has to work hard to achieve her goals.
It goes without saying that she is an excellent pianist.
It goes without saying that she is happy.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health.
It goes without saying that the ideology is behind the times.
It goes without saying that they are in the wrong.
It goes without saying that those who are awake to their own rights must respect those of others.
It goes without saying that time is money.
It goes without saying that we must all observe traffic signals.
It goes without saying that we will spend the night in a luxury hotel.
It goes without saying that we'll help each other.
It goes without saying that we'll travel together.
It goes without saying that you can't buy happiness.
It goes without saying that you can’t buy happiness.
It goes without saying, but the search ended in vain.
It goes without saying.
It gone without saying, if you are tired, you should take a rest.
It got a little intense for a second.
It got about that Tom has proposed to Mary.
It got better!
It got cold after sunset.
It got cold yesterday.
It got colder and first snow fell.
It got colder day by day.
It got colder.
It got considerably colder.
It got dark all of a sudden.
It got dark and I was at a loss what to do.
It got dark and I was at loss what to do.
It got dark before we knew it.
It got dark out.
It got dark outside.
It got dark stupid early.
It got dark, and what was worse, it began to rain.
It got dark, and worse, we lost our way.
It got dark, so Tom decided to go back home.
It got dark, so Tom decided to return home.
It got dark.
It got empty.
It got frustrating.
It got her time to get used to the hijab.
It got much colder.
It got my attention.
It got on my nerves.
It got pretty creepy out there at night.
It got pretty dicey weaving in and out of traffic.
It got quite late, but the little mermaid could not take her eyes off the ship and the beautiful prince.
It got real messy.
It got really cold last night.
It got them thinking.
It got too chilly to sit outside.
It got unseasonably cold in Kabylie.
It got very cold last night.
It got very dark, very quickly.
It got warm at noon.
It got wet.
It got worse and worse.
It got worse from there.
It gradually became light; the long night was over.
It gradually dawned on me that I had misunderstood him.
It gradually dawned on me that I had taken the wrong train.
It gradually dawned on me that I'd misunderstood Tom.
It gradually escalated.
It grew cold as the sun went down.
It grew cold.
It grew dark, and what was worse, we lost our way.
It grew dark.
It grew larger and larger.
It grew luxuriantly.
It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy … who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation’s apathy â€¦ who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
It grieves me to see that little orphan.
It had a diameter of about thirty yards.
It had a profound effect on me.
It had a wonderful amount of hair for so young a child, and the mother’s pride in it was forgivable, for nearly all the babies of her acquaintance were bald.
It had all been a big mistake.
It had all been a very big mistake.
It had all been going so well.
It had already gone midnight when I arrived.
It had already got dark when we arrived at the hotel.
It had always bothered her: the way you write is not the same as the way you speak.
It had an effect alien from the one intended.
It had an effect very different from the one intended.
It had an extremely well-resourced library.
It had become a bit of an obsession.
It had become habit for Mary of a morning to write sentences on Tatoeba while she was enjoying her morning coffee.
It had been 8 months since they had been building the bridge. They had not finished building it yet.
It had been Bucklaw's misfortune, that his habits of life had not rendered him familiarly acquainted with the higher and better classes of female society, so that, with all his natural audacity, he felt sheepish and bashful when it became necessary to address a lady of distinction.
It had been a busy week.
It had been a long, hard day for Tom, and he fell into bed exhausted.
It had been a really hot summer; leaves were falling from the trees, though it wasn't yet autumn.
It had been a really hot summer; though it wasn't yet autumn, leaves were falling from the trees.
It had been a very mild December and people had looked forward to a green Christmas; but just enough snow fell softly in the night to transfigure Avonlea.
It had been a week since she had visited him in the hospital.
It had been arranged beforehand.
It had been five years since I had last seen her.
It had been long time since the king had lost his woman.
It had been made a condition with these clerks that they should not marry; so that those who lived to be old had to take care of themselves, to attend to their own comforts, and even to light their own fires, when they had any to light. Many of them were very aged; lonely old boys, with strange thoughts and eccentric habits.
It had been months since they had been building the bridge. They had not finished building it yet.
It had been on purpose.
It had been raining a lot recently.
It had been raining for week until yesterday.
It had been raining in the forest.
It had been raining since early morning.
It had been raining that whole entire day.
It had been rather a fine house once, and had been built for the occupancy of the man who owned the fairgrounds; but he choosing finally to live in the village, had permitted the house to fall into decay, until only a family with no sense of order or self-respect would think of occupying it.
It had been snowing all week.
It had been snowing for a week.
It had been very costly in lives, money, and supplies.
It had better work.
It had come to a full stop.
It had first been suggested that he be skinned alive, that lead be poured into his entrails and that he be let to starve.
It had gone midnight when we arrived.
It had gotten cold, so I decided to dress warm.
It had hardly stopped raining when the ground froze.
It had never crossed her mind.
It had never happened before.
It had never occurred to her that he would be punished.
It had nothing to do with Ziri.
It had nothing to do with me.
It had nothing to do with that.
It had nothing to do with the subject we were discussing.
It had nothing to do with this.
It had nothing to do with us.
It had nothing to do with you.
It had occurred to me that this shadow of a garage must be a blind, and that sumptuous and romantic apartments were concealed overhead, when the proprietor himself appeared in the door of an office, wiping his hands on a piece of waste.
It had passed midnight when we arrived.
It had potential.
It had rained and snowed.
It had rained for many days, and the road was so muddy that, at times, Pinocchio sank down almost to his knees.
It had rained in the forest.
It had seemed to me sometimes that she liked to be alone with me, or to coax me out for a walk with her, but I had never thought anything of that.
It had snowed heavily the night before.
It had snowed the day before.
It had snowed.
It had started to rain.
It had surely been a hard life.
It had the desired effect.
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
It had the opposite of its intended effect.
It had to be Tobias.
It had to be Tom that did that.
It had to be a mistake.
It had to be an easy language, or it was math.
It had to be dealt with under the conditions that prevailed at the time, which wasn't easy.
It had to be dealt with under the prevailing conditions, which was not easy.
It had to be done a long time ago.
It had to be done.
It had to be explained to Tom several times.
It had to be extremely painful.
It had to be here at five o'clock exactly.
It had to be here at five on the dot.
It had to be said!
It had to be shown to Tom.
It had to be you.
It had to come from somewhere.
It had to happen sometime.
It had to happen somewhere.
It had to happen sooner or later.
It had to happen.
It had worked for hours.
It hadn't been done before.
It hadn't crossed my mind.
It hadn't occurred to me that Tom would want to go to Australia, too.
It hadn't occurred to me that Tom would want to go to Boston, too.
It hadn't occurred to me.
It hadn’t crossed my mind.
It hail stoned.
It hangs on your decision.
It happened Monday morning at Tom's.
It happened a long time ago.
It happened a scant few months before the coronavirus was first detected in Wuhan.
It happened about a year ago.
It happened again last night.
It happened again less than thirty seconds later.
It happened again, didn't it?
It happened again.
It happened all at once.
It happened as follows.
It happened as the frog said.
It happened at Harvard.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
It happened at about half past four.
It happened at exactly 12.00.
It happened at exactly twelve o'clock.
It happened at exactly twelve.
It happened at first light.
It happened at night.
It happened at some point in midwinter.
It happened automatically.
It happened because of Tom's negligence.
It happened because of your fault!
It happened before I arrived.
It happened before I met Tom.
It happened before I met her.
It happened before I met him.
It happened before I met them.
It happened before my arrival.
It happened before.
It happened between eight and ten.
It happened by accident.
It happened by chance.
It happened completely by accident.
It happened during the fall.
It happened early in the morning.
It happened early last week.
It happened early this morning.
It happened exactly as Tom had expected.
It happened exactly on our wedding day, darling.
It happened exactly the way Tom expected.
It happened fast.
It happened faster than I had expected.
It happened for a reason.
It happened here.
It happened in 2013.
It happened in April of this year.
It happened in Berlin.
It happened in Boston.
It happened in Milwaukee.
It happened in November.
It happened in Rome.
It happened in a flash.
It happened in broad daylight.
It happened in our company.
It happened in our country.
It happened in the '80s.
It happened in the 80's.
It happened in the 80s.
It happened in the blink of an eye.
It happened in the dead of night.
It happened in the eighties.
It happened in the presence of Tom.
It happened just as he said.
It happened just like Tom said it did.
It happened just like in a film.
It happened just like this.
It happened just the other day.
It happened just the way Tom said it did.
It happened just the way you predicted.
It happened just when the curtain was falling.
It happened last October.
It happened last week.
It happened last year.
It happened late one night.
It happened literally a few days ago.
It happened more than a year ago.
It happened more than once.
It happened more than three days ago.
It happened naturally.
It happened near the house.
It happened nine months ago.
It happened on Halloween night.
It happened on October 20th.
It happened on the 1st of May.
It happened on the 20th of October.
It happened on the first of May.
It happened on the twentieth of October.
It happened once.
It happened one dark and stormy night.
It happened one day, about noon, going towards my boat, I was exceedingly surprised with the print of a man’s naked foot on the shore, which was very plain to be seen on the sand. I stood like one thunderstruck, or as if I had seen an apparition.
It happened one morning that she met him on the street.
It happened one night.
It happened one year ago.
It happened over a year ago.
It happened prior to my arrival.
It happened quickly.
It happened quite recently.
It happened real fast.
It happened really fast.
It happened really quickly.
It happened relatively recently.
It happened right about here.
It happened right here three years and four days ago.
It happened right here.
It happened right in front of us.
It happened right outside Ziri's tent.
It happened several years ago.
It happened so fast!
It happened so fast, Ziri. I can't remember.
It happened so fast.
It happened so long ago.
It happened so quickly that I hardly realized what was occurring.
It happened so quickly.
It happened so suddenly that we didn't have time to react.
It happened so suddenly we didn't have the time to react.
It happened so suddenly we didn't have time to react.
It happened suddenly.
It happened ten minutes ago.
It happened ten years ago today.
It happened ten years ago.
It happened that I knew her by sight.
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
It happened that I met her at the station yesterday.
It happened that I met her in Tokyo.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
It happened that I saw her on the bus.
It happened that I saw my friend walking in the distance.
It happened that I saw my teacher at the station.
It happened that I was free last Sunday.
It happened that I was in New York then.
It happened that I was in Paris then.
It happened that I was in her room.
It happened that I was not in London at that time.
It happened that I was out then.
It happened that I was out when you called yesterday.
It happened that I was present when she called.
It happened that he appeared when she couldn't decide which way to go.
It happened that he appeared when she couldn’t decide which way to go.
It happened that he found the treasure.
It happened that he saw her there.
It happened that he was ill in bed when we visited him.
It happened that he was ill.
It happened that he was out that day.
It happened that he was out when I visited him.
It happened that he was out.
It happened that her husband was a dentist.
It happened that in August, 1984 my work obliged me to go to Okinawa.
It happened that my way took me past the cottage, and I stopped for an instant to look at the windows, and to see if I could catch a glimpse of the strange face which had looked out at me on the day before.
It happened that she and I liked the same kind of music.
It happened that she was out when I called.
It happened that she was taking a bath.
It happened that the King's son gave a ball, and invited to it all persons of fashion.
It happened that the day was my birthday.
It happened that the five Kings of Ireland met to determine who should have the head kingship over them, and King Lir of the Hill of the White Field expected surely he would be elected.
It happened that the train was delayed on account of snow.
It happened that there was a hole in my pocket.
It happened that there was a meeting on that day.
It happened that we met at the station.
It happened that we met the owner of the flat.
It happened that we were in London then.
It happened that we were in London.
It happened that we were on the same bus.
It happened that we were on the same train.
It happened that, as I was watching some of the little people bathing in a shallow, one of them was seized with cramp and began drifting downstream.
It happened the next day.
It happened the way Tom said it did.
It happened the way Tom that said it did.
It happened three days after I got back from Boston.
It happened three days ago.
It happened three hours ago.
It happened three more times.
It happened three years ago today.
It happened three years ago.
It happened three years later, that is in 1965.
It happened to Tom.
It happened to me about a year ago.
It happened to me again last week.
It happened to me before yesterday.
It happened to me in the country.
It happened to me last year.
It happened to me many times.
It happened to me more than once.
It happened to me, too.
It happened to me.
It happened to someone I know.
It happened to us the same way.
It happened to you, too, didn't it?
It happened today.
It happened too fast.
It happened totally unexpectedly.
It happened twice.
It happened two days after he got back to Tokyo.
It happened two days after he had returned from Tokyo.
It happened two separate times.
It happened two years ago.
It happened very fast.
It happened very quickly.
It happened very slowly.
It happened when Tom and Mary were in Boston.
It happened when Tom was in Australia.
It happened when Tom was in Boston.
It happened when Ziri was here.
It happened while I wasn't looking.
It happened while I wasn’t looking.
It happened while Tom was sleeping.
It happened yesterday.
It happened.
It happens a lot.
It happens all the time.
It happens automatically.
It happens even in the best families.
It happens even to the best of us.
It happens even to the best.
It happens every day all over the world.
It happens every day.
It happens every night.
It happens everywhere.
It happens frequently on vacation.
It happens frequently.
It happens in Lithuania.
It happens more often than we think.
It happens more often than you would think.
It happens more often than you'd think.
It happens most often at night.
It happens now and then.
It happens occasionally.
It happens on occasion.
It happens only in Boston.
It happens only now and then.
It happens only once in a lifetime.
It happens sometimes.
It happens that I still love her.
It happens that we have the same birthday.
It happens that we have two copies of Catcher in the Rye.
It happens to all of us.
It happens to be the truth.
It happens to everyone sooner or later.
It happens to everyone.
It happens to me as well.
It happens to me, too.
It happens to me.
It happens to the best of us.
It happens to us all.
It happens too often.
It happens when it happens.
It happens whether you plan it or not.
It happens.
It hardly ever rains here.
It hardly ever rains in the area.
It hardly ever rains there.
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.
It hardly made a difference.
It harms small children.
It has Tom's name on it.
It has a big whirlpool and a strong current.
It has a broken leg.
It has a certain charm.
It has a chemical taste to it.
It has a chink.
It has a different meaning.
It has a flaw.
It has a floral scent.
It has a gap.
It has a great many words borrowed from foreign languages.
It has a heavy frame.
It has a history that goes back more than 2500 years ago.
It has a hole in it.
It has a leak.
It has a length of thirty metres.
It has a long tail.
It has a lot of hair.
It has a metallic luster.
It has a nice patina on it.
It has a one in a million chance.
It has a pleasant odor.
It has a pleasant odour.
It has a population of approximately 35,648,000 people.
It has a refreshing taste.
It has a seepage.
It has a slight resemblance to an octopus's tentacle.
It has a value all its own.
It has a wingspan of about four inches.
It has actually been beneficial.
It has affected us.
It has all stopped.
It has already been decided. Tom cannot do anything about that.
It has already been explained to you: a battle requires discipline and coordination.
It has already been given to Tom.
It has already been shown to Tom.
It has already been sixty years since our school was founded.
It has already happened several times.
It has already happened.
It has already stopped raining, so I might go out.
It has already stopped raining, so we could go for a walk.
It has already stopped snowing.
It has also been my honour to meet you.
It has always been a dream to fly a car.
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
It has always been accepted.
It has always been like that.
It has always been that way.
It has always been the case that expressing a different opinion in Russia was considered to be a crime. It's even more true today. It's as if Russians had a chronic inability to bear two opinions at the same time.
It has always been this way.
It has an important influence upon our lives.
It has an unpleasant taste.
It has arrived.
It has backfired.
It has become a family ritual to sit down together on Sunday and plan out the week.
It has become a meaningless formality.
It has become a reality.
It has become apparent that someone in the company is sabotaging my work.
It has become clear what murder-suspect Miura's jail lifestyle is like.
It has become clear what murder-suspect Miura’s jail lifestyle is like.
It has become common practise to employ foreigners working abroad from Asian countries as maids.
It has become evident that this is very favorable for our project, which aims precisely at creating jointly a network of translations in as many languages as possible.
It has become fashionable to get a tattoo with the name of a loved one.
It has become habit.
It has become much warmer.
It has become noticeably colder.
It has become painfully obvious that the US is no longer the policeman of the world.
It has become pleasant in the daytime, but the nights are still cold.
It has become quite autumnal.
It has become quite common.
It has become terrible for me.
It has become very cold.
It has become very warm.
It has been 10 years since she was widowed.
It has been 200 years since Mozart died.
It has been 25 years since a major Hollywood movie company has released an English-language film with mostly Asian actors.
It has been 33 years since Marilyn Monroe died.
It has been a big trouble for us.
It has been a chastening experience for me.
It has been a duel between you and me, Mr. Holmes.
It has been a full day of excitement and magic for me.
It has been a good day.
It has been a habit of mine for many years that when I am in my home, apart from mealtimes, I hardly ever leave my desk.
It has been a long day for everyone.
It has been a long time since I gave up.
It has been a long time since I saw him.
It has been a long time since I was in my hometown.
It has been a long time since I wrote you last.
It has been a long time since he went into exile.
It has been a long time since she visited me.
It has been a long time since she visited you.
It has been a long time since they last saw each other.
It has been a long time since they visited me.
It has been a long time since they visited us.
It has been a long time since we have been this happy.
It has been a long time since we visited that city.
It has been a long winter.
It has been a lot of fun.
It has been a nice trip overall.
It has been a nice trip.
It has been a pleasure to know you too.
It has been a pleasure to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Thompson. Here is my card.
It has been a standing jest in the family that nothing could ever wake me during the night.
It has been a very hard winter.
It has been a very nice week.
It has been a week since dad passed away.
It has been a week since they met.
It has been a while since I last sneezed.
It has been a while.
It has been a year since our wedding.
It has been a year since you started deceiving me.
It has been agreed that the meeting will be held on Friday.
It has been almost 4 years since Tom passed away in a car accident.
It has been almost 50 years since World War II ended.
It has been an adjustment.
It has been an easy job for Dan.
It has been an incredible year for Chris Daughtry. His debut album is the top seller of 2007 and his live shows are garnering rave reviews. Now his band, Daughtry, is on tour with the Canadian rock band Nickleback. But the rising star did not always think he was going to be a rock star.
It has been an ongoing conversation.
It has been announced that rail fares will increase by 10 per cent from 1st March.
It has been announced that railway fares will be raised by 10 percent starting on the first of March.
It has been as many as ten years since I started to live in Tokyo.
It has been bitterly cold this winter.
It has been claimed that there is serious exasperation and dysfunction between the Biden and Harris teams.
It has been cold since yesterday.
It has been completely remodeled and modernized.
It has been confirmed.
It has been decided.
It has been delightful, but I must go now.
It has been demonstrated in various researches that the private sector has little influence over policy making.
It has been demonstrated in various studies that the private sector has little influence over policy making.
It has been difficult to keep the Hawaiian language alive.
It has been done before.
It has been done to discourage us.
It has been dubbed the summit of gloom.
It has been easier and safer to meet someone on the Internet than in person.
It has been established that poverty and unemployment, with their attendant misery and despair, are the chief sources of crime. Is there any law to prevent poverty and unemployment?
It has been estimated that, as a result of the destruction, fifty species of wildlife are disappearing from the earth each day.
It has been exactly 90 days since the check was issued.
It has been fine for a week.
It has been fine since last Friday.
It has been five years since Mary emigrated to Australia.
It has been five years, I still remember it.
It has been five years, but I still remember it.
It has been forty years since Ziri left that place.
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health.
It has been getting colder and colder, and I spend much more time in my futon.
It has been hard lately.
It has been her dream to be a university professor.
It has been just a week since I arrived in New York.
It has been known to happen.
It has been life changing.
It has been locked from the inside.
It has been long since they said the time of local government had come.
It has been many decades that Japanese have had electronic toilets.
It has been many years since she died.
It has been mentioned several times.
It has been months since they started building the bridge. They have not finished building it yet.
It has been more than 3 years since I got married.
It has been more than a year since he has visited us.
It has been more than two years since he left home and so far has not returned.
It has been more than two years since she left home and has not returned.
It has been off and on for a few months.
It has been on the market for only three weeks and has already achieved very respectable sales figures.
It has been over three years since I moved here.
It has been over two years since I last spoke to him.
It has been played in many ways in most cultures around the world.
It has been proven that the masses make bad choices.
It has been raining a full five days.
It has been raining almost all week.
It has been raining constantly lately.
It has been raining for almost a week.
It has been raining for almost a whole week now.
It has been raining for seven full days.
It has been raining for three days on end.
It has been raining for three days.
It has been raining for two days, I think today must be sunny, maybe it will rain all day from early morning to evening.
It has been raining for two days.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
It has been raining heavily for two days.
It has been raining in the forest.
It has been raining nonstop for three days.
It has been raining now for three days.
It has been raining off and on.
It has been raining on and off since last night.
It has been raining on and off since morning.
It has been raining on and off since noon.
It has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday.
It has been raining on and off since this morning.
It has been raining severely since this morning. That's why I don't want to go anywhere.
It has been raining since Monday.
It has been raining since Sunday.
It has been raining since Tuesday.
It has been raining since last Monday.
It has been raining since last Saturday.
It has been raining since last Sunday.
It has been raining since last Thursday.
It has been raining since last night.
It has been raining since the day before yesterday, but it may clear up this afternoon.
It has been raining since yesterday.
It has been raining the whole day.
It has been raining. The roads are wet.
It has been repaired.
It has been said a lot.
It has been said that "a sucker's born every minute" and every 'confidence man' knows it.
It has been said that "a sucker’s born every minute" and every ’confidence man’ knows it.
It has been said that a man at ten is an animal, at twenty a lunatic, at thirty a failure, at forty a fraud, and at fifty a criminal.
It has been said that doctors only need to help nature do its job.
It has been said that if you hold a chicken upside down for one minute, it will fall asleep.
It has been said that the principal utility of abstraction is as an instrument in ratiocination.
It has been said there is nothing appertaining to life upon the broad plain. That is hardly true. Looking down from the Sierra Blanco, one sees a pathway traced out across the desert, which winds away and is lost in the extreme distance. It is rutted with wheels and trodden down by the feet of many adventurers. Here and there there are scattered white objects which glisten in the sun, and stand out against the dull deposit of alkali. Approach and examine them! They are bones: some large and coarse, others smaller and more delicate. The former have belonged to oxen, and the latter to men. For fifteen hundred miles one may trace this ghastly caravan route by these scattered remains of those who had fallen by the wayside.
It has been said, and with truth, that with a perfect knowledge of one or two thousand words anyone can adequately express oneself—conversationally—on any of the ordinary topics of everyday life, and for this reason we have taken special pains to select those words which are most in use.
It has been seventeen years since his aunt died.
It has been shown in most studies on this subject that intervention of the legislature had adverse effects.
It has been shown that there is a relation between various neurotransmitters and hormones and aggressive behavior.
It has been six years since I started to study English.
It has been snowing all day.
It has been snowing day after day.
It has been snowing for two days.
It has been snowing in Kabylie, Algeria.
It has been snowing off and on since last night.
It has been snowing on and off.
It has been snowing since this morning.
It has been snowing so much here that you can hardly see the cars outside.
It has been snowing the whole day.
It has been so long since I have seen you.
It has been so long since I last went to Disneyland with my family.
It has been sold
It has been sold.
It has been such a long time.
It has been ten years since I came here.
It has been ten years since I left Japan.
It has been ten years since I saw her last.
It has been ten years since he died.
It has been ten years since he left Japan.
It has been ten years since my father passed away.
It has been ten years since my uncle went to Canada.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
It has been the policy of the slaveholders to keep entirely out of sight their own numerical inferiority, and to speak and act as if their interests were those of the whole community.
It has been the scheme of the Christian church, and of all the other invented systems of religion, to hold man in ignorance of the Creator, as it is of government to hold him in ignorance of his rights.
It has been three days past due, but normally it couldn't do any bad.
It has been three months since I've done that.
It has been three months since he left Japan.
It has been three years since Bob started his own business.
It has been three years since I came to live here.
It has been three years since I last did that.
It has been too long.
It has been twenty years since I saw you last.
It has been two months since my arrival in Tokyo.
It has been two months since she went to see the doctor.
It has been two years since I studied medicine.
It has been two years since he came to Japan.
It has been two years since he went over to America to study English.
It has been unofficially decided that I will be employed by the company.
It has been very beautiful.
It has been very fine since then.
It has been weeks since it rained.
It has been weighed.
It has been windy for two days.
It has been wonderful.
It has begun to pour again. We need to stop working.
It has begun.
It has broadened my horizons.
It has ceased raining.
It has come to be viewed as an alternate spelling.
It has come to my ears that he will not be long in this country.
It has cooled down a bit.
It has cooled off.
It has cost me $100 altogether.
It has damaged his reputation.
It has dawned on me that I mistook his intention.
It has dawned upon me that he does not like me.
It has dawned upon my mind that you are in the right.
It has definitely helped me.
It has developed into a very large city.
It has efficient high-level data structures and a simple but effective approach to object-oriented programming.
It has enough salt.
It has enough willpower.
It has even rained a bit.
It has fertile soil where corn be grown.
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
It has four legs, is made of wood, and is in the kitchen.
It has four legs, it is made of wood and it lives in the kitchen.
It has four legs, it's made of wood and it's in the kitchen.
It has generated an avalanche of interest.
It has gone a quarter.
It has got dark.
It has got dark. Maybe it'll rain soon.
It has got dark. Maybe it’ll rain soon.
It has got worse.
It has gotten dark.
It has gotten quite dark.
It has great weight with her.
It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
It has had no effect on Tom.
It has had no effect on him.
It has happened at least three times.
It has happened before and it will probably happen again.
It has happened before.
It has happened that people sleeping with the fan on have experienced a freezing of the stomach, as well as a local air pressure stress leading them to feel unwell.
It has happened.
It has hardly changed.
It has helped.
It has high percentage of silica and alumina.
It has hints of modernity but is well-rooted in tradition.
It has improved compared to how it was before.
It has improved considerably compared with what it was.
It has it moments.
It has its benefits.
It has its perks.
It has just begun to snow.
It has just gone twenty past one.
It has just happened.
It has just started snowing.
It has just started to rain.
It has just started to snow in Vicenza.
It has just started to snow.
It has just stopped snowing.
It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
It has just struck eight, hasn’t it?
It has keen eyesight, good ears, and an acute sense of smell.
It has kept raining all day.
It has kept raining for the past three days.
It has kind of a post-punk vibe.
It has leaves on it.
It has left an irreplaceable void in our hearts.
It has left me speechless.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has long been well known that the Mexican numeration is vigesimal, and, as far as I know, there is no proof that it was ever used in the calculation of long reaches of time.
It has made me more compassionate, empathetic, and understanding.
It has more than doubled in size.
It has my name on it.
It has never been a written language.
It has never been done before.
It has never been my intention to offend.
It has never happened to you.
It has never happened.
It has never offended me.
It has never snowed during the summer.
It has never snowed on the island.
It has nice fur.
It has no absolute and universal significance.
It has no bearing on this problem.
It has no defects.
It has no effect on me.
It has no faults.
It has no parallel.
It has no shadow.
It has no thorns.
It has no value.
It has not been raining for while.
It has not been sold yet
It has not rained this month yet.
It has not stopped raining for several days.
It has not yet been decided whether to approve of your proposal.
It has nothing to do with Tom.
It has nothing to do with her.
It has nothing to do with him.
It has nothing to do with luck.
It has nothing to do with me.
It has nothing to do with my work.
It has nothing to do with real life.
It has nothing to do with religion.
It has nothing to do with that.
It has nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
It has nothing to do with the subject we're discussing.
It has nothing to do with them.
It has nothing to do with this.
It has nothing to do with us.
It has nothing to do with you.
It has often been said that clothes make the man, but this also holds true in the animal kingdom, where larger antlers or brighter plumage can increase a male's chance of attracting mates.
It has often been said that facts are to the scientist what words are to the poet.
It has only just left.
It has only ten streets.
It has rained a lot here.
It has rained a lot this year.
It has rained for three days on end.
It has rained in the forest.
It has rained since yesterday.
It has rained the day before.
It has recently become common to hold the Buddhist seventh-day memorial service on the same day as the funeral.
It has recently been suggested that calorie restriction alone has anticonvulsant effects in an animal model of epilepsy.
It has resulted in nothing.
It has seemed to me that while the full enjoyment of La Fontaine must always be reserved for those who can read him in French, it might be possible at least to convey something of his originality and blithe spirit through the medium of light verse.
It has sentimental value.
It has set up a religion of pomp and of revenue in pretended imitation of a person whose life was humility and poverty.
It has slowly dawned upon us that he will not help.
It has snowed a bit.
It has snowed a little.
It has snowed for two days.
It has snowed here today.
It has snowed here, and it's very cold.
It has snowed less this winter than last.
It has snowed so much here that you can hardly see the cars outside.
It has so much sugar because Mary always adds too much.
It has some bearing on this problem.
It has some connection to the problem.
It has started getting cold.
It has started raining again.
It has started raining.
It has started to hail.
It has started to rain.
It has stopped getting colder already, so it is best to swap studded tyres to normal tyres.
It has stopped raining.
It has stopped working.
It has struck me that Chinese children are very quiet.
It has suddenly got cold, hasn't it?
It has suddenly got cold, hasn’t it?
It has suddenly got warmer.
It has suddenly gotten cold, hasn't it?
It has taken a toll on his body.
It has taken forty-six years to build this temple.
It has taken them 20 years to like to read books.
It has the appropriate amount of salt.
It has the highest priority for Tom now.
It has thrown him completely off balance.
It has to be Tom who tells Mary she can't go.
It has to be a four-star hotel, and central.
It has to be a mistake.
It has to be an alien, since no terrestrial creature looks like that.
It has to be an alien. In any case, I don't know of any terrestrial organism that looks like that.
It has to be an inside job.
It has to be destroyed.
It has to be diluted with water.
It has to be dissolved in water.
It has to be done a different way.
It has to be done in a parodic way.
It has to be done urgently.
It has to be done!
It has to be done.
It has to be explained to them who you are.
It has to be here somewhere.
It has to be me who goes.
It has to be me.
It has to be near here somewhere.
It has to be one of us.
It has to be proved first.
It has to be proven first.
It has to be ready by the fifteenth.
It has to be ready by the twentieth.
It has to be removed.
It has to be said that Veronica has done a great job here.
It has to be screened in many cinemas.
It has to be stirred while it's cooking.
It has to be subtitled.
It has to be taken into account.
It has to be there somewhere.
It has to be there.
It has to be these ones.
It has to be tomorrow night.
It has to be true.
It has to begin as soon as possible.
It has to come from the heart.
It has to do with a very important subject.
It has to do with money.
It has to get cold for it to snow.
It has to happen sooner or later.
It has to happen that way, or else we're headed for disaster if not.
It has to mean something.
It has to review the concepts.
It has to start sometime.
It has to stop.
It has to work this time.
It has too many disadvantages.
It has turned into a fashion now.
It has turned to December.
It has twenty children.
It has two of Picasso's paintings.
It has two sides.
It has very good content.
It has water.
It has way too many calories.
It has worked out nicely.
It has worked up to now.
It has worried me a lot.
It has worsened.
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
It hasn't always been easy.
It hasn't always been like this.
It hasn't always been this easy.
It hasn't always been this way.
It hasn't been 10 minutes yet.
It hasn't been a piece of cake either.
It hasn't been decided yet.
It hasn't been done before.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to learn how to walk again.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to make ends meet.
It hasn't been easy for Tom.
It hasn't been easy for her.
It hasn't been easy for him.
It hasn't been easy for me.
It hasn't been easy for them.
It hasn't been easy for us to adapt.
It hasn't been easy for us.
It hasn't been easy for you, has it?
It hasn't been easy to adapt to the new schedule.
It hasn't been easy.
It hasn't been painted yet.
It hasn't been sold yet.
It hasn't been that long since we've seen each other, has it?
It hasn't been that long.
It hasn't been the same since you left.
It hasn't been thirty minutes yet.
It hasn't been this hot for thirty years.
It hasn't been this hot in a long time.
It hasn't been this hot in decades.
It hasn't been too cold.
It hasn't been too hot.
It hasn't been very long since the airplane took off.
It hasn't been widely adopted.
It hasn't been won yet.
It hasn't changed one iota.
It hasn't come out in the newspapers yet.
It hasn't come to that yet.
It hasn't come up yet.
It hasn't escaped me that Tom has a Boston accent, despite claiming to be Canadian.
It hasn't gotten better.
It hasn't happened a lot.
It hasn't happened to me yet.
It hasn't happened to them yet.
It hasn't happened to us yet.
It hasn't happened yet.
It hasn't rained all month.
It hasn't rained all summer.
It hasn't rained for more than two months.
It hasn't rained for over a month.
It hasn't rained for two months.
It hasn't rained here for a fortnight.
It hasn't rained here in a long time.
It hasn't rained here in three weeks.
It hasn't rained in three weeks.
It hasn't rained much this year.
It hasn't rained now for several hours.
It hasn't rained this month yet.
It hasn't rained yet this month.
It hasn't rained yet today.
It hasn't rained yet.
It hasn't rained.
It hasn't really been that long.
It hasn't snowed for weeks.
It hasn't snowed here in eight years.
It hasn't snowed here in three years.
It hasn't snowed here in years.
It hasn't snowed here since my parents were kids.
It hasn't snowed much this year.
It hasn't started snowing yet.
It hasn't stopped raining for three days.
It hasn't stopped raining for weeks.
It hasn't stopped raining since last night.
It hasn't stopped raining since yesterday.
It hasn't stopped raining yet.
It hasn't stopped snowing.
It hasn't worked out as well as we'd hoped.
It hasn't yet been decided.
It hasn’t been easy for Tom to deal with Mary’s health problems.
It hasn’t been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
It hasn’t been easy for Tom to learn how to walk again.
It hasn’t been easy for Tom to make ends meet.
It hasn’t been painted yet.
It heated strongly.
It heats up quickly.
It heightens our joy and our sorrow.
It helped Tom. However, I'm not sure if it'll help you, too.
It helped a lot.
It helped me a lot!
It helped me a lot.
It helped me become much more content with myself.
It helped me find myself.
It helped me incredibly.
It helped me out tremendously.
It helped us stay afloat.
It helps a little.
It helps a young man find his place in the world if he has a mentor.
It helps improve focus and concentration throughout the day.
It helps me to laugh at myself.
It helps native bees.
It helps our economy.
It helps to be connected.
It helps to distract myself from what worries me.
It helps us in times of difficulty.
It helps you with file organization.
It helps.
It hid the sun.
It highlights the interconnectedness of our actions and their potential consequences.
It hit him.
It hit the ground with a thud.
It hits me now how true it was.
It honestly feels like you're trying to fail.
It hums in my ears from the yell of young children.
It hung onto me.
It hunts birds, catching them on the ground when they are sleeping or sitting on nests.
It hurt Tom just to breathe.
It hurt Tom to hear the unvarnished truth. He didn't say another word to Mary after that.
It hurt a little, though.
It hurt all over.
It hurt everywhere.
It hurt for half a year.
It hurt like the dickens.
It hurt me deeply.
It hurt me, too.
It hurt more than I thought it would.
It hurt really bad.
It hurt so much I could have screamed, but I gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain.
It hurt so much I could've screamed, but I gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain.
It hurt so much to run barefoot in the woods.
It hurt so much.
It hurt to breathe.
It hurt to see Tom go.
It hurt to see Tom leave.
It hurt when you slapped me.
It hurt where I was hit.
It hurt, but I didn't cry.
It hurt, but nothing seemed to be bleeding.
It hurts a little here.
It hurts a little.
It hurts a lot to bend.
It hurts a lot.
It hurts because it's an open wound.
It hurts because you're an idiot.
It hurts but that's ordinary. I am used to it.
It hurts everywhere.
It hurts having to leave behind everything you have.
It hurts having to leave everything you have behind.
It hurts here.
It hurts just to stand up.
It hurts like hell.
It hurts like the dickens.
It hurts me to realize that you have let me down.
It hurts me to say this, but I can't help you.
It hurts me to say this, but I must be honest with you.
It hurts me to see your downfall.
It hurts me!
It hurts me, too.
It hurts me.
It hurts pretty bad.
It hurts right here.
It hurts so bad.
It hurts so much.
It hurts terribly.
It hurts that you don't trust me.
It hurts to be too greedy.
It hurts to bite.
It hurts to breathe.
It hurts to even walk with my thigh muscles aching.
It hurts to have to say this, but it's the truth.
It hurts to know everything between us is over.
It hurts to know that everything I say is a lie.
It hurts to know that everything between us is over.
It hurts to know that my absence makes her happy.
It hurts to know that you didn't keep your promise.
It hurts to lose someone.
It hurts to move.
It hurts to pee.
It hurts to realise I'll be 30 in just 3 years.
It hurts to say it, but I'm no longer in love with you.
It hurts to say that Zlatan is the best we've had.
It hurts to see Mary suffer so.
It hurts to see difficulties around me.
It hurts to see you like this.
It hurts to see you struggle without knowing why.
It hurts to talk.
It hurts to think about it.
It hurts to think.
It hurts tremendously here.
It hurts when I bite.
It hurts when I breathe.
It hurts when I pee.
It hurts when I think of his death.
It hurts when I touch it.
It hurts when I try to bite.
It hurts when I urinate.
It hurts when the other kids ignore you.
It hurts where I was hit.
It hurts!
It hurts! Stop!
It hurts, but we must forget all that's happened.
It hurts, doesn't it?
It hurts.
It hurts. Stop it.
It ill behooves us to do nothing.
It implies that you've had enough.
It implies you've had enough.
It imposes an unnecessary burden.
It impressed me much.
It impressed the young people.
It impresses me that you know how to do that.
It improved.
It includes widely varying organizations, people, and ideas.
It increases expenses.
It infuriated Tom even more.
It infuriates me when people do that.
It infuriates me when people spit on the sidewalk.
It interested me.
It interests me, of course, but sometimes I just get tired.
It interests you.
It interferes with our industrial development.
It interrupted everyone.
It involves quantum effects, I think.
It irritates Mary when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
It irritates Tom when Mary leaves the cap off the toothpaste.
It irritates me to have to take out the trash while you're lying on the couch watching TV all day.
It is "doubt" that turns good into bad.
It is 100 years old.
It is 100% free.
It is 5 miles from here to Tokyo.
It is 50 kilometers to Paris.
It is 5:50 PM right now.
It is 7 o'clock.
It is 7.45.
It is 7:30.
It is 7:45.
It is Anita's house.
It is April and it is very hot.
It is Chinese.
It is Christmas Eve today.
It is Cuba.
It is Damiano Rima wants to hang out with, not Walid.
It is December 1.
It is Egypt that he wants to visit.
It is Eve that sets Adam on.
It is Friday.
It is God who gives life.
It is Greek, you don't read that.
It is Halloween night, past nine o'clock, of 2021. I can hear pyrotechnics outside in the darkness. At least, it is not raining.
It is Hiram Johnson who said: "The first casualty when war comes is truth."
It is I that am bad.
It is I that am responsible for the accident.
It is I that am to blame.
It is I who am head of this family.
It is I who am to blame.
It is I who's giving up.
It is I.
It is I. Open.
It is Jack's apple.
It is Jack's diamond.
It is John's apple.
It is Monday today.
It is Monday.
It is Mrs. Lee, Susan's mother, in London.
It is Mrs. Lee, Susan’s mother, in London.
It is OK for me to use that?
It is OK if you don't do it today.
It is OK to redistribute the unregistered trial version.
It is Paris that I want to visit.
It is Pochi's food.
It is Pochi’s food.
It is Russia who invaded Ukraine.
It is Sami the police is after.
It is Sarah Palin's beknighted conclusion that climate change is a fiction. Next she'll be telling us she's an expert in quantum computing.
It is Saturday.
It is Soseki that my sister likes best.
It is Sunday tomorrow.
It is Sunday.
It is Thursday.
It is Tom who is giving up.
It is Tom who is responsible for this mess.
It is Tom who she wants to see.
It is Tom who will decide that.
It is Tom whom I want to see.
It is Tom whom she wants to see.
It is Tom's ambition to go to the moon.
It is Tom's duty to check out this place twice a day.
It is Tom's fault, not Mary's.
It is Tom’s ambition to go to the moon.
It is Tuesday.
It is Wednesday.
It is Yidir's brothers who leveled this land.
It is a Bengali custom that ladies, especially young ladies, must always wear their jewellery, even when travelling.
It is a Canadian film in its original French language.
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers.
It is a Christmas tree.
It is a Dutch bargain.
It is a Finno-Ugric language.
It is a bad translation.
It is a basic quality of an employee to complete his tasks within a fixed time.
It is a beautiful autumn morning.
It is a beautiful car, but it is not worth the price that I paid for it.
It is a beautiful city.
It is a beautiful hat.
It is a beautiful image.
It is a beautiful kitchen!
It is a beautiful language.
It is a beautiful painting.
It is a bell.
It is a big responsibility.
It is a bird.
It is a bit past three o'clock.
It is a bit past three.
It is a bit rainier than before
It is a black hole.
It is a blessing in disguise.
It is a book that I want to read.
It is a book.
It is a brand new product.
It is a campaign to encourage young people to vote.
It is a capital mistake to theorize before you have all the evidence. It biases the judgment.
It is a carnivorous species.
It is a cat.
It is a chair.
It is a cherry-picking concept.
It is a childish act.
It is a club of non-professional cyclists.
It is a cold morning for June.
It is a cold morning.
It is a colonial divide-and-conquer strategy to pit religious people against one another.
It is a colossally bad idea to drive without a driver's license.
It is a common misconception that malnutrition means not getting enough food.
It is a common saying that thought is free.
It is a complete mistake.
It is a complete mystery what caused the accident.
It is a complex algorithm.
It is a complex process.
It is a complicated language.
It is a complicated problem.
It is a complicated process.
It is a conceptual error to say that bees form colonies. The most appropriate term is “society” because these animals do not maintain physical bonds with each other.
It is a consolation that no one was killed.
It is a continent covered with ice.
It is a counterintuitive fact that light objects fall to earth just as quickly as heavy ones.
It is a coward who shields his eyes and shrinks away from the light of love and truth. If it could render us blind, what use would our eyes be?
It is a crime to cut off an eagle's wings.
It is a crime to lie in any circumstances?
It is a cross with him, he always comes too early.
It is a curse.
It is a custom from time immemorial: those who have worries, also have liqueur.
It is a custom more honored in the breach than the observance.
It is a dangerous disease, especially when elderly people and pregnant women are affected.
It is a dangerous habit to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one's dressing-gown.
It is a dead language.
It is a death warrant for me.
It is a defect to believe in everything, just as it is a great mistake to believe in nothing.
It is a delicate period.
It is a depressing prospect.
It is a detriment to my health.
It is a dialogue of the deaf.
It is a dictatorship.
It is a difficult problem.
It is a difficult task to make the history of political power struggles during the Joseon Dynasty culturally understandable to foreign readers.
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
It is a disease that can't be prevented.
It is a disease that can’t be prevented.
It is a disease which affects boys and girls alike.
It is a dive bar.
It is a draughty house.
It is a dream come true.
It is a dream of many to live elsewhere from where they are. The problem, though, may be internal, in that their emotional condition is such that wherever they would be, they would be unhappy. It would not really matter if they moved. It is the internal that needs fixing.
It is a dull pain.
It is a eukaryote.
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.
It is a fact that I dislike him.
It is a fact that I don't know her name.
It is a fact that I don’t know her name.
It is a fact that I'm poor at customer service.
It is a fact that he ran away from home.
It is a fact that smoking is a danger to health.
It is a fact that smoking is bad for health.
It is a fact that you are not very industrious.
It is a false premise.
It is a far cry from here to the goal.
It is a far, far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put out on the troubled seas of thought.
It is a fatal and dangerous mistake for a society to recklessly see progress or improvement in any technological innovations.
It is a feast for the eyes.
It is a film for adults, not for children.
It is a finding that is as surprising as it is groundbreaking.
It is a fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It is a fine hypothesis; it explains many things.
It is a fine thing, whoever has a trusty tongue.
It is a firm rule in newspaper articles that second-hand information is clearly noted as such.
It is a firmly anti-war novel.
It is a fish.
It is a five-minute walk to the library.
It is a forest of vineyards surrounded by tier upon tier of majestic mountains, that rise higher and higher, until they are lost to sight among the clouds, and in the centre of the mass of greenery, on the banks of the blue river, nestles the little town.
It is a four-hour drive from New York to Boston.
It is a friend.
It is a fundamental human right.
It is a game between cat and mouse.
It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the publick to be the most anxious for its welfare.
It is a gesture of neighbourly love.
It is a glaring reality that in our world today, Western airlines prohibit Russian citizens from boarding their planes solely due to political sanctions imposed on their country.
It is a glorious Monday at the Santa Monica Pier in Southern California. The perfect day for a ride on the Ferris wheel, or the roller coaster. Below the steel track of the coaster, parents beam as their kids tilt-a-whirl or smack each other around in bumper cars. Little kids toddle by with their dripping ice cream cones. It just doesn't get any better than this. Or does it?
It is a good application to start doing sport.
It is a good cake.
It is a good camera.
It is a good habit to keep a diary.
It is a good habit to look up new words in a dictionary.
It is a good idea asking him for help.
It is a good idea for students to work part-time while they are going to school.
It is a good idea for us to play shogi after dinner.
It is a good idea to plan your route before you leave.
It is a good idea to read this book.
It is a good idea.
It is a good plan but hard to carry out.
It is a good practice to look up in a dictionary words seen for the first time.
It is a good price, for this type of product.
It is a good question.
It is a great convenience to live near a station.
It is a great error to take oneself for more than one is, or for less than one is worth.
It is a great honor for me to have been elected chairman.
It is a great honor for me to meet you.
It is a great honor to be invited.
It is a great honor to become acquainted with her.
It is a great honor to meet him.
It is a great honor to meet you.
It is a great honour for me to help her.
It is a great honour to meet him.
It is a great honour to meet you.
It is a great idea to prepare your materials well.
It is a great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
It is a great joy.
It is a great mortification to the vanity of man, that his utmost art and industry can never equal the meanest of nature's productions, either for beauty or value.
It is a great mortification to the vanity of man, that his utmost art and industry can never equal the meanest of nature’s productions, either for beauty or value.
It is a great opportunity, but I don't want to leave my friends.
It is a great pity he was given up for lost.
It is a great pity not to have enough wits to speak well, nor enough judgment to be quiet.
It is a great pity that he died so young.
It is a great pity that you don't know it.
It is a great pity that you don’t know it.
It is a great pleasure being with you.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
It is a great privilege to be with you in Tatoeba.
It is a guessing game as to what they will come up with next!
It is a hall rather than a room.
It is a harmless animal.
It is a hassle to have to report to my boss two times a day.
It is a holiday tomorrow.
It is a huge tree.
It is a job that is never finished.
It is a joke.
It is a joy to be able to work listening to Chopin.
It is a joy to welcome overseas visitors to our home.
It is a kind of cat.
It is a kind of orange.
It is a known fact that Phoenician is closely related to Hebrew.
It is a labor to persuade her.
It is a lack of respect.
It is a likely outcome.
It is a literary work confronting the class problem of a consumer society.
It is a little after a quarter to eleven.
It is a little cold today.
It is a little cold.
It is a little cool today.
It is a little jaunt of 600 miles.
It is a little known fact that Tomas Berdych once won a match losing a mere point on serve... only to lose the next match with a bagel.
It is a little late for that now.
It is a long journey.
It is a long lane that has no turning.
It is a long pencil.
It is a long road that has no turning.
It is a long story.
It is a long time since I saw you last.
It is a long way to the village.
It is a long, wood-panelled room.
It is a lost river; and it is still a common thing to see a brown, lifeless, floating log suddenly flash, strike, and galvanize into a diving alligator.
It is a lot easier for a philosopher to explain a new concept to another philosopher than to a child. Why? Because the child asks the true questions.
It is a lot of fun picking various shells on the sands.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
It is a lot of fun to listen to music.
It is a lot of fun to read his letter sent to me every month.
It is a lot, but still it's not enough.
It is a lounge.
It is a love song.
It is a lovely riverside esplanade.
It is a lovely riverside promenade.
It is a luxury cruise.
It is a major logistics hub.
It is a mandatory mark.
It is a marvel that he should say so.
It is a massive infrastructure project originating from Kenya, consisting of a 32-berth port on the country’s north coast, a railway, an oil pipeline, highways, international airports, and resort cities.
It is a matter for joy that young men's physique has very much improved.
It is a matter for joy that young men’s physique has very much improved.
It is a matter of common knowledge that a man of genius is seldom successful in his own lifetime.
It is a matter of indifference to him.
It is a matter of life or death.
It is a matter of no consequence.
It is a matter of principle with him to answer your questions honestly.
It is a matter of taste.
It is a matter of time, and not much at that.
It is a matter of vital importance.
It is a menu.
It is a mess upstairs.
It is a miracle that Tom is still alive.
It is a miracle that Tom's still alive.
It is a mistake to confound strangeness with mystery. The most commonplace crime is often the most mysterious, because it presents no new or special features from which deductions may be drawn.
It is a mistake!
It is a moment of coordination of the company.
It is a moral question.
It is a most appetising morning drink, and should be taken a short time before eating.
It is a movie that mustn't be missed.
It is a multi-stage process.
It is a must for an actor to know his audience.
It is a must to guess lantern riddles during the Lantern Festival.
It is a mystery how they escaped from prison.
It is a mystery why he did not finish the poem.
It is a mystery why he quit his job.
It is a name.
It is a narcotic.
It is a nation that will aspire to independence.
It is a necessity of the human mind to give everything a name, thus recognising a difference between one thing and another, and recording it.
It is a necessity.
It is a new model with improved specifications.
It is a nice day!
It is a nice day, isn't it?
It is a nice day, isn’t it?
It is a nice initiative.
It is a nice view from here.
It is a notebook.
It is a notorious fact that the Monarchs of Europe and the Pope of Rome are at this very moment plotting our destruction.
It is a payday today.
It is a pear.
It is a people who will seek freedom.
It is a perfectly manageable task.
It is a photograph that I really like.
It is a picture that I like very much.
It is a pity that a man of your ability should remain unknown to the world.
It is a pity that he can not marry her.
It is a pity that he can't come.
It is a pity that he can’t come.
It is a pity that he died so young.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
It is a pity that he should miss such a chance.
It is a pity that nobody was saved in the accident, isn't it?
It is a pity that nobody was saved in the accident, isn’t it?
It is a pity that she should be in such poor health.
It is a pity that some people starve to death even in the midst of plenty.
It is a pity that the singer died so young.
It is a pity that the teacher is leaving our school.
It is a pity that you can not come.
It is a pity that you can't join us.
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
It is a pity that you cannot travel with us.
It is a pity that you can’t join us.
It is a pity that you have to go.
It is a pity that you missed that.
It is a pity that you should lose such a chance.
It is a pity you cannot come.
It is a plant that I do not know.
It is a pleasant day today.
It is a pleasure to spend time with Jane.
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
It is a pleasure, my friend.
It is a polyphonic composition.
It is a popular tourist destination.
It is a practical and simple system, but all its advantages cannot make us overlook the fact that the auxiliary-language project it represents is but one variant or dialect of the type referred to above.
It is a practice commonly used in some hospital emergency rooms for treating severe leg injuries.
It is a prevalent belief, according to a nationwide poll in the United States, that Muslims are linked with terrorism.
It is a prison in Denmark.
It is a privilege to meet you.
It is a problem to be impatient.
It is a prokaryote.
It is a proper mountain, not a hill.
It is a quarter to eight.
It is a question of my bread and butter.
It is a question of taste whether TAME, tense, aspect, mood, and evidentiality, should be expressed by inflection or particles.
It is a real fear.
It is a real problem.
It is a region of purity, of white ice, and of blue water, with no human dwelling within a thousand miles to sully the freshness of the breeze which blows across the icefields.
It is a relatively widespread misconception.
It is a representation of the man-made channels of a river that has dried up.
It is a result.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
It is a sacred right.
It is a sad house where the hen crows louder than the cock.
It is a scandal!
It is a secret.
It is a sequence of two actions.
It is a serious problem.
It is a set rule to go to school at 8 o'clock.
It is a set rule to go to school at 8 o’clock.
It is a shadow.
It is a shame not to keep your promise.
It is a shame that we do not know the master personally.
It is a shameful fact that, while there are lands where people suffer from hunger, within Japan there are many households and restaurants where much food is thrown away.
It is a sharp pain.
It is a sheer waste of time.
It is a short drive to the park.
It is a silly practice for non-Christians to send chocolates on St. Valentine's Day.
It is a silly practice for non-Christians to send chocolates on St. Valentine’s Day.
It is a simple corollary of our definition that the most special of substantives, proper names, cannot be turned into adjectives (or adjuncts, see below) without really losing their character of proper names and becoming more general.
It is a sin to steal even a pin.
It is a six hours' drive from Sofia to Varna.
It is a six hours’ drive from Sofia to Varna.
It is a six-hour drive from Sofia to Varna.
It is a small country but about 750 million plastic bags are used in New Zealand each year. Surveys show most people support the ban on lightweight single-use bags that the government says are an environmental menace. Retailers who flout the law could face heavy fines and shoppers are encouraged to report offenders, while random checks by officials are also planned. But authorities say their initial approach will be to educate companies about their responsibilities before fines are imposed.
It is a small dog.
It is a small world!
It is a sneaking piece of cowardice for Authors to put feigned names to their works, as if like Bastards of their Brain they were afraid to own them.
It is a social problem.
It is a song.
It is a steamed potato!
It is a step in the right direction.
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts.
It is a story made out of whole cloth.
It is a strange feeling that creeps over you, when you are standing in front of somebody you dreamed about last night.
It is a strange story.
It is a student's business to study.
It is a student’s business to study.
It is a stunning exhibition on wellness and holistic healing from awe-inspiring India.
It is a stupendous project.
It is a super idea.
It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
It is a table.
It is a tall building, isn't it?
It is a task beyond my power.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
It is a terrible ambience.
It is a terrible atmosphere.
It is a testament to the widespread agreement on the need for infrastructure investment that even groups adamantly opposed to Biden’s plan to pay for it with a tax increase or concerned about the possibility of inflation were quick to praise the proposal’s breadth and ambition.
It is a thing of the past.
It is a threat.
It is a toss-up whether the playboy will marry the blonde or the brunette; both girls are so beautiful.
It is a toss-up whether to drink sake or whiskey; too much of either results equally in drunken revelry.
It is a town of 1000 people that is located in the Province of Savona.
It is a town of no character.
It is a tragic situation when the people of God lose their authority in the world, and they always do so when they mix in with the world, and when the world is mixed in with them.
It is a tremendous delight.
It is a trireme.
It is a trivial matter.
It is a true history.
It is a truly fascinating city!
It is a truly remarkable place.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
It is a truth universally acknowledged.
It is a truth universally aknowledged that...
It is a two level style round burial mound, 23m diameter (lower level), 18m (higher).
It is a two-year project.
It is a typical Gothic church.
It is a vegetarian species.
It is a very difficult job for us.
It is a very experimental play.
It is a very great honor to speak with you.
It is a very hard problem.
It is a very light yet healthy dish.
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
It is a very pleasant day today.
It is a very popular destination for tourists.
It is a very pragmatic culture.
It is a very rewarding career, and I am grateful for the opportunity to do what I love.
It is a very sad tale.
It is a very special music.
It is a very strange letter.
It is a village.
It is a virtue never to tell a lie.
It is a waning moon.
It is a waste of effort to try and destroy the old. If we can truly renew ourselves, the old will already be destroyed.
It is a waste of energy.
It is a weird Mexican novel.
It is a well-established tradition.
It is a well-known fact that a bad woman seldom becomes better as she grows older, and Elsa's stepmother was no exception to the rule.
It is a well-known fact that a bad woman seldom becomes better as she grows older.
It is a white lie.
It is a wicked thing to be neutral between right and wrong. Impartiality does not mean neutrality. Impartial justice consists not in being neutral between right and wrong, but in finding out the right and upholding it, wherever found, against the wrong.
It is a wide watercourse which, after rain, stretches out unrestrained at many places in its course into a series of shallow swamps and clay-banked waterholes.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is a wonder that such a man is a policeman.
It is a wonderful ring!
It is a word game.
It is a worthy ambition to do well whatever one does.
It is abhorrent to me.
It is abnormal to eat so much.
It is abnormal to have the heart on the right side.
It is about 1 mile from here to the station.
It is about a higher organism.
It is about an hour and a few minutes before midnight, the beginning of Halloween of 2021. I can hear geese in the darkness outside my window.
It is about disarming Iraq and destroying its weapons of mass destruction.
It is about eight kilometers.
It is about fifteen years old.
It is about ready.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
It is about ten minutes’ walk to the station.
It is about the size of an egg.
It is about time I was going.
It is about time he got settled down.
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.
It is about time we were leaving.
It is about time you married.
It is about time you stopped being so idle and did some work.
It is about time you studied vocabulary!
It is about time you went to school.
It is absolutely impossible to do so.
It is absolutely impossible.
It is absolutely necessary that you be at the meeting.
It is absolutely necessary that you drink the medicine before sleeping.
It is absurd of you to do that.
It is absurd to believe that young children can run faster than policemen.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
It is absurd to idle away the student life.
It is absurd to think that the only way to tell if a poem is lasting is to wait and see if it lasts. The right reader of a good poem can tell the moment it strikes him that he has taken an immortal wound—that he will never get over it.
It is absurd to try to persuade them.
It is absurd trying to persuade him.
It is accelerating at break-neck speed.
It is acceptable to mention your job and interests and to ask the other person about his, but be careful not to let the conversation become too personal.
It is accepted that we'll have a meeting tomorrow.
It is accepted that we’ll have a meeting tomorrow.
It is accident-prone!
It is actually possible to say exactly the same thing in Swedish.
It is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry.
It is admitted that the hotel is the best in this area.
It is advisable for a man or woman to acquire an accomplishment.
It is advisable for him to go.
It is advisable for you to take the medicine.
It is advisable to bring some photographic identification, such as a valid passport.
It is advisable to eat more raw food.
It is advisable to go by train.
It is advisable to take the train.
It is against etiquette to call on a person early in the morning.
It is against my principles to borrow money.
It is against my principles to tell a lie.
It is against the rule to cross the street while the red light is on.
It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women.
It is agonizing for the United States to lose its young men and women.
It is all Greek to me.
It is all I want to do.
It is all because of you.
It is all delicious!
It is all for nothing.
It is all good?
It is all over with him.
It is all over with me. It can't be helped.
It is all over with me. It can’t be helped.
It is all right so far.
It is all right to eat out tonight?
It is all set.
It is all the same for me.
It is all the same to me where he goes.
It is all their fault, definitely.
It is all up with him by this time.
It is all very sad.
It is all very well to be frugal; but he goes too far.
It is alleged that his disjointed speech was written by his best friend.
It is almost 12 AM.
It is almost 12 o'clock.
It is almost 12 o’clock.
It is almost impossible to bear the torch of truth through a crowd without singeing somebody’s beard.
It is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time.
It is almost impossible to learn to speak this language correctly.
It is almost impossible you are asking for.
It is almost over!
It is almost ten o'clock.
It is almost ten o’clock.
It is almost three.
It is almost time to go home.
It is almost two o'clock in the morning of the day of Halloween. It is dark and quiet outside.
It is already August.
It is already a little late for that.
It is already dark outside.
It is already dark.
It is already eleven.
It is already five years since we began to study English.
It is already five, and I have still not gone to sleep.
It is already full.
It is already here.
It is already lunch time. Let's head to the cafeteria!
It is already morning.
It is already nine o'clock.
It is already nine o’clock.
It is already occupied.
It is already one in the morning, and I still cannot fall asleep.
It is already past five o'clock.
It is already past five o’clock.
It is already six o'clock!
It is already summer.
It is already ten years since we got married.
It is already time to eat dinner.
It is already time to eat.
It is already time to leave.
It is already time to return.
It is already too late.
It is already written.
It is alright, you don't need to see me off.
It is also a good movie.
It is also a popular park. More than 1 million visitors pass through the official entrances every year. But, others enter the park on water and go uncounted.
It is also my expert opinion that the document analysis is reliable as these handwriting samples are comparatively similar.
It is also possible that a person can get coronavirus from surfaces or objects that have the virus on it.
It is also prohibited to paint or write on the signs.
It is also recommended that you should be careful to only translate from sentences "owned" by native speakers. This helps to avoid problems.
It is also the site of a summer festival.
It is always a pleasure to see you.
It is always better to be optimistic than pessimistic.
It is always dark beneath the oil lamp.
It is always darkest just before dawn.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
It is always good to have thoughts, don't you think?
It is always good to know the truth.
It is always good when the rain washes away the snow, as it does tonight.
It is always necessary to give sources.
It is always possible to bind together a considerable number of people in love, so long as there are other people left over to receive manifestations of their aggressiveness.
It is always so.
It is always the case with her.
It is always the case with him.
It is always the case with them.
It is always the darkest just before the Day dawneth.
It is always the right time to do the right thing.
It is always the well-digger who is the most thirsty.
It is always useful to have savings to fall back on.
It is amazing that you won the prize.
It is amazing to think about.
It is amazing; you should have won the prize.
It is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room.
It is an act of folly.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country’s enemies.
It is an addictive drug.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
It is an advantage today to have a knowledge of computers.
It is an ancient midden, presently an archaeological treasury.
It is an ancient, popular and traditional festival.
It is an apple.
It is an arid region, almost a desert.
It is an army of 70,000 men.
It is an art form that weds classical poetry and musical improvisation in specific local modes.
It is an assassination attempt.
It is an attempt at assassination.
It is an augmentative.
It is an average-sized tree farm compared to their competitors in the area. Joann says the competition is rather friendly, but the income is not great, especially because sales have dropped this year.
It is an economy to buy good quality goods.
It is an endangered species.
It is an essential principle of justice that a court should not adjudicate upon any question without giving the parties to be affected or bound by the adjudication the opportunity of being heard and of bringing their witnesses before the court.
It is an ethnically diverse school.
It is an event that took place in my country.
It is an exciting city, New York.
It is an exciting night event.
It is an exciting time of the year.
It is an extremely diverse city.
It is an extremely expensive store.
It is an extremely useful object.
It is an historical play.
It is an honor for us.
It is an honor to meet you, miss.
It is an honor!
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
It is an hour’s drive from here to there.
It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
It is an illness that affects millions of people every year, in countries lacking clean water.
It is an illusion that youth is happy, an illusion of those who have lost it; but the young know they are wretched, for they are full of the truthless ideals which have been instilled into them, and each time they come in contact with the real they are bruised and wounded.
It is an immense happiness.
It is an important aim in Europe to accomplish the interoperability of railway systems.
It is an important letter.
It is an important match for the hosts, while the Americans will have a chance to tinker with their line-up.
It is an important maxim, that we ought to be very circumspect in the prosecution of magic and heresy. The accusation of these two crimes may be vastly injurious to liberty.
It is an important thing for the dance that you don't work outside of a choreographed sequence.
It is an important thing for the dance that you don’t work outside of a choreographed sequence.
It is an impossible accident.
It is an index of her character.
It is an indignity to take advantage of uneducated people.
It is an industrial city.
It is an insult to her.
It is an integer.
It is an interesting information.
It is an invasion.
It is an offensive joke.
It is an old Kabyle tradition we have forgotten.
It is an old dog.
It is an old manuscript.
It is an old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
It is an old strategy of tyrants to delude their victims into fighting their battles for them.
It is an omnivorous species.
It is an oniric moment.
It is an open secret that he deals in weapons.
It is an option.
It is an orange.
It is an outright lie that I am a spy.
It is an outstanding way to kill time.
It is an unethical industry.
It is an unfortunate fact that the bulk of humanity is too limited in its mental vision to weigh with patience and intelligence those isolated phenomena, seen and felt only by a psychologically sensitive few, which lie outside its common experience.
It is annoying to have to go to the school and the shop in order to scan a report, so I want to own a printer.
It is another story now.
It is anything but big.
It is apparent that he will win the election.
It is apparent that the architect devoted much attention to details.
It is apparently fine to think that I might occupy the throne.
It is apt to get either cloudy or windy when the cherry-blossoms are in full bloom.
It is aptly said that illness starts from the mind.
It is aptly said that necessity is the mother of invention.
It is around noon and the little girl's high-pitched squeals condense to form tiny white clouds in the -4 degrees air.
It is arranged.
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.
It is as clear to me as if it were yesterday.
It is as far away as the earth from the sky.
It is as good as lost.
It is as good or bad as the man using it.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
It is as if he is carrying his cross all by himself.
It is as if he were to say—thou knowest not so well as I.
It is as if the whole sky were on fire.
It is as if we had lost our identity.
It is as if we, not Brazil, won the game.
It is as impossible for man to demonstrate the existence of God as it would be for even Sherlock Holmes to demonstrate the existence of Arthur Conan Doyle.
It is as sure as death.
It is as useless as a chocolate teapot.
It is as warm today as yesterday.
It is as yet unknown.
It is astonishing to what lengths they will go to augment their already enormous amounts of wealth.
It is astonishing to witness that the Iranians, onto whom the Arabs imposed Islam through military defeat, have become its most zealous followers to the point of oppressing those of Zoroastrianism, though it is the religion of their own fathers. A kind of Stockholm syndrome on the national scale.
It is at best a second-rate hotel.
It is at night that faith in light is admirable.
It is at the foot of the wall that we know the mason.
It is automation that would take your job if you don't chase the waves of change.
It is autumn again.
It is autumn, the time when lawnmowers begin to fall silent and leaf blowers start to roar.
It is autumn.
It is autumn. The street is covered in dry leaves.
It is available for free.
It is awfully expensive!
It is bad for people not to have aspirations.
It is bad manners to do so at table.
It is bad manners to eat with a knife.
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat.
It is bad manners to make noises at table.
It is bad manners to point at people.
It is bad manners to speak with your mouth full.
It is bad manners to visit late at night.
It is bad of me to have kept you waiting so long.
It is bad to count all the things that you gave.
It is bad to hurt others.
It is bad to steal.
It is bad weather.
It is barely an S size.
It is barely believable.
It is beautiful to see animals in nature.
It is beautiful.
It is because he is cruel that I dislike him.
It is because he is honest that I like him.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
It is because it can't hope for a success if it isn't healthy.
It is because it can’t hope for a success if it isn’t healthy.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
It is because of his selfishness that no one wants to associate with him.
It is because of you that I am mutilated!
It is because the physical condition was bad that it returned that day.
It is because you are lazy that you cannot write your report.
It is because you do not do it, not because you are not able to do it.
It is because you work too much that you are sleepy all the time.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
It is becoming scary.
It is becoming warmer day by day.
It is beginning to tell on him.
It is being sold at the market
It is believed that Christ worked many miracles.
It is believed that Mary is good at tennis.
It is believed that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
It is believed that all men are equal.
It is believed that around the 8th century, all of North Africa became Muslim.
It is believed that ghosts exist in this forest.
It is believed that he was a brave soldier.
It is believed that he was innocent.
It is believed that he will win the race.
It is believed that on this day, Goddess Parvati presented a lance to Lord Murugan to vanquish the demon army of Tarakasura and combat their evil deeds.
It is believed that she is a genius.
It is believed that the festival comes from the South Pacific islands.
It is believed that there is no life on Mars.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
It is beneath him to do something like that.
It is beneath him to say such a thing.
It is beneath my dignity to ask a favor.
It is beneath you to say such a thing.
It is beneficial to have good friends.
It is best left untouched.
It is best not to develop the queen too early in the game, as it may be attacked and forced to retreat.
It is best that he should do his duty.
It is best that we speak with a specialist.
It is best that you stop smoking.
It is best to avoid eating high cholesterol foods.
It is best to rest.
It is best to review the material before the presentation.
It is best to use plastic chopsticks to eat and wash later, instead of using disposable chopsticks.
It is best to value honor above wealth.
It is best to wash the dishes with environmentally friendly dishwashing liquid.
It is best you put on the blue blouse.
It is better for an animal to live a comfortable life in a zoo than to be torn apart by a predator in the wild.
It is better for each to cover the other, rather than for each to blame the other.
It is better for the environment if we use less energy.
It is better for the health to live in the country than in the city.
It is better for the living than the dead. The living can always come by the cow. I saw a fire burning for a rich man, but outside he was dead by the doors.
It is better for you not to eat anything before going to sleep.
It is better for you not to eat before you go to bed.
It is better for you to act by legal means.
It is better for you to do it now.
It is better here than there.
It is better in schools to have several language electives available to students.
It is better never to begin than never to make an end.
It is better not to buy such things without trying them on.
It is better not to go out of your field.
It is better not to imagine such a thing.
It is better that everyone follows their own destiny.
It is better that he be sold to the Ismaelites, and that our hands be not defiled: for he is our brother and our flesh. His brethren agreed to his words.
It is better that she does not travel alone.
It is better that ten guilty persons escape, than that one innocent suffer.
It is better that you buy a donkey.
It is better that you do the things that are hard to do first.
It is better that you tell him the truth.
It is better they stay at home.
It is better to accomplish the smallest feat in the world, than to lay low for a half hour.
It is better to act than to talk.
It is better to act than to wait.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
It is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life.
It is better to be ashamed than sorry.
It is better to be born lucky than rich.
It is better to be envied than pitied.
It is better to be grateful for our blessings than to take them for granted.
It is better to be safe than sorry.
It is better to be silent and thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
It is better to be stung by a nettle than pricked by a rose.
It is better to build a bridge than a wall.
It is better to change an opinion than to persist in a wrong one.
It is better to come earlier.
It is better to die honorably than to live in disgrace.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to dismiss than to request.
It is better to do well than to say well.
It is better to do what she says.
It is better to eat dry bread.
It is better to envy than to pity.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
It is better to give than to receive.
It is better to give than to take.
It is better to have old second-hand diamonds than none at all.
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.
It is better to ignore this point.
It is better to keep quiet than to talk nonsense.
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
It is better to know nothing than know something that isn't true.
It is better to learn words in some context.
It is better to let well alone.
It is better to lie low until this affair blows over.
It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.
It is better to live rich, than to die rich.
It is better to lose with a wise man than to find with a fool.
It is better to obey than sacrifice.
It is better to oblige Tom.
It is better to plead than to perish.
It is better to prevent evil than punish it by another evil thereafter.
It is better to read a few books carefully than to read many at random.
It is better to receive an injury than to cause one.
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
It is better to remain silent, than to talk without purpose.
It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.
It is better to risk sparing a guilty person than to condemn an innocent one.
It is better to say "woe is me" than "woe is us".
It is better to say nothing about the matter.
It is better to stay in than go out.
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
It is better to struggle and suffer than to have everything and be bored.
It is better to take care of it early.
It is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes.
It is better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
It is better to wake up early.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is better to write out numbers up to and including ten.
It is better to write out numbers up to ten, inclusive.
It is better with butter.
It is bewildering to even think about.
It is beyond absurd.
It is beyond me why he continues to be so upset.
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
It is beyond my power.
It is beyond the boundaries of human intellect.
It is beyond the boundary of human knowledge.
It is beyond the point when anyone can stop him.
It is beyond the scope of the present work to describe all the components that comprise Emmet's architectural style.
It is beyond the scope of the present work to describe all the components that comprise Emmet’s architectural style.
It is beyond the scope of this paper to argue the input theory in detail.
It is bisexual.
It is blazing hot under the sun.
It is blowing a gale outside.
It is blowing very hard.
It is boiled just enough.
It is boiling, I am sweating.
It is bold of him to refuse our offer.
It is bold of you to dispute to her proposal.
It is bold of you to question her proposal.
It is bold of you to say such a thing.
It is bonkers to go out in this weather.
It is both good and cheap.
It is bounded to the north by Lebanon, the northest by Syria, the east by Jordan and the West Bank, and to the southwest by Egypt.
It is breaktime!
It is breathtaking.
It is bright and clear.
It is broiling hot.
It is burdensome to have all these as friends; it is enough not to have enemies.
It is but a short step from negligence to complicity.
It is by a long way his preferred title when he refers to himself.
It is by faith that we understand that the universe was created by God's word, so that what can be seen was made out of what cannot be seen.
It is by no means an easy job.
It is by no means certain.
It is by no means easy to master a foreign language.
It is by no means easy to please everybody.
It is by no means easy to satisfy everyone.
It is by reading newspapers and books that we can keep up with the time.
It is by this reason that he left school.
It is called a lily.
It is called sick humor.
It is called the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument. A family that started a successful business making skin care products donated the land. The land is home to moose, black bears, coyotes, deer, bobcats, snowshoe hares, fisher cats, bald eagles and Canada lynx.
It is careless of her to make such a mistake.
It is careless of me to take the wrong bus.
It is careless of you tell him the truth.
It is careless of you to say such things.
It is carried away by tidal waves.
It is certain not only that we don't know everything, but also that there is much we will never know.
It is certain that Emmet contrived his 'dyad' style to facilitate the process of architectural design.
It is certain that Emmet contrived his ’dyad’ style to facilitate the process of architectural design.
It is certain that Jim stayed at home that day.
It is certain that Lucy will marry the pop singer.
It is certain that he didn't go out that day.
It is certain that he didn’t go out that day.
It is certain that he helped them for his own benefit.
It is certain that he helped them for the benefit of himself.
It is certain that he is in Hawaii now.
It is certain that he is the tallest of us all.
It is certain that he is wrong.
It is certain that he missed the train.
It is certain that he passed the examination.
It is certain that he will agree to your plan.
It is certain that he will agree with us.
It is certain that he will come here.
It is certain that he will come.
It is certain that he will pass the examination.
It is certain that he will succeed.
It is certain that he'll win the game.
It is certain that he’ll win the game.
It is certain that one important criterion for employment is having 'leadership'.
It is certain that one important criterion for employment is having ’leadership’.
It is certain that prices will go up.
It is certain that the increase of divorce will lead to anxiety between couples, parents and children.
It is certain that the plane will reach there on time.
It is certain that the price of gold will go up.
It is certainly a tasty delicacy. To all of you I say "bon appetit."
It is certainly feasible.
It is certainly late.
It is certainly possible if you want it.
It is challenging and I am learning a lot.
It is characteristic of him to do such a thing.
It is characteristic of him to go to work before breakfast.
It is characteristic of him.
It is characteristic of the fork ball, one of baseball's change-ups, that a ball that flew straight will drop suddenly just before the batter.
It is characteristic of the fork ball, one of baseball’s change-ups, that a ball that flew straight will drop suddenly just before the batter.
It is cheap to take the subway in Beijing.
It is cheap, but on the other hand it is not good.
It is cheaper if you go there by bus.
It is cheaper if you take the round trip tickets.
It is cheaper than chemical fertilizers.
It is cheaper to contract out that service than to have your staff do it themselves.
It is cheaper to go by bus.
It is cheaper to order by the dozen.
It is clear that Mike took the wrong bus.
It is clear that he failed for lack of prudence.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
It is clear that he is a great artist.
It is clear that he is at home.
It is clear that he is guilty.
It is clear that he is rich.
It is clear that he knows the answer.
It is clear that he made a big mistake.
It is clear that he pretended to be ill.
It is clear that in the year 208 B.C., at least, Hasdrubal outmanoeuvred Publius Scipio, who held the command of the Roman forces in Spain; and whose object was to prevent him from passing the Pyrenees and marching upon Italy.
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest.
It is clear that people are trying to make capital out of this crisis.
It is clear that people are trying to profit from this crisis.
It is clear that she knows the answer.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
It is clear that the little girl is not human.
It is clear that the ship sank.
It is clear that there is no classification of the Universe that is not arbitrary and full of conjectures.
It is clear that they will be late today.
It is clear that this unfortunate man was about to return to New York.
It is clear that we cannot live without air.
It is clear that we need to improve.
It is clear what must be done.
It is clear, then, that in order to free the workers from disease, hunger and premature death, we must reject capitalism.
It is clearing up.
It is clearly inevitable.
It is clearly overwrought, and I do not think a lot of people are buying the message, but that does not prevent the president from trying.
It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
It is clearly shown in Johnson’s investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
It is clever of her to solve such a difficult problem.
It is close to eleven. It's about time we went to bed.
It is close to eleven. It’s about time we went to bed.
It is close to seven o'clock.
It is close to seven o'clock. We have to go to school.
It is close to seven o’clock.
It is close to seven o’clock. We have to go to school.
It is cloudy and foggy.
It is cloudy now.
It is cloudy today.
It is coffee time.
It is cold all year here.
It is cold all year round here.
It is cold in Algeria.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
It is cold outside today.
It is cold outside.
It is cold there even in summer.
It is cold there, even in summer.
It is cold today.
It is cold.
It is colder this year than last year.
It is coming towards me.
It is common for children to cause trouble.
It is common for children to have mice.
It is common for multiple road types to meet at a roundabout.
It is common for people to wear wool hats in winter.
It is common for students to go to school without eating breakfast.
It is common for students to skip breakfast before going to school.
It is common for weather conditions to change suddenly in mountainous terrains; sunny mornings can turn into stormy afternoons.
It is common in the United States for a primary care physician to refer a patient to a specialist.
It is commonly said that "Columbus discovered America." It would be more accurate, perhaps, to say that he introduced the Americas to Western Europe during his four voyages to the region between 1492 and 1502.
It is completely natural for her to be mad.
It is completely out of the question.
It is completely possible for it to have unwanted side effects.
It is completely understandable to wipe your nose on the bedclothes if you cannot find your handkerchief with the lights out.
It is computed at 10,000 yen.
It is conceivable that he knows the rumor.
It is concerned with air pollution.
It is confusing.
It is considered bad form for a comic book character to break the fourth wall.
It is considered impossible to travel back to the past.
It is considered to be one of the best restaurants in town.
It is contrary to reason.
It is contrary to the morals.
It is convenient for us to start now.
It is convenient to get vaccinated.
It is cool after the rain.
It is cool outside.
It is correct to say that psychological readiness is important in this therapy.
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict.
It is courageous of him to oppose his boss.
It is courageous of you to say such a thing.
It is covered with adhesives from many distant countries.
It is crazy of him to leave the door open.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
It is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles.
It is crucial for world peace.
It is crucial that we fine-tune the dialogue on strategic stability and global security and nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
It is crucial that you go.
It is cruel of him to ill-treat pets.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
It is cruel of them to make the boy work so hard.
It is cruel of you to find fault with her.
It is cruel to mock a blind man.
It is curious that she should have asked you such a thing.
It is curious to note that those who propose a maximum sentence limit seldom possess the same dedication and commitment displayed by the website's top contributors.
It is currently -10°C.
It is currently being redesigned.
It is customary to begin the teaching of grammar by dividing words into certain classes, generally called "parts of speech" — substantives, adjectives, verbs, etc. — and by giving definitions of these classes.
It is customary to eat oily foods on Hanukkah to commemorate the miracle of the oil.
It is customary to eat sufganiyot and latkes on Hanukkah.
It is customary to go out on New Year's Eve to celebrate the arrival of the New Year.
It is customizable to your likings.
It is damp and cold today, isn't it?
It is damp and cold today, isn’t it?
It is dangerous for children to go out alone at night.
It is dangerous for children to play in the street.
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
It is dangerous for us to be out after eight o'clock.
It is dangerous for us to be out after eight o’clock.
It is dangerous for you to swim in this river.
It is dangerous for you to travel to a foreign country by yourself.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
It is dangerous to climb that mountain.
It is dangerous to cross that old bridge.
It is dangerous to cross the street here.
It is dangerous to drink too much.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
It is dangerous to fly in this heavy fog.
It is dangerous to generalise about a situation which you do not fully understand.
It is dangerous to jump into a moving train.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
It is dangerous to jump out into the road that fast! You might get hit by a car.
It is dangerous to lean out.
It is dangerous to live close to a volcano.
It is dangerous to mine there.
It is dangerous to play in the street.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
It is dangerous to run here.
It is dangerous to swim here.
It is dangerous to swim with dolphins.
It is dangerous to walk on a calving glacier.
It is dangerous to wield an edged tool in such a way.
It is dangerous!
It is dark in Tom's office.
It is dark in that room.
It is dark out of doors.
It is dark outside.
It is decisive for us that we win this game.
It is deeply interesting.
It is definite that he will go to America.
It is definite that he will go.
It is definitely not a good idea.
It is degrading for her.
It is delicious.
It is delightful to be praised by an expert in the field.
It is delightful to look at a sleeping baby.
It is dependent on you if we will buy it or not.
It is deplorable that she is so selfish.
It is desirable that atomic energy should be used for peaceful purposes.
It is desirable that nobody should be hurt.
It is desirable that she should apologize to him herself.
It is desirable that you should attend the meeting.
It is different from usual.
It is difficult for Japanese people to speak English fluently.
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
It is difficult for a theory to survive such a test.
It is difficult for beginners to enjoy windsurfing.
It is difficult for foreign students to speak English well.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese food.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
It is difficult for foreigners to master Japanese.
It is difficult for her to act otherwise.
It is difficult for him to act otherwise.
It is difficult for him to buy a car.
It is difficult for him to solve the problem.
It is difficult for me to answer the question.
It is difficult for me to control my emotions.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
It is difficult for me to handle the case.
It is difficult for me to play the piano.
It is difficult for me to pronounce the word.
It is difficult for me to read the book.
It is difficult for me to read this text.
It is difficult for me to skate.
It is difficult for me to solve that problem.
It is difficult for me to understand Italian when it is spoken quickly.
It is difficult for me to understand him.
It is difficult for me to understand this question.
It is difficult for me.
It is difficult for mother tongue speakers to judge how their language sounds to speakers of other languages.
It is difficult for the Japanese to articulate the sound of the r.
It is difficult for them to talk about the past.
It is difficult for those who are sad to feign joy.
It is difficult for up-and-coming actors to endear themselves to audiences by playing leading roles.
It is difficult for us to get along with her, because she is hard to please.
It is difficult for us to persuade him.
It is difficult for you to climb to the mountaintop.
It is difficult not to write satire.
It is difficult planning meals for so many people.
It is difficult to actually stand up against the flow.
It is difficult to adapt oneself to sudden changes of temperature.
It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.
It is difficult to be fluent in a language when one has no opportunities to speak it.
It is difficult to be nobody.
It is difficult to believe what you say.
It is difficult to break the vicious circle of wages and prices.
It is difficult to calculate the results of the election.
It is difficult to carry out the plan.
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
It is difficult to catch up with Japan in the production of cars.
It is difficult to convey the meaning exactly.
It is difficult to decide where to go.
It is difficult to decide.
It is difficult to determine the state and safety of the radiation leakage.
It is difficult to distinguish truth from falsehood.
It is difficult to escape "mundanity" in my current sphere, as people seem really "mundane" in thinking.
It is difficult to execute the task.
It is difficult to execute trills properly.
It is difficult to express one's thoughts in English.
It is difficult to express one’s thoughts in English.
It is difficult to find a happy medium between city and countryside.
It is difficult to find a job in the United States.
It is difficult to find a porter who is available in this railroad station.
It is difficult to find a well paid permanent job.
It is difficult to find work.
It is difficult to finish the work in a day.
It is difficult to forget certain things.
It is difficult to form sentences in languages you don't know very well.
It is difficult to gain access to him.
It is difficult to get a job in Israel if you refuse to serve in the military.
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it.
It is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment.
It is difficult to get on well with Tom.
It is difficult to give up a long love suddenly.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
It is difficult to have neighbors who wish you disappeared, as is the case of the Israelis and Kabyles who are surrounded by madmen.
It is difficult to have one's own house in Tokyo.
It is difficult to have one’s own house in Tokyo.
It is difficult to imagine a life with neither television nor the Internet.
It is difficult to keep abreast of the international situation these days.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says Yes and No.
It is difficult to know oneself.
It is difficult to leave one's homeland.
It is difficult to live easy.
It is difficult to love somebody when it's not clear whether or not the other person loves you the same way.
It is difficult to love somebody when it’s not clear whether or not the other person loves you the same way.
It is difficult to make a precise prediction about the inflation rate because of the economic instability in the country.
It is difficult to make him happy.
It is difficult to make up for wasted time.
It is difficult to make up your mind.
It is difficult to objectively analyze one's own beliefs.
It is difficult to overcome this shortcoming without drastically changing the whole system.
It is difficult to peg the direction of interest deregulation.
It is difficult to play the piano.
It is difficult to pour out one's heart through writing: it is the prerogative of a few authors. It's not just a question of vocabulary; it is still necessary to weave the words. Me, I have not yet managed to catch a glimpse of their beginning.
It is difficult to prove that ghosts exist.
It is difficult to provide a good translation without the help of a proofreader.
It is difficult to put what we said in practice.
It is difficult to put what we said into practice.
It is difficult to relate to someone who has different values from you.
It is difficult to remain aware while dreaming.
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is.
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
It is difficult to say what we don't like.
It is difficult to say which vehicle is more beautiful.
It is difficult to see her.
It is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff.
It is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air.
It is difficult to solve this problem.
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.
It is difficult to speak in public.
It is difficult to speak three languages.
It is difficult to suddenly put aside a long-standing love.
It is difficult to summarize all the steps by which, in seven years, Orbán builds a regime where the people become less free, more dependent on the state, more nationalistic and protectionist.
It is difficult to talk to him.
It is difficult to tell the bare facts.
It is difficult to translate a poem correctly.
It is difficult to translate a poem into another language.
It is difficult to understand certain things.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
It is difficult to understand this novel.
It is difficult to understand why you want to go.
It is difficult to wake up on cold mornings.
It is difficult to walk 60 kilometers a day.
It is difficult to walk in the sand.
It is difficult to write a simple or short sentence that is not boring.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to persuade him.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to solve this problem.
It is difficulties that show what men are.
It is difficulties that show what people are.
It is disheartening that the efforts of the Algerian translator to enhance the website's content are met with persistent annoyance from some users.
It is disheartening to witness how innocent Russian citizens are unjustly penalized by Western airlines due to circumstances far beyond their control.
It is disheartening to witness how, rather than holding accountable the so-called civilized nations responsible for heinous war crimes, some individuals prefer to vilify and criticize those who raise their voices against these atrocities.
It is disheartening to witness the lack of empathy and compassion displayed by users who persistently bully Antonio on the website.
It is disheartening to witness the misplaced priorities of certain people who choose to criticize and discredit those who stand up against war crimes, rather than focusing on bringing the perpetrators to justice.
It is dishonest.
It is doing you no good what you have got at home.
It is done, thank you.
It is doubtful if we can get the engine working.
It is doubtful where he has been.
It is doubtful whether Bill will come.
It is doubtful whether he did his homework by himself.
It is doubtful whether he is telling the truth.
It is doubtful whether he will accept my proposal or not.
It is doubtful whether he will come or not.
It is doubtful whether he will keep his word.
It is doubtful whether he will pass.
It is doubtful whether her song will become popular.
It is doubtful whether she will come on time.
It is doubtful whether she will come to see me.
It is doubtful whether she will come.
It is doubtful whether the rumor is true or not.
It is doubtful whether they will be able to swim.
It is doubtful whether this machine works well or not.
It is doubtful whether this method will work.
It is doubtful whether this will work.
It is doubtful whether we shall be able to come.
It is doubtless that he was murdered.
It is down there that the Mermen live.
It is down there.
It is dreadful that a nuclear crisis has hit Japan.
It is driving me crazy.
It is duck soup for a carpenter to construct a chicken coop for his son.
It is dull for me, grandmother, to sit idly hour by hour. My hands want work to do. Go, therefore, and buy me some flax, the best and finest to be found anywhere, and at least I can spin.
It is dull to travel by ship.
It is during this period that Earth suffered one of the largest mass extinctions in history, losing 50 percent of its animal families, 95 percent of all marine species, many species of trees, and the trilobites.
It is dusty.
It is easier for Tom to put the blame on Mary than to admit his own mistake.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
It is easier for everyone to judge than to act.
It is easier for heaven and earth to disappear than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law.
It is easier than I thought.
It is easier than it seems.
It is easier to ask of the poor than of the rich.
It is easier to catch an escaped horse than to take back an escaped word.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live according to them.
It is easier to get money than to keep it.
It is easier to go down a hill than to climb it up.
It is easier to harm than to help.
It is easier to have fun than to work.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
It is easier to implant a belief into someone about a subject they have not considered, than it is to change a preexisting opinion.
It is easier to influence the community by infiltrating into it by respecting its rules.
It is easier to make plans than to put them into practice.
It is easier to speak a foreign language if you're not afraid of making mistakes.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair.
It is easier to sympathize with sorrow than to sympathize with joy.
It is easier to translate simpler sentences.
It is easier to understand children.
It is easier to write a bad poem than to understand a good one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
It is easy for babies to get sick.
It is easy for him to answer this question.
It is easy for him to carry out the plan.
It is easy for him to carry the stone.
It is easy for me to answer the question.
It is easy for me to play tennis.
It is easy for me to read this book.
It is easy for me to solve the problem.
It is easy for me to swim.
It is easy for us to agree with his opinion.
It is easy for us to make many mistakes.
It is easy for us to speak Japanese.
It is easy for you to solve this problem.
It is easy to add 5 to 10.
It is easy to add numbers using a calculator.
It is easy to answer the question.
It is easy to answer this question.
It is easy to answer your question.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
It is easy to be wise after the event.
It is easy to become a Theosophist. Any person of average intellectual capacities, and a leaning toward the metaphysical; of pure, unselfish life, who finds more joy in helping his neighbor than in receiving help himself; one who is ever ready to sacrifice his own pleasures for the sake of other people; and who loves Truth, Goodness, and Wisdom for their own sake, not for the benefit they may confer—is a Theosophist.
It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree.
It is easy to consider man unique among living organisms.
It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is easy to fake email addresses so that an e-mail looks like it comes from someone else.
It is easy to find a nice woman but difficult to keep her nice.
It is easy to find an example.
It is easy to find fault with others.
It is easy to find fault with the work of others.
It is easy to forget that the mike is on.
It is easy to form a plan, but it is difficult to carry it out.
It is easy to get the cranky man's goat by teasing him.
It is easy to get the cranky man’s goat by teasing him.
It is easy to imagine that it was the bats that led ancient people to discover the cave. Archeologists and others have found evidence of Ice Age hunters near the cave entrance. They have also found pieces of spear points left about 10,000 years ago. More recently, Apache Indians painted pictures at the entrance. And evidence of one of their cooking areas was found beside a nearby path.
It is easy to knuckle down if you have enough motivation.
It is easy to laugh with those who laugh, and difficult to cry with those who cry.
It is easy to learn a foreign language.
It is easy to learn the Cyrillic alphabet but it is hard for new learners of Russian to fluently read texts written with the Cyrillic alphabet.
It is easy to love, but difficult to be loved.
It is easy to love, but hard to be loved.
It is easy to make a man one's friend, but hard to keep him so.
It is easy to make a man one’s friend, but hard to keep him so.
It is easy to make friends even in the new places.
It is easy to make simple additions.
It is easy to offend people; difficult, if not impossible, to improve them.
It is easy to play tennis.
It is easy to read this book.
It is easy to say and hard to accomplish.
It is easy to see the fault of others, but it is hard to see one's own.
It is easy to side with the majority.
It is easy to slip and fall during icy winters.
It is easy to solve the problem.
It is easy to start a business in Algeria?
It is easy to swim.
It is easy to talk.
It is easy to tell him from his brother.
It is easy to understand that this is a problem for you.
It is easy to understand what he is trying to say.
It is easy to work in jeans.
It is easy to write love letters in Esperanto.
It is eaten with bread.
It is eating.
It is education that is key to the success.
It is effective against bacterial infections.
It is efficient.
It is either Cesar or nothing.
It is embarking on a 12-year mission, during which it will travel more than 6 billion kilometers.
It is encouraging to see by reading some modern books that scientists are beginning to realize that not all the amazingly intelligent processes of the creation, maintenance, and evolution of life arose solely by chance and natural selection.
It is enjoyable to play tennis.
It is enormous.
It is enough for me to contemplate the mystery of conscious life perpetuating itself through all eternity, to reflect upon the marvelous structure of the universe which we can dimly perceive, and to try humbly to comprehend even an infinitesimal part of the intelligence manifested in nature.
It is enough for one day.
It is enough for the present.
It is enough for today.
It is enough to iron and fold it.
It is enough to keep me here, that here only I shall see you,--enough to make me rejoice to have come, that I have found you here.
It is enough to read the curriculum of President Natanyahu to realize his genius and his humanism.
It is entirely seemly for a young man killed in battle to lie mangled by the bronze spear. In his death, all things appear fair.
It is entirely up to him whether he does it or not.
It is entirely up to you.
It is especially cold this morning.
It is especially difficult for people like me.
It is especially hot today.
It is essential for you to practice every day.
It is essential that Tom be there with them.
It is essential that Tom take the medicine.
It is essential that any sample is as representative as possible of the population from which it is drawn.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
It is essential that patients ensure there are no leaks of insulin where the infusion set is connected to the syringe.
It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
It is essential that we find it.
It is essential that you continue to control yourself.
It is essential that you present yourself at the office.
It is essential that you should finish the work by this evening.
It is essential to challenge the notion of Western cultural superiority and embrace a more inclusive and respectful approach that appreciates the richness and diversity of global cultures.
It is essential to get a good night's sleep.
It is essential to have good command of English nowadays.
It is essential to keep calm in a time of crisis and avoid going haywire.
It is essential to prevent salmonella contamination in hen egg production.
It is essential to reserve your seat in advance.
It is essential, if man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected by the rule of law.
It is essentially a question of time.
It is estimated that 1.5 billion children worldwide are missing school.
It is estimated that 100 people are killed by rip currents annually.
It is estimated that 130,000 to 160,000 crusaders fought in the First Crusade.
It is estimated that Russia lost more men in the battle for Avdiivka than the Soviet Union did in Afghanistan.
It is estimated that a great number of his inventions remain unknown to date.
It is estimated that between 500,000 and as many as three million African-Americans observe the holiday, which culminates in a feast on January 1.
It is estimated that feral cats kill 1 million birds in Australia every day and have caused the extinction of 20 native species.
It is estimated that feral cats kill 1.4 billion native animals every year in Australia, which has one of the world’s worst mammal extinction rates.
It is estimated that his debts will amount to a considerable sum.
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain, with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad.
It is estimated that there are as many as 7,000 languages ​​in the world at the beginning of the twenty-first century, however most of them have not been documented in detail by the academic community.
It is estimated that there are over half a million words in English.
It is even becoming accepted even in exam-English that that called "simple future tense" does not exist.
It is everyone's duty to cherish cultural relics.
It is everyone's wish to succeed in life.
It is everyone’s wish to succeed in life.
It is evident from his behavior that he lies.
It is evident from what has been said, that before 500 A.D. literary chronology, even in the Sanskrit period, is almost entirely relative, priority or posteriority being determined by such criteria as development of style or thought, the mention of earlier authors by name, stray political references as to the Greeks or to some well-known dynasty, and allusions to astronomical facts which cannot have been known before a certain epoch.
It is evident that he did it.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
It is evident that the Earth is round.
It is evident that the man is wrong.
It is exactly half past seven.
It is exactly like I thought.
It is exactly the same thing, just absolutely different.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
It is exceedingly rare.
It is exciting to welcome Jane.
It is exemplary.
It is expected that he will succeed in the examination.
It is expected that the tsunami surge will be ten meters or less.
It is expected to be a fine day after some isolated fog and a passing shower.
It is expected to be rainy today.
It is expected to rain all night tonight.
It is expected to rain today.
It is expensive running this car.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
It is extraordinarily hot today.
It is extraordinary how credulous the peasants are about here!
It is extremely boring.
It is extremely cold in the church.
It is extremely difficult to build a computer.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
It is extremely important to exercise daily.
It is extremely important to stay on your medication.
It is extremely rare.
It is fact that he ran away from home.
It is fact that he wants to visit Egypt.
It is fair to say that both balls are of equal weight.
It is fairly safe to say that the family bound for Australia, or wherever it may be, has in its mind a vision of a nice house, or a flat, with maybe a bit of garden.
It is fairly warm for this period of time.
It is fall that I like best of all the seasons.
It is false that equality is a law of nature. Nature makes nothing equal, her sovereign law is subordination and dependence.
It is false to say that snow is blue.
It is fantastic.
It is far away from here.
It is far from a joke.
It is far from easy to understand it.
It is far from here to Tokyo.
It is fashionable to have leather chairs.
It is feared that radiation will spread across every region of Japan, starting with Tokyo.
It is feared that those citizens now present will run away.
It is feasible.
It is feeling cold today.
It is finally all over.
It is finally all over. Now we can relax.
It is fine today.
It is finished.
It is fitting for a servant to be blindfolded.
It is fitting for children to obey their fathers and their mothers.
It is five minutes to nine.
It is five o'clock in the morning.
It is five years since my father died.
It is five years since the book was made into a movie.
It is five years since they came to Japan.
It is five years since we moved here.
It is five years to a day since I came here.
It is foggy outside.
It is foggy.
It is folly to buy things you don't really feel the need for, since you'll end up neglecting them and eventually realise you wasted money.
It is folly to think the state we live in is so great that we shall suffer nothing serious.
It is food.
It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
It is foolish of me not to think of that.
It is foolish of you to believe such a thing.
It is foolish of you to build a castle in the air while forgetting to drive in pilings for its foundation.
It is foolish of you to say such a thing.
It is foolish that scientists tend to be pernickety.
It is foolish to equate money with happiness.
It is foolish to fall in love with someone who has no desires.
It is foolish to fear what you cannot avoid.
It is foolish to give up when have only failed once or twice.
It is foolish to read such a magazine.
It is foolish to remain in error.
It is foolish to take his word seriously.
It is for advancing!
It is for certain, he is the expert in this field.
It is for my family.
It is for sale in the market
It is for this reason that he left school.
It is for your safety.
It is forbidden for you to touch that switch.
It is forbidden to catch shellfish.
It is forbidden to cross the white line.
It is forbidden to eat in the meeting room.
It is forbidden to eat or drink in the library.
It is forbidden to fast immediately after Shavuot.
It is forbidden to go to the house.
It is forbidden to make the dogs pee.
It is forbidden to park here.
It is forbidden to read books in this bookshop.
It is forbidden to smoke on school premises.
It is forbidden to smoke.
It is forbidden to throw things out of the window.
It is foreseen that, due to the decline in grain production, China will quickly become a world leading grain importing country, overtaking Japan.
It is fortunate that the weather is so nice.
It is fortunate that we should have met such kind people.
It is fortunate that you have such parents.
It is fortunate that you should have such a good friend.
It is forty years since I began studying Japanese.
It is forty years since I began the study of Japanese.
It is founded on supposition.
It is four centimeters thick.
It is four centimetres thick.
It is four-thirty PM.
It is free and open source.
It is free for you.
It is free of charge.
It is free to download.
It is freezing cold.
It is freezing.
It is frequent.
It is frightening beyond description.
It is frightfully expensive.
It is from advertising that a newspaper earns most of its profits.
It is from its fruit that we recognize a tree.
It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls and ships of war.
It is from two to ten birrs a week.
It is from worries, not from years, that hair goes white.
It is full already.
It is fully possible that he knows that fact.
It is fun playing football after school.
It is fun to know that the beauty of Japanese gardens can't be found in other cultures.
It is fun to know that the beauty of Japanese gardens can’t be found in other cultures.
It is fun to play baseball.
It is fun to play cards.
It is fun to pop bubble wrap.
It is fun to speak in English.
It is fun to swim in the sea.
It is fun to translate sentences!
It is funny for him to say so.
It is funny that the mailman hasn't come yet.
It is funny that the mailman hasn’t come yet.
It is funny to watch Tom doing it.
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work.
It is generally assumed that fundamental constants such as c have the same value throughout spacetime, meaning that they do not depend on location and do not vary with time.
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in 67 A.D. during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
It is generally believed that a trip to the moon will be made possible during this century.
It is generally believed that he was innocent.
It is generally believed that money brings happiness.
It is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture.
It is generally seen flying in the daytime, when it delights to suck honey from the flowers of the Scotch thistle, a plant which much overruns the forest lands when first cleared.
It is generally thought that the earth's water came from collisions with comets.
It is getting ahead of me.
It is getting bigger.
It is getting cold.
It is getting colder and colder day by day.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening.
It is getting colder and colder morning and evening. The leaves of trees will soon turn red or yellow.
It is getting colder day by day.
It is getting colder every day.
It is getting cooler and cooler.
It is getting dark and they are tired.
It is getting dark outdoors.
It is getting dark outside.
It is getting dark.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
It is getting dark. Let’s go home.
It is getting darker and darker.
It is getting darker. It may rain soon.
It is getting hotter and hotter.
It is getting hotter day by day.
It is getting lighter outside.
It is getting more and more difficult to make a living.
It is getting on my nerves.
It is getting rather late. I think I must be going now.
It is getting very late.
It is getting warmer and warmer day by day.
It is getting warmer and warmer these days.
It is getting warmer and warmer.
It is getting warmer day by day.
It is getting warmer every day.
It is getting worse.
It is going to be a big financial issue for Algeria.
It is going to be better than before.
It is going to be cold tonight.
It is going to be difficult to do.
It is going to be quite cold.
It is going to be quite cool.
It is going to be rather cold.
It is going to be rather cool.
It is going to be such a pleasure to punch him square in the face.
It is going to be warm tomorrow.
It is going to get worse before it gets better.
It is going to rain all night.
It is going to rain soon.
It is going to rain this afternoon.
It is going to rain very soon.
It is going to rain.
It is going to snow today.
It is going to snow.
It is going to take a while.
It is gone now.
It is gone!
It is gone.
It is good and interesting having computer skills.
It is good enough for me.
It is good for nothing.
It is good for the health to get up early.
It is good for the health to rise early.
It is good for the health to take moderate exercise.
It is good for them to work during their vacation.
It is good for us to understand other cultures.
It is good for you to take exercise.
It is good for your health to take a walk every morning.
It is good that children are industrious.
It is good that it is peace time in Europe. I have seen videos of great damage that previous wars have wrought in that continent. What a mess!
It is good that those who have the knowledge pass it on to those who want to learn.
It is good that you can correct your sentences.
It is good that you do not have to study so hard.
It is good that you have bought a new bra.
It is good to be a winner.
It is good to be honest with our emotions.
It is good to be kind to old people.
It is good to be kind to others.
It is good to be yourself. Who else could you be?
It is good to die for freedom.
It is good to do your best.
It is good to drink this water.
It is good to feel that nothing can come between a man and wife.
It is good to get up early.
It is good to have a family.
It is good to have ideals... don't you think?
It is good to have ideals... don’t you think?
It is good to help someone.
It is good to keep studying all your life.
It is good to remember those who go to bed hungry.
It is good to see you.
It is good to write for yourself.
It is good wine.
It is grammatically correct, but semantically incorrect.
It is great fun skiing on new-fallen snow.
It is great fun to play with a puppy.
It is great improvement as compared with what it was last year.
It is great that you came.
It is greed that separates the brothers.
It is green.
It is gross to kick autistic children.
It is grotesque: every private company, even small private companies, think European nowadays, but not so the governments of their states.
It is half a year since he went to Tokyo.
It is half an hour's walk from here.
It is half past midnight.
It is happening again.
It is hard for Tom to run.
It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
It is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking.
It is hard for city and federal officials to take action because embassies have extraterritorial status under international law.
It is hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
It is hard for him to see without glasses.
It is hard for me to believe this.
It is hard for me to chew.
It is hard for me to keep early hours.
It is hard for me to put my thoughts into words.
It is hard for people to make their living these days.
It is hard for the couple to live together any longer.
It is hard frozen.
It is hard to adapt this story for children.
It is hard to be successful at both study and club activities.
It is hard to believe that actually happened.
It is hard to carry out this plan.
It is hard to combine business with pleasure.
It is hard to communicate with some people.
It is hard to convince Jack.
It is hard to convince John.
It is hard to cook for Tom because he is too picky.
It is hard to decide.
It is hard to define "triangle."
It is hard to determine the distance.
It is hard to discern between the true and the false.
It is hard to discern between true and false.
It is hard to distinguish truth from a lie.
It is hard to distinguish you from your brother.
It is hard to embody one's idea in an action.
It is hard to embody one’s idea in an action.
It is hard to find an honest person with food except in battle.
It is hard to get access to that place.
It is hard to get along on this small income.
It is hard to get clear-cut evidence of causality.
It is hard to get through the work in an hour.
It is hard to get to the heart of the thing.
It is hard to imagine a more efficient way of catching food.
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
It is hard to listen to this ancient challenge without edging a little closer to the campfire.
It is hard to live up to your convictions.
It is hard to love someone when you do not know whether he or she loves you as much as you love him or her.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
It is hard to maintain one’s reputation.
It is hard to make a sentence in a language that you know very little about.
It is hard to make up your mind.
It is hard to master it in a year or two.
It is hard to recognise your style when the character limit is 80.
It is hard to recognize you.
It is hard to say when my obsession with Tom began.
It is hard to say which car is nicer.
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.
It is hard to speak in public.
It is hard to study alone.
It is hard to tell the difference between a duck and a goose.
It is hard to translate a joke into another language.
It is hard to understand some people.
It is hard to understand.
It is hard to wake up without a strong cup of coffee.
It is hard to win four successive games.
It is hard work to keep my room in proper order.
It is hard, perhaps even impossible, to define normal sensory perception.
It is harder and harder to get along with Tom.
It is harder to crack a prejudice than an atom.
It is hardly conceivable to me that he will fail.
It is hardly possible for him not to make any mistake.
It is hardly raining.
It is hardly worth discussing.
It is he who broke the vase.
It is he who is to blame for the accident.
It is he who is to blame.
It is he who needs you, not me.
It is he.
It is healthier to climb the stairs.
It is healthy to engage in sports, they are beautiful and liberal, liberal in the sense that nothing serves quite as well to integrate social classes, etc., than street or public games.
It is heartbreaking for our family to accept the likelihood of spending a third Christmas without Mary.
It is heartless of him to say so.
It is helpful that the entire world is basically in the same situation.
It is helpful to not only look up the definition of words within a dictionary, but to look up synonyms of a word in a thesaurus to understand different connotations.
It is her destiny to marry an old man.
It is her eldest daughter that he loves most.
It is her photo.
It is her second operation already in one year.
It is her that I want to meet.
It is her that told me it.
It is here at long last.
It is here where I live.
It is hers, is it not?
It is hidden under the bed.
It is high time I was going.
It is high time Japan played an important role in the international community.
It is high time for you to realize that you hurt her.
It is high time for you to tell the truth.
It is high time that communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Specter of Communism with a manifesto of the party itself.
It is high time that you realized that you hurt her.
It is high time that you told the truth.
It is high time those weeds in the garden were removed.
It is high time we aired some of our gripes.
It is high time we reconstructed new family relationships and formed a comfortable life.
It is high time we said good-bye.
It is high time we thought more about the damage to the world's climate.
It is high time we thought more about the damage to the world’s climate.
It is high time we went to bed.
It is high time you realized that you hurt her.
It is high time you spilled the beans.
It is high time you started a new business.
It is high time you told the truth.
It is high time you went to bed.
It is high time you were in bed.
It is highly improper.
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result.
It is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable.
It is highly symbolic.
It is himself who has spoken first about this problem.
It is his ambition to go to the moon.
It is his character that makes each one his destiny.
It is his constant boast that he has a good memory for names.
It is his decision.
It is his defiant attitude that made the chief angry.
It is his destiny!
It is his destiny.
It is his favor to be alive now.
It is his first day of school.
It is his hobby.
It is his laziness that he must overcome.
It is his own fault.
It is his photo.
It is his stated aim to compete in the championship.
It is history which repeats itself.
It is honest of her to tell him the truth.
It is hoped that the war will end before long.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
It is horrendous that the phenomenon of child soldiers still exists.
It is horrible to see.
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
It is hot again.
It is hot all year round here.
It is hot in my region in the summer.
It is hot in the kitchen.
It is hot in this room.
It is hot on the airplane.
It is hot today!
It is hot today.
It is hot!
It is hot, but it isn't humid.
It is hot, no doubt, but then the heat is dry.
It is hot.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
It is how effectively you use the available time that counts.
It is how it is.
It is human nature to be bugged by such things.
It is human nature to think wisely and to act in an absurd fashion.
It is human to make mistakes.
It is humanity that has lost the man. Say that this idiot would have been more happy as an animal, if he had been able to keep quiet. But no... he invented civilization.
It is hypocritical to protest the consumption of dogs while being supportive of eating cow meat.
It is ice cold.
It is ideal for those who want to lead a healthy life.
It is identical.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
It is illegal for young people to drink.
It is illegal in the United States for law enforcement to use torture to get information.
It is illegal to build a homemade spacecraft and fly to the moon.
It is illegal to copy books without the author's permission.
It is illegal to copy from books without the author's permission.
It is illegal to copy from books without the author’s permission.
It is illegal to dig up, relocate, and/or remove fossils from Grand Canyon National Park. If you find a fossil, please leave it for others to discover and scientists to study.
It is illegal to drive in this direction.
It is illegal to have more than one wife.
It is illegal to park a car there.
It is illegal to sell cigarettes to a minor.
It is illegal to try to go to North Sentinel Island.
It is illegible.
It is immoral to be rich.
It is immoral to be wealthy.
It is immoral, unethical and unacceptable to incarcerate people for the purpose of generating profit.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday.
It is imperative that we find another way out of this situation.
It is imperative that we should encourage participatory forms of decision-making.
It is imperative that you be on time as usual.
It is imperative that you practise for 40 hours a day.
It is imperative to denounce and condemn the act of burning the Quran as an assault on religious freedom, peaceful coexistence, and human dignity.
It is imperative to protect endangered species.
It is imperative to send someone there urgently.
It is impolite to elbow one's way through the crowd.
It is impolite to elbow one’s way through the crowd.
It is impolite, or even gross, to smell food in Tanzania.
It is important for English learners to remember the distinction between 'fun' and 'funny'.
It is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies.
It is important for everything to be ready by Monday.
It is important for him to get the job.
It is important for justice in international relations that Ukraine recover Crimea.
It is important for me.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
It is important for them to do their best.
It is important for us to choose good friends.
It is important for us to learn to handle defeats as well as triumphs properly.
It is important for you to keep this secret.
It is important for you to learn a foreign language.
It is important for you to read many books.
It is important that a lawyer should leave no stone unturned even on minor points and harp on the same subject to achieve a break through in an impasse.
It is important that an ever-increasing number of people all over the world should learn to communicate with other nationals by means of the common international language.
It is important that he find out what they are doing.
It is important that no one is allowed to slack off on their assigned work.
It is important that she should leave at once.
It is important that the package be delivered before 4:30pm.
It is important that the package should be delivered before 4:30pm.
It is important that we build up our health.
It is important that we eat a balanced diet every day.
It is important that we make an effort.
It is important that we make plans in relation to anticipated changes.
It is important that we should do our duty.
It is important that you attach your photo to the application form.
It is important that you be exactly on time.
It is important that you free yourself of his influence.
It is important that you learn a foreign language.
It is important that you should be punctual.
It is important that you take the medicine regularly.
It is important to at least doubt what is thought to be common sense.
It is important to avoid having anyone absent from his assignment.
It is important to be accomplished in some art.
It is important to be polite.
It is important to be punctual for your class.
It is important to brush ones teeth every day.
It is important to combine theory with practice.
It is important to condemn racism, but that alone is not enough.
It is important to distinguish between assessing the quality of a trial and the quality of its report.
It is important to distinguish mockery from laughing.
It is important to drive carefully.
It is important to eat carbohydrates.
It is important to eat on time.
It is important to eliminate the social unrest.
It is important to emphasize that the consequences are not the same.
It is important to emphasize that the quality of our project depends on teamwork.
It is important to find true friends when you are young.
It is important to have a budget.
It is important to have a sense of your own.
It is important to have intellectual curiosity.
It is important to help each other.
It is important to immunize children against polio.
It is important to keep in mind that while AI is becoming more advanced, it is not new. It’s been around for decades. You use AI every day without realizing it — for example, when you receive online shopping recommendations or have your text messages autocorrected. Beyond improving mundane tasks, AI is already transforming our world for the better. It’s detecting cybersecurity threats to critical infrastructure; improving agricultural yield; and with advancements, potentially enhancing cancer detection and treatment.
It is important to know how to listen.
It is important to know how to pronounce things in Berber.
It is important to know the difference between mean and median.
It is important to know your own limitations.
It is important to learn German.
It is important to listen attentively.
It is important to love.
It is important to maintain backward compatibility with software that was written to run on the former system.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
It is important to make sure that any exchanges are to your advantage in the long term, so planning is vital.
It is important to note that his assertion is groundless.
It is important to note the difference between general and technical language.
It is important to overview the economic status of these groups before examining the proposed solutions.
It is important to pay special attention to your love life.
It is important to pressurise your gas boiler, as this allows more water to travel through the pipes in your home.
It is important to prevent your bishops from being blocked by pawns that are fixed in their positions.
It is important to promote our language in every possible way.
It is important to recite the Quran properly.
It is important to recognize that cultural superiority is a subjective notion, influenced by historical context, biases, and personal experiences, and should be approached with critical thinking and cultural sensitivity.
It is important to recognize the extent of one's ignorance.
It is important to recognize the limits of one's knowledge.
It is important to remember who your friends are.
It is important to separate Zionism from Judaism.
It is important to sometimes listen to others' points of view instead of being so insistent of your own.
It is important to strengthen the basis.
It is important to strengthen the foundation.
It is important to stress that the consequences are not the same.
It is important to think over what you will do, to pursue your studies economically, and effectively.
It is important to try to get along with people from foreign countries.
It is important to understand that each country has its own culture.
It is important whether we win the game or not.
It is important, in any age, to adore God and to respect one's parents.
It is important, in any age, to adore God and to respect one’s parents.
It is impossible for Yumi to finish it in a day.
It is impossible for a growing child to keep still for an hour.
It is impossible for children to read through the novel at a sitting.
It is impossible for him to become a doctor.
It is impossible for him to do it in a day.
It is impossible for him to do it.
It is impossible for him to finish it in an hour.
It is impossible for him to give up smoking.
It is impossible for me to answer the question.
It is impossible for me to cleanly crack an egg with both hands.
It is impossible for me to do so.
It is impossible for me to do the work in a week.
It is impossible for me to finish my term paper by tomorrow.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in a day.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
It is impossible for me to finish this work in a day.
It is impossible for me to forget you.
It is impossible for me to get there before noon.
It is impossible for me to help you.
It is impossible for me to solve the problem.
It is impossible for us to cross that river.
It is impossible for us to tell him the truth.
It is impossible for you to be too careful of your health.
It is impossible for you to do so.
It is impossible for you to jump two meters high.
It is impossible for you to succeed.
It is impossible that he is busy.
It is impossible that she should have killed herself.
It is impossible to account for tastes.
It is impossible to be always a hero, but you can always remain a man.
It is impossible to be fluent in the conlang Ithkuil.
It is impossible to burn a copy of Dante's Inferno because the ice of the ninth layer of hell will put out any fires kindled with earlier pages.
It is impossible to burn a copy of Dante’s Inferno because the ice of the ninth layer of hell will put out any fires kindled with earlier pages.
It is impossible to calculate the moral mischief, if I may so express it, that mental lying has produced in society.
It is impossible to care about more than one thing at a time.
It is impossible to catch up with the fast runner.
It is impossible to conceive of many without one.
It is impossible to depict that by means of words.
It is impossible to describe its flavour.
It is impossible to distinguish one from the other.
It is impossible to do it.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement â€” that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of education.
It is impossible to exaggerate the importance of the habit of early rising.
It is impossible to express it in words.
It is impossible to find such a fruit in any place.
It is impossible to finish the report in a week.
It is impossible to finish this in two days.
It is impossible to foresee everything.
It is impossible to get him to understand the new theory.
It is impossible to know what will happen in the future.
It is impossible to learn to speak this language correctly.
It is impossible to live without water and without oxygen.
It is impossible to live without water.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to make her understand the theory.
It is impossible to master English in a short time.
It is impossible to master English in a year or so.
It is impossible to obtain the services of a tradesman in January in Australia. They are all on holiday.
It is impossible to overemphasize its importance.
It is impossible to prevent this situation from occurring again.
It is impossible to put the plan into practice.
It is impossible to read her handwriting.
It is impossible to resolve the conflict.
It is impossible to say how first the idea entered my brain; but once conceived, it haunted me day and night.
It is impossible to see Rome in one day.
It is impossible to speak too severely of his conduct.
It is impossible to substitute machines for people themselves.
It is impossible to substitute machines for people.
It is impossible to tell if a politician truly believes what they're saying.
It is impossible to tell what a politician's true beliefs are.
It is impossible to tell what a politician's true convictions are.
It is impossible to tell what will happen in that country.
It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is impossible to turn someone gay or trans.
It is impossible to win without another one losing.
It is impossible, you know, to make him agree.
It is impossible.
It is improper to impose sanctions upon the union.
It is impudent of him to say so.
It is impudent of you to jest at him.
It is impudent of you to make fun of adults.
It is in Algiers that spent the formative years of his life.
It is in April that our school years start.
It is in Berlin.
It is in Israel that you will find inner peace.
It is in Tom's own interest.
It is in a kitchen.
It is in a rural area.
It is in corrupt politicians' best interest to have people believe that all politicians are corrupt.
It is in early spring that daffodils come into bloom.
It is in fact your fault.
It is in front of the monument.
It is in no way an easy job.
It is in order to hear your voice well.
It is in self-limitation that a master first shows himself.
It is in the box.
It is in the cards that he will succeed.
It is in the cuneiform records of Babylonia that we catch the first glimpse of the early history of Canaan.
It is in the kitchen.
It is in the nature of birds to fly and build nests.
It is in the nature of this language that it can be managed with a good deal of elasticity according to one or another of kindred grammatical systems, just as it is in the nature of any ethnic language that it can be used in regional, social, or individual variations.
It is in the pocket of my jacket.
It is in the restaurant where Dan eats lunch.
It is in the way.
It is in this room that our meeting will be held.
It is in this room that the summit will be held.
It is incomprehensible to us that a country with that level of technology would even think of making an automobile.
It is inconceivable that anyone could possibly believe this.
It is inconceivable that he could ever be elected president.
It is inconceivable that he could ever win.
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.
It is inconvenient to work in evening clothes.
It is incredible how much power the soul can give to the body.
It is incredibly rude and intrusive to ask a woman how old she is.
It is incumbent on us to support him.
It is incumbent on you to do so.
It is indeed in this city that I was born sixty years ago.
It is indeed rocket science.
It is indeed strange, but that's the way it is.
It is indeed time to 'drain the swamp' in Washington D.C.!
It is indeed, a fearful place. The torrent, swollen by the melting snow, plunges into a tremendous abyss, from which the spray rolls up like the smoke from a burning house.
It is indiscriminate revenge.
It is inefficient of you.
It is inevitable even if he is criticized.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don’t know when.
It is inevitable that I will go to France someday, I just don't know when.
It is inevitable that some changes will take place.
It is inevitable that that'll happen.
It is inexcusable to prey on people in a vulnerable time to make a quick buck.
It is inhumane.
It is interesting for me to read my old diary.
It is interesting how he learned Japanese cooking.
It is interesting how this conspiracy theory author abandons all attempts at verisimilitude.
It is interesting that no one noticed that mistake.
It is interesting to hear from someone in a different field.
It is interesting to look at the stars.
It is interesting to make friends with a foreigner.
It is interesting to play basketball.
It is interesting to play soccer.
It is interesting to watch stars.
It is invisible to the naked eye.
It is ironic that one of the most colonialist countries of all times accuses Buenos Aires of being colonialist!
It is irrelevant what my politics are.
It is irrelevant what you think.
It is irresponsible of you to break your promise.
It is jelly that he likes.
It is just a drop in the bucket.
It is just a matter of personal taste.
It is just a misunderstanding!
It is just a natural thing to have done as a human being.
It is just a picture.
It is just a prank!
It is just a way of earning some money.
It is just a way to earn some money.
It is just a year since I got married.
It is just an act.
It is just an annoying little habit that I have.
It is just because fear of punishment has no deterrent effect that crime continues in spite of all laws and courts, prisons and executions.
It is just five o'clock.
It is just five o’clock.
It is just half past seven.
It is just impossible.
It is just like her to think of others before thinking of herself.
It is just my opinion!
It is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 people in the village.
It is just nine by my watch.
It is just noon.
It is just our choice.
It is just out of the question for me to finish the work in a day.
It is just possible that in this last and latest time a newborn strong and growing sentiment will come to the rescue, will prompt us to seek out and preserve the last remnant, just as long-belated appreciation came at final stance to save for later generations the Great Sequoia Tree, when man's blind avarice had all but wiped it out.
It is just slightly larger than a typical fob.
It is just that we should pay his share.
It is just the beginning of millions of stories.
It is just the start of our journey, it will be so long.
It is just to remember god when one is prospering.
It is just unfathomable to even think about.
It is just your imagination.
It is justice, and not might, that wins in the end.
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
It is kind of good, but fit for nothing.
It is kind of her to help me.
It is kind of her to show me the way.
It is kind of him to invite me to dinner.
It is kind of pretty, isn't it?
It is kind of pretty.
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
It is kind of you to do so.
It is kind of you to give me a birthday present.
It is kind of you to give me a ride.
It is kind of you to help me.
It is kind of you to lend me the money.
It is kind of you to say so.
It is kind of you to talk about it for me.
It is known all over the world that, in Japan, students have to take difficult entrance examinations to enter universities.
It is known that Homo neanderthalensis had a bigger brain than Homo sapiens.
It is known that Siamese cats are extrovert.
It is known that an ocean stretches from the Strait of Gibraltar all the way to the land of Jerusalem.
It is known that music influences the psyche.
It is known that the Moon is not a big ball of cheese.
It is known that the water from the river is dirty.
It is language that distinguishes man from beasts.
It is large.
It is late already, turn off the computer and go home.
It is late spring in Algeria.
It is late.
It is late. I want to go to bed.
It is left here.
It is less cold today than it was yesterday.
It is less complicated to tell the truth than to lie.
It is less hot today than it was yesterday.
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
It is less the available structures and lexicon of a particular language that influence speakers' thought than the range they choose to call their own.
It is life that teaches us, not school.
It is like I forget where I was born.
It is like I have fever.
It is like a criminal to die by sentence of court, but like a general to die fighting with the enemy.
It is like casting pearls before swine.
It is like he has forgotten.
It is like he was blind.
It is like it is.
It is like letting a tiger run loose.
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
It is like looking for a needle in the sea.
It is like the air we breathe.
It is like the relationship between a boy and his dad.
It is like we have forgotten everything we said in the past.
It is likely that he did it on purpose.
It is likely that he has made such a careless mistake.
It is likely that he kept me waiting on purpose.
It is likely that he will pass the examination.
It is likely that it will rain.
It is likely that nobody can accurately estimate the depth and breadth of this ravine.
It is likely that the police confused the two individuals as they both had similar facial features.
It is likely that these two consonants are in complementary distribution.
It is likely there will always be demand for service work, jobs that often serve to emphasize the divide between the haves and the have-nots.
It is likely to be cold this winter.
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
It is likely to be fine.
It is likely to rain again.
It is likely to rain soon.
It is likely to rain this afternoon.
It is likely to rain today.
It is likely to rain tomorrow.
It is likely to rain.
It is likely.
It is literally impossible to be a communist billionaire.
It is little short of lunacy to try it.
It is located at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
It is located near the church.
It is lonely to live alone.
It is long way to the town.
It is lost in the mists of time.
It is lost.
It is love that rules the world.
It is lucky that the weather should be so nice.
It is made of steel.
It is made partly of wood.
It is made up of 25 percent fiber from a plant called harakeke and 75 percent recycled polylactic acid, which is plastic made from corn starch.
It is madness to allow this.
It is magical!
It is magnificent indeed.
It is man's destiny to suffer.
It is man's intelligence that makes him so often behave more stupidly than the beasts. ... Man is impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations.
It is man's lot to suffer.
It is man's natural sickness to believe that he possesses the Truth.
It is mandatory to put on the seatbelt.
It is man’s destiny to suffer.
It is man’s intelligence that makes him so often behave more stupidly than the beasts. ... Man is impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations.
It is man’s lot to suffer.
It is man’s natural sickness to believe that he possesses the Truth.
It is marvellous.
It is marvelous that he should have done such a thing.
It is marvelous.
It is me that is wrong.
It is me that painted this picture.
It is me who is paying.
It is me who sets the rules here.
It is me, who poisoned Tom.
It is mean of him to deceive an elderly lady.
It is mean of you to ridicule him in public.
It is mean of you to tell a lie about it.
It is merely a matter of form.
It is merely a matter of time.
It is merely an imitation pearl.
It is merely an ornament.
It is messed up!
It is mid-autumn now.
It is midday.
It is midday. The men are eating lunch.
It is mine.
It is misery.
It is money that many people worship most.
It is months since they have been building the bridge. They have not finished building it yet.
It is morally not correct.
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
It is more cruel to fear death than to die.
It is more difficult for engineers to learn Japanese than it is for Japanese people to learn English.
It is more difficult to defend oneself than to defend someone else. Those who doubt it may look at lawyers.
It is more elegant to use diacritics, rather than multiple letters, to represent a sound.
It is more ignominious to mistrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
It is more rewarding to give than to receive.
It is more than 3 kilometers to the station.
It is more than I can stand.
It is more than five years since I last saw him.
It is more than just obesity.
It is more than ten years since we came to live here.
It is more time-efficient to do several tasks sequentially than attempt to do them simultaneously.
It is more useful to know even unnecessary things than to know nothing at all.
It is morning.
It is morning. The children are eating breakfast.
It is most considerate of you, madam.
It is most important that you understand me.
It is most important to chew your food, whether vegetable or meat, before you swallow it.
It is most important to emphasize that none of these processes are conscious.
It is most likely happening.
It is much better to be healthy than wealthy.
It is much easier to identify and label the mistakes of others than to recognize our own.
It is much easier to rest on the bicycle by slowing than to dismount.
It is much harder to refute a lie than to tell one.
It is much more beautiful to know something about everything than to know everything about one thing.
It is much more delicious today than yesterday.
It is much safer to be feared than loved.
It is much to be wished that slavery may be abolished. The honour of the States, as well as justice and humanity, in my opinion, loudly call upon them to emancipate these unhappy people. To contend for our own liberty, and to deny that blessing to others, involves an inconsistency not to be excused.
It is much.
It is my 51st birthday today, on the 12th of January of 2017, and I am at the Richmond Public Market with my Apple iPad mini, as I use the free "guest" network. The atrium is decorated with red lanterns for the coming Chinese New Year. I have eaten from Captain Wa a dish of noodles with fried tofu, white glossy fish, and reddish fatty pork skins and meat. I have sipped a glass of cold Sour Green Apple Green Pearl Tea from Peanut's Bubble Tea. Later, I have a cold Mint Green Tea from QQ Bubble Tea and Coffee. Then from there again, I have a cold Winter Melon Tea. From Peanut's, I then have a cold Lychee Green Pearl Tea. I sit, as I wait for my doctor's appointment.
It is my bedroom.
It is my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine.
It is my belief that sincerity will be rewarded in the end.
It is my belief that the important thing is that we should do our best.
It is my belief, that communication is a human right.
It is my bike.
It is my burning ambition to make you prosperous.
It is my cat.
It is my cow.
It is my curse, I suppose.
It is my destiny to suffer.
It is my destiny.
It is my dog.
It is my dream to become a teacher.
It is my dream.
It is my enrollment this week.
It is my father's house.
It is my fault.
It is my favorite character.
It is my fear that in an understandable but foolish wish for the European Union to have its own defence capability, politicians are forging ahead with plans that are at best wishful thoughts, and at worst dangerous.
It is my firm intention to do this.
It is my first time with a prostitute.
It is my goal.
It is my guiding confession that I believe the greatest error in economics is in seeing the economy as a stable, immutable structure.
It is my hobby.
It is my honor to address this esteemed gathering today to reflect upon Algeria's remarkable progress in public policies and its steadfast commitment to advancing socio-economic development.
It is my house.
It is my intention to plunder and pilfer my weasely guts out.
It is my mouth.
It is my opinion that he'll have to apologize to the teacher.
It is my personal opinion.
It is my pleasure to wait for a beautiful lady.
It is my practice to get up at 6 a.m.
It is my sad duty to tell you that Tom has passed away.
It is my son's birthday.
It is my son.
It is my table.
It is my word against theirs.
It is narrated in the first person.
It is natural for a child to scream in anger.
It is natural that he should refuse that request.
It is natural that you should get angry.
It is natural to be proud of your child.
It is natural to love one's children.
It is naught but an old folk-tale, but it has truth hidden at its heart.
It is naught but an old folk-tale.
It is necessary for every person who stands for progress to criticise every tenet of old beliefs.
It is necessary for that car to have a check.
It is necessary for the shepherd to lead the sheep to the pasture.
It is necessary for you to do it.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother's advice.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother’s advice.
It is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
It is necessary for you to go there.
It is necessary for you to go.
It is necessary for you to help her.
It is necessary for you to see a doctor at once.
It is necessary for you to start at once.
It is necessary for you to start now.
It is necessary for you to stop smoking.
It is necessary for you to study harder.
It is necessary for you to think about your life.
It is necessary for you to work hard.
It is necessary that I see a doctor.
It is necessary that Nancy attend the meeting.
It is necessary that every member observe these rules.
It is necessary that everybody obey the law.
It is necessary that everybody observe these rules.
It is necessary that he follow my advice.
It is necessary that he prepare for the worst.
It is necessary that he see a doctor.
It is necessary that he should go to college.
It is necessary that he should prepare for the worst.
It is necessary that she see a doctor.
It is necessary that she should go herself.
It is necessary that the bill pass the Diet.
It is necessary that the halls be well cleaned.
It is necessary that they see a doctor.
It is necessary that we make a reservation in advance.
It is necessary that we provide for the future.
It is necessary that we see a doctor.
It is necessary that we should prepare for the worst.
It is necessary that we should study hard.
It is necessary that you attend the meeting.
It is necessary that you do it.
It is necessary that you eat.
It is necessary that you follow the advice of your mother.
It is necessary that you go there at once.
It is necessary that you go there immediately.
It is necessary that you see a doctor.
It is necessary that you start at once.
It is necessary that you take a good rest.
It is necessary to clean the chicken-house.
It is necessary to complete all pages of the application form.
It is necessary to direct attention to health.
It is necessary to do some exercise every day.
It is necessary to employ the appropriate legal lexicon, but at the same time, the law has to be able to be understood by everyone in the country.
It is necessary to evolve with time, like the seasons do.
It is necessary to examine all possible consequences.
It is necessary to fight AIDS with whatever weapons are at hand.
It is necessary to find a reasonable compromise.
It is necessary to go through customs at your arrival.
It is necessary to have a healthy disdain for wealth.
It is necessary to have a license to drive a car.
It is necessary to keep up with the times.
It is necessary to know our enemies if we want to defeat them.
It is necessary to learn English.
It is necessary to learn to obey in order to be able to command.
It is necessary to look more carefully into the demographic configuration of this region.
It is necessary to look towards the future: whoever doesn't look forward doesn't progress; and as you make your bed, so you must lie on it.
It is necessary to lose weight.
It is necessary to make the study of languages easier.
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
It is necessary to protect the national unity.
It is necessary to put something by against days of need.
It is necessary to reflect on the game and get to know typical pawn structures and plans.
It is necessary to rise upon the wings of enthusiasm. If you reason, you will never fly.
It is necessary to sail!
It is necessary to secure financing for local road maintenance.
It is necessary to stop him before he has time to go any further.
It is necessary to study Latin if you want to master Portuguese.
It is necessary to take some exercise every day.
It is necessary to use subheadings.
It is necessary to wait.
It is necessary, that the baby receive enough milk.
It is necessary.
It is needless to say health is above wealth.
It is needless to say that an experienced person will do better than someone without experience.
It is needless to say that you are to blame.
It is neither evil nor good which determines our behaviour. It is our preferences, or even the ability to choose what suits us best. I've never thought otherwise.
It is neither good nor bad.
It is neither more nor less than absurd.
It is never okay.
It is never too late to be what you could have been.
It is never too late to be who you might have been.
It is never too late to learn Esperanto.
It is never too late to learn.
It is never too late to mend.
It is never too late.
It is nevertheless a good sentence.
It is new to me.
It is new year, it is important for me to visit my sister.
It is new.
It is news that has been verified by an independent organization that is accountable for the information.
It is next to impossible for me to go with you.
It is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day.
It is next to impossible to carry it out.
It is next to impossible to go to school.
It is next to impossible to make him stop smoking.
It is next to impossible to see Rome in a day.
It is next to impossible.
It is nice and cool here.
It is nice and warm today.
It is nice for him to brag.
It is nice of you mentioning that.
It is nice of you to come and see me.
It is nice of you to hold a door open for a lady.
It is nice of you to remember Tom.
It is nice that you are back.
It is nice to be among family.
It is nice to be sitting here with my friends.
It is nice to have a lot of friends.
It is nice to hear someone say "I love you".
It is nice to see so many languages together.
It is nice to see so many languages together. You will hardly see it anywhere else outside Tatoeba.
It is nice to see you again.
It is nice to take a walk early in the morning.
It is nice to watch the Chinese New Year parade, while sitting on the balcony.
It is nice weather today, so stop playing games and go outside.
It is nicely written.
It is night when a man crawls along the sidewalk near a traffic light. "Have you lost something by chance?" a passerby asked him. "Yes, a button from a shirt." 
"Are you sure you've lost it right here?" "No, a little further back. But here there's more light to help me find it."
It is night.
It is night. The family is eating dinner.
It is nine past ten.
It is nine. I'm afraid I must be leaving now.
It is nine. I’m afraid I must be leaving now.
It is no accident that she won the first prize.
It is no business of yours what tie I wear.
It is no business of yours.
It is no coincidence that the meeting is being held in the United Arab Emirates.
It is no concern of our firm.
It is no easy task to write a letter.
It is no easy thing to do.
It is no exaggeration to call him a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that he is a first-rate writer.
It is no exaggeration to say that he is a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that she is an angel.
It is no exaggeration to say that such events are unprecedented in this country.
It is no exaggeration to say that we are living in dangerous times.
It is no exaggeration to say that your destiny relies on your attitude.
It is no exaggeration to say that, as far as he was concerned, his wife was life itself to him.
It is no good arguing with you.
It is no good talking about it.
It is no good to you.
It is no good waiting for him to come.
It is no inconvenience to drive you home.
It is no joke.
It is no laughing matter that he couldn't graduate from university this year.
It is no laughing matter that he couldn’t graduate from university this year.
It is no laughing matter.
It is no less than ten miles to the hospital.
It is no less than two hours' walk from here.
It is no less than two hours’ walk from here.
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon.
It is no longer customary.
It is no longer just a friendship.
It is no longer just the elderly and people with underlying medical conditions who end up in the hospital.
It is no longer locatable.
It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
It is no measure of health to be well-adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
It is no more than a mile to the sea.
It is no more than a mile to the station.
It is no more than half a mile to the sea.
It is no more than ten minutes' walk from here.
It is no more than ten minutes’ walk from here.
It is no more than two miles to the town.
It is no surprise that today, in a climate of relentless fearmongering about China, the country is experiencing an increase in anti-Asian hate crimes.
It is no time for sleeping or for being careless of ourselves.
It is no unusual thing for both parties to be overreached in a bargain, though the one must be always the greater loser; as was he who sold a blind horse, and received a bad note in payment.
It is no use arguing about it.
It is no use arguing with her.
It is no use arguing with him about it.
It is no use arguing with him.
It is no use arguing with such a foolish man.
It is no use asking a favor of that man.
It is no use asking for her help.
It is no use asking him again.
It is no use asking me for money.
It is no use being a writer if one is not in sympathy with the world in which one is living.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
It is no use complaining.
It is no use crying over spilt milk, as the proverb says.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
It is no use excusing yourself.
It is no use getting angry at him.
It is no use giving her advice.
It is no use going there.
It is no use going to school if you are not going to study.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
It is no use making an excuse for this.
It is no use making an excuse like that.
It is no use pretending you know nothing about it.
It is no use quarreling with fate.
It is no use quarreling with grown-ups.
It is no use reading such a book.
It is no use reasoning with a child.
It is no use studying when you are sleepy.
It is no use talking to him. He never listens.
It is no use talking with him.
It is no use talking with them any longer.
It is no use trying again.
It is no use trying to argue with him.
It is no use trying to convince him of that.
It is no use trying to deceive me.
It is no use trying to escape.
It is no use trying to persuade him.
It is no use trying to play a trick on me.
It is no use trying to separate the sheep from the goats while in a state of madness.
It is no use trying to solve the riddle.
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
It is no use trying to talk him out of his plan.
It is no use waiting here any more.
It is no use worrying about it.
It is no use your holding me back.
It is no use your pretending that you know nothing.
It is no use your resisting.
It is no use your trying to deny it.
It is no use your trying to persuade him.
It is no use your waiting for him.
It is no virtue to be better than the worst.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is so successful.
It is no wonder that a man of his ability is successful.
It is no wonder that he failed.
It is no wonder that he has failed.
It is no wonder that he has succeeded.
It is no wonder that he passed the examination.
It is no wonder that he should say such a thing.
It is no wonder that she didn't want to go.
It is no wonder that she didn’t want to go.
It is no wonder that she was given the prize.
It is no wonder that some people feel anxiety at the thought of walking into a hospital.
It is no wonder that the children love to visit the farm.
It is no wonder that you are turning down the proposal.
It is no wonder to me that Gendou has something to do with.
It is none of her business.
It is none of your business how much Tom earns.
It is none of your business.
It is none the less true.
It is nonetheless true.
It is normal and even desirable that the apprentice surpass the master.
It is normal for the length of a day on Earth to vary by about 1,000 microseconds (one millisecond) throughout the year.
It is normal for you to feel sad about the news.
It is normal practice to contact the company's home office in these kinds of cases.
It is normal practise to contact the company’s home office in these kinds of cases.
It is not I that need you, but it is the other way around.
It is not Ziri's fault.
It is not a competition.
It is not a dog.
It is not a fish.
It is not a game.
It is not a good idea to suppress your emotions.
It is not a good translation.
It is not a joke, you will have to pay the full price.
It is not a matter to laugh about.
It is not a number.
It is not a problem.
It is not a real mansion.
It is not a small kindness, which has come from very good inclinations.
It is not a smoking device.
It is not a waste of time.
It is not a watch.
It is not a “club” with which to browbeat others.
It is not about that.
It is not acceptable to our moral code.
It is not advisable to try and eat a crayon.
It is not all that uncommon at any rate.
It is not allowed to smoke in the room.
It is not allowed to stop in a tunnel.
It is not always best to predict the future.
It is not always cold in Hokkaido.
It is not always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
It is not always easy to face reality.
It is not always easy to hit the core.
It is not always easy to make a good joke.
It is not always easy to read between the lines.
It is not always easy to separate right from wrong.
It is not always that we are in good humour.
It is not an honor for a man to hit a woman.
It is not any different from what I expected.
It is not appropriate for us to hang about or gossip here while we are waiting for the master.
It is not appropriate for you to do this.
It is not appropriate to shout at your parents.
It is not as a child that I believe and confess Jesus Christ. My hosanna is born of a furnace of doubt.
It is not as easy as you think.
It is not as fast as it used to be.
It is not as good as it looks.
It is not as hot today as it was yesterday.
It is not as simple as it seems.
It is not bad.
It is not because I do not want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I would like to laugh at you.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
It is not because he had a faculty for business but because he was lucky that he succeeded in business.
It is not because she is beautiful that I like her.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
It is not certain if Mr Funada will join the new party.
It is not certain when he came here.
It is not certain when people came to North Africa.
It is not characteristic of you to say such a thing to her.
It is not clear for us.
It is not clear what the kidnapper's motive was for carrying out the abduction.
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say.
It is not clear when and where she was born.
It is not clear when the man was born.
It is not clear when the meeting will open again.
It is not clear whether Lander intended to alter Emmet's style from the beginning.
It is not clear whether Lander intended to alter Emmet’s style from the beginning.
It is not clear whether he is wise or not.
It is not clear who wrote this letter.
It is not clearly stated in their study if the patients overcame this syndrome during the therapy.
It is not cold at all.
It is not cold today.
It is not crime against God in Islam that a man has two or more wives.
It is not customary to forgive those who repeat the offense.
It is not death that I fear, but dying.
It is not decent to laugh at another's troubles.
It is not decent to laugh at another’s troubles.
It is not difficult to distinguish camels from dromedaries, for while the dromedary has only one hump, the camel has two.
It is not difficult to sell wares here.
It is not difficult to speak English.
It is not difficult to speak French.
It is not easy for him to learn English.
It is not easy to be an umpire today.
It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
It is not easy to bear.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
It is not easy to combine hobbies with profits.
It is not easy to commit dates to memory.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
It is not easy to find recognition.
It is not easy to find the way to the park.
It is not easy to find time that suits the both of us.
It is not easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It is not easy to get rid of bad habits.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
It is not easy to master English.
It is not easy to read.
It is not easy to skillfully carry out easy tasks.
It is not easy to solve the problem.
It is not easy to speak English well.
It is not easy to speak English.
It is not easy to speak French well.
It is not easy to speak naturally on the radio.
It is not easy to stop smoking permanently.
It is not easy to train dogs.
It is not easy to translate.
It is not easy to trick Tom.
It is not easy to understand why you want to leave.
It is not easy to write a letter.
It is not easy to write in Gronings.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
It is not easy to write with chalk.
It is not enough for me.
It is not enough to be very careful.
It is not enough to defeat our external enemies, it is also necessary to exterminate our internal enemies.
It is not enough to do good; one must also do it well.
It is not enough to have gratitude in your heart, you have to show it in action.
It is not enough to know how to move the pieces. You have to understand the game of chess.
It is not enough to read great books once only, however carefully.
It is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speed.
It is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speeds.
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country.
It is not enough to succeed. Others must fail.
It is not enough to want, you have to be able to.
It is not especially hot today.
It is not ethical for a doctor to reveal confidences.
It is not etiquette to do so.
It is not evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
It is not far away from the hotel.
It is not far from my house to the station.
It is not far from the hotel.
It is not far to Paris.
It is not fit that I should give myself pain, for I have never intentionally given pain even to another.
It is not fitting for a teacher to overly favor certain pupils over others.
It is not for beginners.
It is not for sale in the country
It is not for the vanquished to talk of war.
It is not for us to live in such a fine house.
It is not forbidden by law.
It is not forbidden.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker, that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
It is not fully understood why the whales beach themselves.
It is not funny at all.
It is not funny!
It is not given to everybody to study abroad.
It is not going to rain this evening.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
It is not good for her to live alone.
It is not good for the health to smoke too much.
It is not good for the teeth.
It is not good for you to break your promise.
It is not good for your health to shut yourself in all day.
It is not good manners to laugh at someone when he makes mistakes.
It is not good of you to take advantage of your colleagues.
It is not good that the man should be alone.
It is not good that you did not ask her name.
It is not good to add oil to the fire.
It is not good to borrow money from him.
It is not good to break a promise.
It is not good to eat between meals.
It is not good to laugh at others.
It is not good to ridicule him in public.
It is not good to smoke cigarette.
It is not good to spit on the ground.
It is not good to spread false rumours.
It is not good to talk too much.
It is not good to talk with your mouth full.
It is not good to tell a lie.
It is not good to think "If I was a little smarter I would be able to understand this." whenever you are confronted with something you can't work your head around.
It is not good what you are doing.
It is not good wishing.
It is not good, to say the least.
It is not hard to speak English, is it?
It is not her ability, but her character that is at issue.
It is not her looks that is important but her ability.
It is not him who people like.
It is not his business.
It is not his illness that ruined him so much as his idleness.
It is not hot in my region in the summer.
It is not humane.
It is not ideal, but we will make do.
It is not illegal to breathe on the moon.
It is not immoral to be rich.
It is not immoral to be wealthy.
It is not important to give life more years, but to give years more life.
It is not important what my name is.
It is not important whether we win the game or not.
It is not important.
It is not impossible just because no one has done it before.
It is not impossible.
It is not improbable that, like English poets of a later time, Layamon affected a certain archaism in language, as giving greater beauty and interest to his style.
It is not in his nature to be hard on other people.
It is not in my backyard.
It is not in the immediate vicinity, but not far away either.
It is not just South Africa that is experiencing a rising problem with multi-drug resistant strains of tuberculosis. Shah says more than 100 countries are now battling the disease.
It is not just the multibillionaire Elon Musk who warns that humanity is in danger for having all of its eggs in one basket that is the Earth.
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom.
It is not known if the planet, twice the size of Earth and eight times its mass, has water flowing on its surface.
It is not known when he came up to London.
It is not known when the Hinamatsuri first started, but the Nagashibina, in its most primitive form, was already being celebrated during the Heian period.
It is not known where it is.
It is not known whether he wants to stay or cross the sea.
It is not known whether there were any other passengers on the ferry.
It is not known who has the authority in this matter.
It is not legal for young people to drink.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
It is not like that. Become a supporter of Barack Obama.
It is not likely that he did it on purpose to deceive me.
It is not likely that he did it on purpose.
It is not lunch time, it is already hungry.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
It is not marketed in the country
It is not matter that generates thought, but thought that generates matter.
It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
It is not meet to take the children’s bread, and to cast it to dogs.
It is not men's faults that ruin them so much as the manner in which they conduct themselves after the faults have been committed.
It is not men’s faults that ruin them so much as the manner in which they conduct themselves after the faults have been committed.
It is not mine to foretell the future.
It is not mine.
It is not money but time that I want.
It is not moralism.
It is not more than ten minutes' walk from here.
It is not more than ten minutes’ walk from here.
It is not more than two miles to the village.
It is not music.
It is not my business.
It is not my day.
It is not my fault that she refuses to eat.
It is not my intent to hurt you in any way.
It is not my intention to return.
It is not my name.
It is not my part to meddle in your affairs.
It is not my purpose to investigate the impact of Emmet's theory on biology.
It is not my purpose to investigate the impact of Emmet’s theory on biology.
It is not necessarily so.
It is not necessarily true that what the teacher says is always correct.
It is not necessary for the determinist to maintain that he can foresee the whole particularity of the act which will be performed.
It is not necessary for the public to know whether I am joking or whether I am serious, just as it is not necessary for me to know it myself.
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.
It is not necessary for you to take his advice if you don't want to.
It is not necessary for you to take his advice if you don’t want to.
It is not necessary that she acts that way.
It is not necessary that we attend the reunion.
It is not necessary to be meticulous.
It is not necessary to bring a gift.
It is not necessary to say that she is an excellent pianist.
It is not necessary.
It is not nice for them to boast.
It is not nice to snitch, but Snow White's Prince Charming doesn't know what really happened in the tiny cottage.
It is not nice.
It is not of the essence of mathematics to be conversant with the ideas of number and quantity.
It is not only an environmental treasure, but an economic one as well, generating billions of dollars in revenue and sustaining tens of thousands of jobs, mostly in the Australian tourism industry.
It is not only eating that is hard for him, but drinking also poses a major challenge.
It is not only misery, corruption and Third Worldism that has led the Kabyles to want the independence of Kabylia, but it is the total difference with the other Algerians on all levels, political, mystical, linguistic, philosophical, legal, moral, cultural and civilizational. And this last one is irremediable!
It is not only the extremist settlers who want the complete annihilation of all the natives. Many moderate intellectuals in this racist and colonialist state want that as well, but, as is required by political hypocrisy, they do not declare it publicly.
It is not only the quantity of atoms, but the quantity of worlds that is infinite in the universe.
It is not only the stomach that cries famine, but also the soul, yearning for spiritual nourishment.
It is not our responsibility.
It is not ours.
It is not out of the question for me to finish the work by tomorrow.
It is not outside of the realm of possibility.
It is not over yet!
It is not polite to interrupt someone while he is talking.
It is not polite to point at others.
It is not possible for me to work under these conditions.
It is not possible for us to read one newspaper on one day and get a complete picture of world events. We must seek out multiple sources: newspapers, magazines, television and – yes – the internet.
It is not possible that you do not see me.
It is not possible to be free from every sort of disease.
It is not possible to be outdoors inside a house.
It is not possible to conceive without perceiving.
It is not possible to found a lasting power upon injustice, perjury, and treachery.
It is not possible to have everything in life.
It is not possible to live without air.
It is not possible to make a living.
It is not possible to not breathe and bathe at the same time.
It is not possible to record in this media.
It is not possible to speak loudly in libraries, it is even forbidden.
It is not possible to switch off the smoke alarm.
It is not possible to teach something to man - he can only learn by himself.
It is not possible!
It is not probable that he will get well.
It is not progress but regression.
It is not proper for them to brag.
It is not proper that you talk that way.
It is not proper to be late for a dinner party.
It is not raining now.
It is not raining.
It is not rare at all to live over ninety years.
It is not rare for girls today to talk as if they were boys.
It is not rare for him to make such a mistake.
It is not rare that she leaves her umbrella behind.
It is not really visible to the naked eye.
It is not reasonable to suppose that this rule is applicable under any condition.
It is not recommended to leave phone handsets out of the charger for long periods of time.
It is not right to criticize people behind their backs.
It is not right to keep a dog in a flat.
It is not right to put a man to death for punishment.
It is not right to steal.
It is not right to vex ourselves at things, for they care not about it.
It is not right to vex ourselves at things, for they care nought about it.
It is not safe anywhere.
It is not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
It is not safe to walk with the bags like that.
It is not safe, I hear, to play tricks with kings: just as lions sometimes come quietly to someone that rubs them, they are still lions when they choose, and then their playmate will lie dead.
It is not snowing.
It is not so cold today.
It is not so difficult as you think.
It is not so difficult to appreciate good music.
It is not so easy to write ballads descriptive of the bushland of Australia as on light consideration would appear.
It is not so hot today as yesterday.
It is not so much money as fame that he wanted.
It is not so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
It is not so simple.
It is not so.
It is not socially acceptable to point at people.
It is not sold in the country
It is not sold yet
It is not sufficient to describe the differences in attitude between these two ethnic groups.
It is not surprising that I was elected mayor.
It is not surprising that he resigned.
It is not surprising that he was elected mayor.
It is not surprising that you should be scolded by your teacher.
It is not tea but coffee that I want.
It is not that I am unwilling, but that I have no time.
It is not that I don't like the car, but that I can't afford to buy it.
It is not that I don’t like the car, but that I can’t afford to buy it.
It is not that Johnson's claim is groundless, but that it is misleading.
It is not that Johnson’s claim is groundless, but that it is misleading.
It is not that difficult.
It is not that hard.
It is not that he’s angry with you.
It is not that she has rejected our offer.
It is not that the story's ending is lacking, we are just asking for too much!
It is not that way my dear!
It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. ... The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.
It is not the best solution.
It is not the biologist with an inkling of mathematics, but the skilled and learned mathematician who must ultimately deal with such problems as are merely sketched and adumbrated here.
It is not the car but the users that I am concerned about.
It is not the case now, but wasn't I the nit-picky type?
It is not the case that both my sisters are married.
It is not the case that every piece of reading matter is worth reading.
It is not the clowns of pseudo-Arab-Muslim presidents who will criticize the great President Natanyahu! It would be the joke of the century!
It is not the correct solution.
It is not the first time French vineyards have faced severe frosts. But many say these are among the harshest in years.
It is not the goal but the way there that matters.
It is not the intention of the government to apportion blame or to abnegate responsibility.
It is not the least of life's ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
It is not the least of life’s ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
It is not the mouse that steals; it is the hole in the wall that steals.
It is not the optimal solution.
It is not the situation that makes the man, but the man who makes the situation.
It is not the strong who win, but the winner who is strong.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, not the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, not the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
It is not this job that will make you rich.
It is not those who bring back the water who waste it.
It is not those who draw the water who waste it.
It is not till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
It is not to be denied but that the news was a great shock to her.
It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him.
It is not to be wondered at.
It is not too much to say so.
It is not too much to say that a man's interests are a sure guide to the real man.
It is not too much to say that a man’s interests are a sure guide to the real man.
It is not too much to say that he is a genius.
It is not too much to say that health is above wealth.
It is not too much to say that she is one of the best tennis players in Japan.
It is not too much to say that this is the age of cars.
It is not too much to say that this is the atomic age.
It is not too much to say that time once lost can never be recovered.
It is not true that both of the parents tried hard in search of their daughter.
It is not uncommon for kayakers to be surprised by a pod of whales.
It is not uncommon for the government to subsidize agriculture.
It is not uncommon to encounter Western individuals who assume that the technological advancements and scientific progress of their countries make their culture superior to others.
It is not uncommon to encounter Westerners who assume that the historical achievements, scientific advancements, and technological progress of some Western countries define the pinnacle of human civilization.
It is not undeservedly that the Pyrenean guides have acquired the reputation they enjoy for intelligence and civility; and Charlet, of the Hôtel de France, is certainly a most favourable specimen: frugal in his habits, modest in his demeanour, and of great activity of body, he forms the beau ideal of a mountain cicerone.
It is not unnatural that you should feel anxious about your first flight.
It is not unreasonable to think that these people were excluded from the community.
It is not until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
It is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing.
It is not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
It is not until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It is not until you lose your health that you realize its value.
It is not used.
It is not usually Ziri's style to hook up at first dates.
It is not very polite, either.
It is not very spicy.
It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion.
It is not walls that protect men but men that protect walls.
It is not what I ordered.
It is not what a man has but what he is that is really important.
It is not what you read but how you read it that counts.
It is not what you read but how you read that matters.
It is not what you think it is.
It is not white hair that engenders wisdom.
It is not wise to go by his word.
It is not wise to put your money on a horse.
It is not wise, nor in the long run is it kind, to tax the thrifty for the thriftless.
It is not with your fingers that a fig is ripened.
It is not without risk to swim in this lake.
It is not worth postponing this any longer.
It is not worth repairing this camera.
It is not worth saying something.
It is not worth the effort.
It is not worth the trouble.
It is not worthwhile saving money.
It is not wrong to say that chess is a sport: it is recognized as such.
It is not yet clear who will play Karadzic.
It is not yet dry.
It is not yet known if he broke his leg. They will perform an x-ray.
It is not yet noon on a sunny, late-spring morning in Fort Worth, but it is already hot on the brick-paved streets of the historic Stockyards district.
It is not you but I that am to blame.
It is not you but he that is to blame.
It is not you but her that he wants to marry.
It is not, however, all Roman gods, cults, and myths that are discussed by Plutarch: he limits himself, on the whole, to those which are purely Roman, or rather purely Italian.
It is nothing but a joke.
It is nothing but the opening of a miramistin production plant in Bagrationovsk.
It is nothing for me.
It is nothing less than an insult to her.
It is nothing less than an invasion.
It is nothing more than an individual's opinion.
It is nothing that a little persistence and ingenuity can't overcome.
It is nothing to me.
It is now 4.15.
It is now Christmastide, when the days are short and dark, while six months ago the days were long and glorious in the warmth and brightness of summer.
It is now December.
It is now Saturday, the 12th of July of 2014. My Chinese neighbours Irene, Fred, and RJ have a garage sale, from which I buy 8 Chinese books, including the translation of George Orwell's 1984. It is really a prize, a treasure about an alternate history of three competing supernations—Oceania, Eurasia, and Eastasia—on Earth. All the books are in the most modern form of logograms, often called "Simplified Chinese" as contrasted with "Traditional Chinese." The family are ground floor tenants of Chinese-Indian Moli and Chinese Leong, both from Fiji. Their house with a big back balcony is next to and north of my home on Lulu Island.
It is now a fully accepted idea that all occupations should be open to women.
It is now about four thirty.
It is now all the rage in Hyrule to have dinner for breakfast, after the King's fashion.
It is now almost one o'clock.
It is now believed that Ceres formed 4.6 billion years ago when the solar system was forming.
It is now dinner time, and flight attendants begin to serve dinner.
It is now eight in the morning.
It is now half past one.
It is now in the best condition.
It is now legal in Washington, D.C. for people 21 and older to possess marijuana for recreational use. People are allowed to have a small amount of the drug, and to share it with others. But they can't smoke it in public, or buy it or sell it. Washington residents are allowed to grow up to six plants for their personal use in their homes — so to help marijuana users grow their own plants, a local pro-cannabis group recently held two marijuana seed exchanges.
It is now necessary to add another rule.
It is now possible for humans to go to the moon.
It is now safe to turn off your computer and read a book.
It is now that it becomes interesting.
It is now that we should work to reinspire confidence in our nation’s public health officials—not continue to vilify and breed distrust in them.
It is now the 11th of July of 2014. It is my first time to vicariously travel Greece via Google Maps. It is really more convenient than my physical travel of Greece back in 2002. Recently, also some cities in Peru and Colombia have become open for fascinating virtual excursions on Google Maps. I use my iPad mini's iMaps+ app.
It is now the 1st of November of 2014. I opine that Lulu Islanders just do not understand how important Halloween is. Halloween allows us to face the theme of death with humour and feasting. It celebrates the colours orange, black, and purple. Halloween springs from very ancient traditions, both Xtian and pagan. An encyclopedia could tell one about its mysterious beginnings.
It is now the 23rd of May of 2015. Today, I create a beautiful flag for my geofiction, my fictional country, which I call Nonongia. (My nickname is Nonong.) The flag is about the blue Interlingua sky, the green Esperanto field, and the purple Lojban celestial globe. This configuration is my personality today.
It is now the 26th of November of 2013. I am undecided if I am more like Arthur C. Clarke, Samuel R. Delany, Olaf Stapledon, Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet, or Larry Niven, but I prefer these scenarios depicted as futurology. Somewhere amongst them is the near truth.
It is now the 30th of July of 2014. Nowadays, I feel that Religion is much fantasy. I embrace Science, the perpetual self-correcting paradigm. I am still wading in the influences of Dharmic religions, Hinduism and Buddhism. And whilst I prefer a generic, postmodern form of Animism, I still cherish the notions in Shintō and Dao. But in fact, I am less religious these days, still just spiritual.
It is now the 31st of October of 2013, Halloween in the afternoon, as I write this phrase. It is a little drizzle outside. The sky is grey. The Lulu Island neighbourhood looks undecorated and unexcited. The evening passes and my family feasts on Halloween pizza and rice porridge. We have candies ready, but no kids come to our door. I hear some fireworks from outside, though.
It is now the 7th of July of 2014. I celebrate Tanabata, the Japanese Star Festival, by watching the stars at night, on the balcony. My iPad mini's astronomy apps really help peer through the clouds. The ancient legend is about the stars Vega and Altair.
It is now the day after Valentine's Day. It is the 15th of February of 2015. In Japan, on Valentine's Day, the girls give gifts like chocolates to the boys. A month later, on the 14th of March, on White Day, the boys return the love expression with gifts like white chocolates to the girls. The custom is different here in Canada, where there is only that one day on the 14th of February.
It is now the time when the nuts are ripe, so let us go to the hill together and for once eat our fill before the squirrel takes them all away.
It is now two hours before midnight, the start of Halloween Day.
It is now two weeks since the political crisis started.
It is number zero.
It is obvious that I am angry.
It is obvious that battery-driven rickshaws will consume electricity.
It is obvious that he is right.
It is obvious that his condition has not worsened.
It is obvious that is a lie.
It is obvious that she is prejudiced against me.
It is obvious that that is a lie.
It is obvious that the ship has sunk.
It is obvious that the ship sank.
It is obvious that we are not yet ready to raise a pet.
It is obvious that, because of the moon's changing position with respect to the earth and sun during the monthly cycle of phases (29.53 days) the gravitational attraction of moon and sun may variously act along a common line or at changing angles relative to each other.
It is obvious to me that he has no political acumen at all.
It is obvious why you have a stomach-ache.
It is odd that he is so late.
It is odd.
It is of great importance to me.
It is of great significance in this experiment to accelerate the particle M in the horizontal direction.
It is of great use.
It is of great value.
It is of little consequence to me.
It is of little value.
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming.
It is of no use to try to find him in the crowd.
It is of poor quality.
It is of the highest importance in the art of detection to be able to recognize, out of a number of facts, which are incidental and which vital.
It is of the utmost importance.
It is of your own accord.
It is officially summer beach season here in the United States.
It is often a good idea to take a bold path in adversity.
It is often assumed that this success means wealth, prestige or fame.
It is often best to avoid translating literally.
It is often debated is whether animal experimentation for the development of cosmetics or pharmaceuticals is justified. Many oppose such experimentation on the basis that it causes unnecessary suffering. I argue that it is harmful to animals, unneeded for humans, and morally wrong.
It is often difficult to see if a ball is in or out.
It is often easier to make plans than to carry them out.
It is often easier to make plans that it is to carry them out.
It is often easier to translate from any language into Russian than from Russian into any other language.
It is often hard to adapt when confronted with an imponderable event.
It is often necessary to depend upon others.
It is often not the costliest and most lifelike toy that wins the child's love.
It is often not the costliest and most lifelike toy that wins the child’s love.
It is often pointed out that a vague smile is typical of the Japanese.
It is often pointed out that smoking is a danger to health.
It is often possible, at slight expense, to obtain the clay already sieved and mixed from a pottery, and this is, of course, an advantage.
It is often said that Japanese universities are difficult to enter, but easy to graduate from.
It is often said that Osaka is a city of commerce.
It is often said that a good way to lose weight is to stop eating sweets.
It is often said that if you use certain "environmentally friendly" products, you will be "saving the earth". Unfortunately, such products are, in many cases, merely less destructive than their conventional equivalent.
It is often said that life is short.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
It is often said that summer in Japan is like hell.
It is often said that sweets are bad for your teeth.
It is often said that the Japanese are hard workers.
It is often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken.
It is often said that the world is becoming smaller and smaller.
It is often said that the world loses a language every week.
It is often the case that discovered attacks go unnoticed by beginning chess players.
It is often the case that people who brag about their intelligence are actually not very intelligent.
It is often the case that those who do not forget the past deliberately go out of their way to repeat it.
It is old wine in a new bottle.
It is on a tree branch that a bird builds its nest.
It is on his father that he depends.
It is on me.
It is on the left side of the street.
It is on the ninth floor.
It is on the tip of my tongue.
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
It is on your desk.
It is once believed that tomatoes were poisonous.
It is one of the beautiful compensations in this life that no one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
It is one of the biggest summer festivals.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
It is one of the most serious problems facing this country.
It is one o’clock.
It is one thing to acquire knowledge; it is quite another to apply it.
It is one thing to eat unhealthful food, while not caring about the effects. It is quite another thing to eat unhealthful food, however, because one thinks it’s nutritional.
It is one thing to know and another to teach.
It is one thing to know grammatical structures; it is quite another to use them in a natural way.
It is one thing to make a plan and quite another to carry it out.
It is one thing to own a library; It is quite another to use it wisely.
It is one thing to promise, and another to perform.
It is one thing to say you like children; it’s another thing to have six of them.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
It is only January and already Easter eggs and Hot Cross Buns are appearing in the shops.
It is only a few minutes away.
It is only a few months since that Frenchman came to Japan.
It is only a short walk from the station.
It is only a suspicion and no evidence was presented.
It is only by the exercise of reason that man can discover God.
It is only halfway zipped.
It is only in accepting others that we can tear down our own barriers.
It is only logical for the translator to become a part of the world of the author.
It is only natural that he be proud of his son.
It is only natural that he should do well at school.
It is only normal to want to be happy.
It is only now that I have seen her.
It is only now that I have seen it.
It is only recently that crude oil has come to be used to make chemical products.
It is only recently that people have begun to realize the importance of nature conservation.
It is only suspicion so far.
It is only ten yuan!
It is only the adept who has already overcome the first steps as an observer, and is familiar with many of the technical terms, who can profit by a brief and concise manual.
It is only the cat's fault.
It is only the chance for us to make that change.
It is only the poor who pay cash. That's not from virtue, but because they are refused credit.
It is only the poor who pay cash. That’s not from virtue, but because they are refused credit.
It is only through knowledge that we, as a nation, can cope with the dangers that threaten our society.
It is only through the presence of a stable, democratic, and fully representative government that issues such as violence, corruption, and civil and human rights abuses can be meaningfully addressed.
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
It is only too true.
It is only when resources are scarce that money can be used to control their distribution.
It is only when you have your own children that you realize the trouble of parenthood.
It is only with the English language that the Kabyles could be heard by all the peoples of the world. The French language is beautiful and useful but it is also a trap!
It is only you who want it.
It is orbiting around the Earth along a circular path.
It is otherwise correct.
It is our ardent hope that the war will end soon.
It is our capacity to mold ourselves.
It is our country.
It is our custom to take off our shoes when we enter the house.
It is our custom to visit Japan in October.
It is our destiny.
It is our duty to help one another.
It is our duty to help them.
It is our duty to keep our town clean.
It is our duty to leave to posterity what we know and what we will have gathered.
It is our duty to obey the law.
It is our interest to understand each others.
It is our job to make the impossible possible.
It is our job.
It is our national conviction that politics is a dirty and dishonest pursuit.
It is our obligation to help.
It is our policy not to give out personal information.
It is our rainy season.
It is our reaction to hunger that can make us overeat or eat the wrong things.
It is our secret.
It is our shared values that form the bedrock of a robust relationship across peoples and governments.
It is our turn to laugh.
It is ours.
It is out my mind.
It is out of fashion.
It is out of our hands, we cannot do anything.
It is out of the question for me to built a new house till my income becomes greater.
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.
It is out of the question to digest his theory.
It is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart.
It is out of the question.
It is outrageous that you should spend so much money.
It is outside my area of study.
It is over a century since slavery was made illegal.
It is over ten years since she last went back to her country.
It is over.
It is painful for me to see the name of the traitor among other names in the same sentence.
It is paramount that the container be thoroughly inspected.
It is paramount to all the others.
It is part of the nature of the ideal that it cannot be realised; its role is to rise above reality.
It is partly cloudy today.
It is partly cloudy.
It is past noon and this is the time for lunch. I went by the bakery just now and bought a nice snack.
It is perfect.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of her son.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son.
It is perhaps interesting to note in this connection that Fermat's Principle was found objectionable by a contemporary optics expert because it seemed to impute knowledge to the working of Nature.
It is physically impossible to be born a man or a woman. You can only be born a boy or a girl.
It is physically impossible to control the whole world.
It is physically impossible.
It is pig latin that he's talking.
It is pitch dark.
It is plain that he is wrong.
It is plain that you are to blame.
It is plain that you have done this before.
It is pleasant to get up early in the morning.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
It is pleasant to sleep under the tree.
It is pleasant to watch a loving old couple.
It is plural.
It is pointless to argue this topic with him.
It is pointless to chase after small gains.
It is pointless to waste my breath.
It is polite of her to write me back at once.
It is polite of him to write me back at once.
It is polite of this boy to greet me.
It is polite of you to write me back at once.
It is polite to open doors for people.
It is politicians, not doctors, who are leading the crusade against trans people.
It is possible for him to do the job.
It is possible for him to swim across the river.
It is possible for us to do addition very quickly.
It is possible for us to know what has been achieved in the past, but it is not possible for us to change it. And it is possible for us to change the future, but it is not possible for us to know what will be achieved in it.
It is possible for you to read this book in a few days.
It is possible that Ganymede contains more water in the form of ice than all of the liquid water in the oceans of planet Earth.
It is possible that I forgot my keys.
It is possible that I have forgotten my keys.
It is possible that aliens have already landed on earth.
It is possible that he came here when he was a child.
It is possible that he has had an accident.
It is possible that he is telling a lie.
It is possible that he may know the fact.
It is possible that he will come to our party.
It is possible that it rains tomorrow.
It is possible that patients may no longer be able to receive optimal care everywhere.
It is possible that this word will be considered standard in the future.
It is possible that we will not achieve our goals, but an attempt of some sort must be made.
It is possible that we will not be able to eat tuna in the future.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
It is possible that you'll win the competition.
It is possible that you’ll win the competition.
It is possible to access the Internet without a wire.
It is possible to be a pilot these days even if you wear glasses.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life.
It is possible to determine a rock's age thanks to radioactive elements.
It is possible to determine the age of these rocks through scientific studies.
It is possible to fence oneself out from the outer world with a newspaper.
It is possible to have all these and not be virtuous, it is possible also to be virtuous without them.
It is possible to launder language to make it more appealing and uplifting.
It is possible to live with only one kidney.
It is possible to lodge an appeal.
It is possible to play checkers with chess pieces. The opposite, however, is impossible.
It is possible to see the order of the elements in the Periodic Table, which shows the number of protons in each of them, with which you can calculate the number of atoms in the element using Avogadro's number.
It is possible to talk for a long time without saying anything.
It is possible to train the memory by drinking coffee.
It is possible to withstand the invasion of armies; one cannot withstand the invasion of ideas.
It is possible to write Braille by hand using a slate and a stylus.
It is possible, of course.
It is possible.
It is practically almost impossible for an Englishman to learn educated German colloquially, because all Germans want to practise their English on him, and besides he is generally thrown exclusively among English speakers in foreign schools and boarding-houses.
It is practically unthinkable that a scientist of his stature would have made such an elementary mistake.
It is precisely because I have your best interests at heart that I am saying this.
It is precisely because this action is contrary to our spirit, and to common sense, that business leaders, faith leaders, economists, and Americans of all political stripes called on the administration not to do what it did today.
It is predicted that the watch company will produce over one million new watches a year.
It is preferable for Algeria's economy to have a young workforce.
It is preferable that he gets there by tomorrow.
It is preferable that she do it alone.
It is preferable to shop on Thursdays when the fruit and vegetables are fresher.
It is prejudiced against me.
It is premature to discuss it now.
It is premature to put the plan into practice now.
It is preoccupation with possession, more than anything else, that prevents men from living freely and nobly.
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book.
It is pretty cold today.
It is pretty cold.
It is pretty warm today.
It is prime time to dispel all rumors about me.
It is probable that Jane will come.
It is probable that climate change will destroy us.
It is probable that he forgot about it.
It is probable that he is ill.
It is probable that he will fail.
It is probable that he will win the speech contest.
It is probable that her first album will sell well.
It is probable that she will come tomorrow.
It is probable that she will come.
It is probable that she will win the speech contest.
It is probably a machine translation.
It is probably very interesting. But I'm afraid I didn't understand.
It is prohibited to smoke on the whole site.
It is prohibited to use offensive words or expressions in the whole portal.
It is proper basmati rice.
It is proper for him to show off.
It is provided that the applicants must be woman.
It is psychologically difficult for her to say no.
It is pure chance.
It is pure coincidence.
It is pure gold.
It is purely guess work.
It is quality, not quantity that counts.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
It is quiet here at night.
It is quite a big number.
It is quite a common expression.
It is quite a grand view.
It is quite a hard thing to bring up a child.
It is quite a sorry sight.
It is quite a surprise to see you here.
It is quite an accomplishment.
It is quite an achievement!
It is quite apparent to me that knowledge should be sought for its own sake.
It is quite clear that they are going to make us regress.
It is quite common for him to say so.
It is quite common for women to go out to work.
It is quite common in North America for homes to have a one or two-car garage.
It is quite common now to meet with young people who do not know the Bible.
It is quite natural for her to be angry with you.
It is quite natural for her to get angry.
It is quite natural for young people to rebel against their parents.
It is quite natural that he should be angry.
It is quite natural that he think so.
It is quite natural that she should get angry with him.
It is quite natural the couple should love each other.
It is quite strange that she should say so.
It is raining again.
It is raining all the time.
It is raining and the wind is blowing.
It is raining and therefore I don't want to go out.
It is raining cats and dogs.
It is raining hard now.
It is raining hard outside.
It is raining hard.
It is raining heavily.
It is raining now.
It is raining pitchforks.
It is raining right now, but I want to go out.
It is raining so much.
It is raining today.
It is raining worse than ever.
It is raining, but I would like to get out.
It is raining, but I would like to go out.
It is raining, but he is hiking this morning.
It is raining, but he is jogging this morning.
It is raining, but he is playing football this morning.
It is raining, you see.
It is raining.
It is rainy.
It is rare for him to get angry.
It is rare in this sense.
It is rare that he should make such a mistake.
It is rare to find Kabyles who sell their land.
It is rare to find a Nepali translator.
It is rather cold again today, but tomorrow we expect the temperature to rise.
It is rather difficult for an old man to keep up with the times.
It is rather difficult to assemble a watch.
It is rather ridiculous that, in some countries, a person cannot even release their own work into the public domain.
It is rather sad to see people who can't even use their mother tongue correctly.
It is rather warm today.
It is ready.
It is really big!
It is really cheap.
It is really easy to become a member of the library.
It is really hard to pay one's way in a huge city like Tokyo.
It is really hard to pay one’s way in a huge city like Tokyo.
It is really hot.
It is really lovely to go up Mt. Hakodate and look at the night view of Hakodate city.
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday.
It is really nice of you.
It is really no great secret that the right move in each position is the sure path to victory.
It is really one of a kind.
It is really quite a good story.
It is really quite a moving juxtaposition to see these great traditions speaking to one another.
It is really time for us to go.
It is really wonderful.
It is reasonable to think that there exist other anomalies in this category.
It is recommended that they try it.
It is refreshing to take a shower after exercising.
It is regarded as a grey area.
It is regarded as a matter of time.
It is registered in my name.
It is regrettable that I can't go with you.
It is regrettable that I can’t go with you.
It is regrettable that few people should walk today because of the development of traffic facilities.
It is regrettable that he was not elected captain of the team.
It is regrettable that instead of uniting to condemn war crimes and human rights abuses committed by certain "civilized nations," there are those who resort to undermining and defaming those who strive to shed light on these grave injustices.
It is regrettable that she should have died so young.
It is regrettable that you did not start earlier.
It is regrettable that young Japanese today should show little interest in the traditional culture of their country.
It is related to the fact that ...
It is relatively easy to tell when you have reached the thermocline in a body of water because there is a sudden change in temperature.
It is remarkable for her not to understand.
It is remarkable how Tom continues to defy his age by being the best in his sport at 36.
It is remarkable that he said nothing at all.
It is remarkable that persons who speculate the most boldly often conform with the most perfect quietude to the external regulations of society. The thought suffices them, without investing itself in the flesh and blood of action.
It is reported in the local news.
It is required that you follow the advice of your mother.
It is required to come to class on time.
It is restful, isn't it?
It is restful, isn’t it?
It is ridiculous as well as foolish to think man superior to woman, or woman to man.
It is right that you should write it.
It is right to keep a dog in a flat.
It is right up his alley.
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.
It is rude not to tip a waiter.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
It is rude of you to say so.
It is rude to interrupt others.
It is rude to laugh at others.
It is rude to point at others.
It is rude to point at people.
It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
It is rude to speak with your mouth full.
It is rude to stare at someone.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
It is rumored that he gone bankrupt.
It is rumored that he has gone bankrupt.
It is rumored that he will shortly resign.
It is rumored that my son is in love.
It is rumored that secret peace talks have already begun.
It is rumored that the firm is going to tie up with an American company.
It is rumored that this house is inhabited by a demon.
It is rumored there are treasures hidden there.
It is rumoured as we go to press that Mr. John Hector McFarlane has actually been arrested on the charge of the murder of Mr. Jonas Oldacre.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
It is rumoured that the Prime Minister will resign next month.
It is rumoured there are treasures hidden there.
It is sad not to be loved, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
It is sad that he has been sick for such a long time.
It is sad that his ideas do not go with the time.
It is sad that often, to be a good patriot, one must be the enemy of the rest. Such is the human condition: to wish one's country to be grand is to wish one's neighbor misfortune. Whoever should wish that their homeland is never grand, small, rich, or poor, would be a citizen of the world.
It is sad that people with nothing are happier than you when you have everything.
It is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry.
It is sad that you did not come.
It is sad that you must leave.
It is sad to have to part with my mother's old furniture.
It is sad to have to part with my mother’s old furniture.
It is sad to stay at home.
It is safe to skate on this lake.
It is safe to wager that every public idea and every accepted convention is foolish because it has suited the majority.
It is safer to say that some men and some women are good at figures.
It is safer.
It is said Mocho was the first to discover the scale.
It is said fortune is blind.
It is said in the summer it's nice here.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
It is said that Ann is their leader.
It is said that Anne will get married in June.
It is said that Caligula made love to his own sister.
It is said that Didon had for dinner ten plump turkeys' backs.
It is said that Didon had for dinner ten plump turkeys’ backs.
It is said that Dutch are tolerant.
It is said that Friday the 13th is an unlucky day.
It is said that Homer was blind.
It is said that I resemble my father in appearance and my mother in character. For example, my nose and eyes are just like my father's. In terms of character, being meticulous in my work and generous to poor people are just like my mother.
It is said that Japan is the greatest economic power in the world.
It is said that Japan is the richest country in the world.
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don’t.
It is said that Japanese people don't celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
It is said that Japanese people don’t celebrate Christmas the way Americans do.
It is said that Japanese rural villages had changed a lot.
It is said that Kazu is the best soccer player in Japan.
It is said that Lycopene, a pigment found in tomatoes, makes your skin beautiful and helps you lose weight.
It is said that Michael Jackson accepted Islam.
It is said that Michael Jackson died as a Muslim.
It is said that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
It is said that Orpheus wrote the Argonautica.
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor.
It is said that President Abraham Lincoln’s clemency for a turkey was the origin for the pardoning ceremony that is now so well publicized.
It is said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
It is said that Tom fired Vladimir because he had an affair with his wife.
It is said that Tom has a cold.
It is said that Tom set his house on fire deliberately.
It is said that Vladimir has not yet decided by how many votes he is going to win the upcoming presidential election.
It is said that a new restaurant was constructed.
It is said that adolescent friendships do not often last.
It is said that around midnight is the time when the ghosts come out.
It is said that cats can change shape.
It is said that every week, a language goes extinct somewhere in the world.
It is said that games developed in Unity have terrible framerates on consoles.
It is said that global warming is directly related to carbon dioxide emissions.
It is said that golf is very popular in Japan.
It is said that he also invented concrete.
It is said that he has a lot of old coins.
It is said that he has passed the examination.
It is said that he is a billionaire.
It is said that he is a millionaire.
It is said that he is in Britain.
It is said that he is likely to fail.
It is said that he is sick.
It is said that he is still alive.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
It is said that he is wealthy.
It is said that he knows the secret.
It is said that he studied law when he was young.
It is said that he was resurrected.
It is said that he was very rich.
It is said that he will go abroad.
It is said that he worked very hard in his younger days.
It is said that he wrote this book.
It is said that her father was killed in a traffic accident.
It is said that her new novel is based on her own experiences.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
It is said that his father is in hospital now.
It is said that his mother is gravely ill.
It is said that his new novel is based on his own experiences.
It is said that man is different from other animals in that man uses language.
It is said that my sister is beautiful.
It is said that nobody has solved the problem yet.
It is said that nothing is more important than health.
It is said that people can live comfortably if the nation is ruled with virtue.
It is said that people who don't sleep confuse reality with dreams.
It is said that prices are going to rise again.
It is said that several victims of the tsunami think that the devastation they saw was the kind that made you cover your eyes.
It is said that she is a good cook.
It is said that she is a very good cook.
It is said that she is an expert in skiing.
It is said that she is ill in bed.
It is said that she is ill.
It is said that she is rich.
It is said that she is seriously ill.
It is said that she is the best tennis player in France.
It is said that she looked after the orphan.
It is said that she studied translation in Germany.
It is said that smoking is bad for your health.
It is said that some British people like a Japanese-style room.
It is said that the Japanese are very friendly to those that they know, and very indifferent to those they don't.
It is said that the Sentinelese are extremely fierce people.
It is said that the Vikings preceded Columbus in discovering America.
It is said that the book is a bestseller in Britain.
It is said that the castle dates back to the 11th century.
It is said that the disease has been spreading.
It is said that the dog is man's best friend.
It is said that the dog is man’s best friend.
It is said that the fox is more cunning than any other animal.
It is said that the ghost only presents itself to Native Americans.
It is said that the girl sold her body.
It is said that the limit that a chess player's ELO can reach is 3000. Until today, the maximum reached was 2882, by the current world champion Magnus Carlsen.
It is said that the man goes to his house.
It is said that the medicine isn't safe.
It is said that the offspring can no longer make ends meet on their income and then die completely depraved.
It is said that the old chapel is haunted.
It is said that the pen is mightier than the sword.
It is said that the poor are not always unhappy.
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now.
It is said that the secret of long life is to have something to live for.
It is said that the silversmiths of that town ate silver due to extreme poverty.
It is said that the taste of love is bitter.
It is said that the war will end soon.
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
It is said that the world is in a state of bankruptcy, that the world owes to the world more than the world can pay.
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic.
It is said that there is a treasure buried around here.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
It is said that there will be a big earthquake in the near future.
It is said that there will be a general election this fall.
It is said that there will be an election soon.
It is said that this hot water brings a balance between body and mind.
It is said that time changes everything.
It is said that time heals all the wounds.
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
It is said that truth always triumphs.
It is said that vultures can smell death.
It is said that whoever manages to cross under the rainbow will always be able to fulfill a wish in life!
It is said that women live longer than men.
It is said that...
It is said the house is haunted.
It is said the wheels of justice turn slowly.
It is said to be carcinogenic.
It is said we earthly monarchs are the image of God, so I looked at myself in the mirror. It's not very flattering for the good Lord.
It is saying too much.
It is second-hand.
It is seeing economic upturn outside of the Northwest that makes them want to leave.
It is seldom wise to try and walk after the party; the only object in moving would be to keep warm, for a chill must be avoided.
It is self-evident that she needs to work hard to achieve her goals.
It is self-evident that these collaborations are helping these young artists, but they are doing something much more. In an increasingly disassociated and global era, this new way of working has created a unique, local phenomenon that enriches the lives of San Francisco music lovers and creates for them and for the artists a true sense of community.
It is sensible of you to follow her advice.
It is serious between you, isn't it?
It is settled.
It is seven in London now.
It is seven now.
It is seven o'clock.
It is seven p.m. here.
It is severely cold this winter.
It is shameful for you that any (penalty) whatever should be lacking which any one might wish to exact from these men.
It is sharp.
It is short, concise, and straight to the point so that the viewer will be able to get their daily dose of news in less time.
It is sickness to be obsessed with winning, it is sickness to be obsessed with using the martial arts, and it is sickness to be obsessed with putting forth all one has learned. It is sickness to be obsessed with offense, and it is also sickness to be obsessed with defense. It is also sickness to be obsessed with getting rid of sickness. To fix the mind obsessively on anything is considered sickness.
It is silence that is valuable now.
It is silly of me to have made the same mistake twice.
It is silly of you to neglect your studies.
It is silly of you to trust them.
It is similar to some octopi that live in shallow water, but this one was found more than 4,000 meters below the surface.
It is similar.
It is simple as fuck.
It is simple to me to read that book.
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
It is simply this.
It is singular.
It is six years since I started to study English.
It is smaller than Tokyo.
It is snow from last year.
It is snowing in the mountains.
It is snowing now.
It is snowing today.
It is snowing, but he is hiking this morning.
It is snowing, but he is jogging this morning.
It is snowing, but he is playing football this morning.
It is snowing.
It is snowy and warm in the Siberian taiga in spring.
It is so beautiful.
It is so boring.
It is so dreadful that I don't want to think of it.
It is so dreadful that I don’t want to think of it.
It is so early that it would not be appropriate to come with you now.
It is so early.
It is so easy to be solemn; it is so hard to be frivolous.
It is so easy to recognize the trees that the beavers have taken.
It is so good that you are here.
It is so good to be able to speak a number of foreign languages.
It is so hard to talk in Spanish because everything you say has another meaning.
It is so humid in summer here.
It is so much fun!
It is so nice of you to give me a present.
It is so quiet one can hear the clock tick behind the wall.
It is so quiet that you can hear even the buzzing of a fly.
It is so quiet you can hear the clock tick behind the wall.
It is so useless.
It is so.
It is soft to the touch.
It is soft.
It is sold by the pound.
It is sold in the market
It is someone who can see only with her heart.
It is something I can't explain.
It is something I cannot do.
It is something a man cannot say at home.
It is something important for me and for you as well.
It is something like a ball.
It is something my mother made.
It is something people cannot see.
It is something the reason cannot accept.
It is something you cannot buy.
It is something you would not believe.
It is sometimes acceptable to resort to violence.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
It is sometimes confusing at first.
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.
It is sometimes difficult to tell twins apart.
It is sometimes hard to choose between dreams and reality.
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong.
It is sometimes preferable to not know what we're saying than to say what we don't know.
It is sometimes said that nobility have blue blood.
It is sometimes surprising that there are languages that do not distinguish between plants that are considered to be completely different.
It is sometimes very hard to put your idea across.
It is somewhat curious that the three persons whose names are the most universally recorded were of very obscure parentage.
It is sown in dishonour; it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness; it is raised in power.
It is spam.
It is spelled the same in both languages.
It is spring here in Algeria.
It is spring.
It is springtime.
It is starting to look pretty cool.
It is starting to rain.
It is starting to sink in that we can't ignore nature.
It is still a delicate and very fresh creation, requiring our full care.
It is still a little scary.
It is still a mystery who wrote the letter.
It is still a mystery why he suddenly left the town.
It is still a mystery why she killed herself.
It is still a woolly concept.
It is still as cold as ever.
It is still colder today.
It is still daylight.
It is still difficult for me to talk about abstract topics such as the economy or philosophy, because those are not very familiar words for me.
It is still fresh in my memory.
It is still immoral.
It is still in the testing stage.
It is still light outside.
It is still moving.
It is still night.
It is still not clear whether the two Russian planes over the Sea of Azov were shot down by friend or by foe.
It is still possible to make a profit when prices are falling.
It is still raining a lot today, and the soil is being broken up.
It is still raining.
It is still too early to draw conclusions.
It is still too early.
It is still unclear what caused the accident.
It is still unclear who is responsible for this atrocious bloodbath.
It is still undecided when we will begin.
It is still unknown how humans would contend with Mars' one-third the gravity of Earth, if humans would colonize Mars. What would be the effect on pregnancy and child development?
It is still unknown how humans would contend with the Moon's one-sixth the gravity of Earth, if humans would colonize the Moon. What would be the effect on pregnancy and child development?
It is still windy.
It is stipulated that we should receive a month's vacation every year.
It is stipulated that we should receive a month’s vacation every year.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
It is strange for him to be absent from school.
It is strange for him to be dismissed.
It is strange how vividly I remember the scene.
It is strange that a cameraman heading for a war-zone should not know about the danger of unexploded shells. The newspaper company is being negligent in its training.
It is strange that he has not come yet.
It is strange that he is not here. He always comes at this time.
It is strange that he knows nothing about the matter.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
It is strange that he should have done such a thing.
It is strange that he should have lost his way.
It is strange that he should have lost the game.
It is strange that he should have refused the offer.
It is strange that he should not have attended the meeting.
It is strange that he should not tell me anything about it.
It is strange that he should say no.
It is strange that he should say so.
It is strange that he should say such a thing.
It is strange that people in hot climate eat hot things like curry.
It is strange that she should do such a thing.
It is strange that she should go home so early.
It is strange that she should say such a thing.
It is strange that they should get so angry.
It is strange that you know nothing about her wedding.
It is strange that you should fail.
It is strange that you should know nothing about her wedding.
It is strange that you should know nothing about the matter.
It is strange that you should know that.
It is strange to see him.
It is strange.
It is strictly forbidden to lean out.
It is strictly forbidden to translate this sentence!
It is strictly prohibited for Negroes to visit those hospitals, libraries, theatres, cinemas, hotels, and restaurants, which are destined for the Whites.
It is strictly prohibited.
It is stupid of him to behave like that.
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
It is stupid of you to come here.
It is stupid of you to lend him your money.
It is stupid of you to make such a mistake.
It is stupid to think that all people with a certain mental disorder think the same.
It is subject to interpretation.
It is such a beautiful day that I'd like to go fishing in the river.
It is such a beautiful day that I’d like to go fishing in the river.
It is such a hard job for that reason.
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it.
It is such a pleasure to meet you, Ziri.
It is such an old song that everybody knows it.
It is such warm weather that the roses will bloom soon.
It is suggested that the meeting be preponed.
It is suggested that there will soon be an election.
It is summer.
It is sunny today.
It is sunny tomorrow.
It is sunny, but cold, during this autumn day.
It is sunny.
It is supposed to be easy.
It is supposed to be light.
It is supposed to rain today, isn't it?
It is supposed to rain today, isn’t it?
It is sure that she will leave tomorrow.
It is surely not the best food you've ever eaten. Eat up and you won't starve.
It is surprising how little she knows of the world.
It is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
It is surprising that Mr Sato should fail.
It is surprising that he should have said such things of me.
It is surprising that he should not know this.
It is surprising that she should say so.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in America.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in the United States.
It is surprising that you should know her name.
It is surprising that your wife should object.
It is suspicious.
It is sweet and honorable to die for the fatherland.
It is sweet and noble to die for one's country.
It is sweet and noble to die for one’s country.
It is sweet and right to die for your homeland.
It is sweet to dream, to love, to sing – to live!
It is sweeter to give than to receive.
It is taken for granted that students know how to express themselves.
It is tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
It is tea time.
It is technically possible.
It is ten degrees below zero now.
It is ten minutes before eleven.
It is ten minutes to eleven.
It is ten o'clock by my watch.
It is ten o'clock in the morning.
It is ten o'clock now. The post office should be open.
It is ten o'clock sharp.
It is ten o'clock.
It is ten o’clock by my watch.
It is ten to two.
It is ten years ago that I saw him last.
It is ten years since I came to Tokyo.
It is ten years since I came to live here.
It is ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
It is ten years since I left college.
It is ten years since I saw her last.
It is ten years since he came to Japan.
It is ten years since my father died.
It is ten years since my grandfather died.
It is terrible that we have to struggle with our own government in order to save the environment.
It is terrible weather today.
It is terrible.
It is terribly expensive.
It is terribly hot this morning.
It is terrifying to send your kids to school in a country that is rampant with guns.
It is that Emmet's theory is compatible with previous theories in physics that is of most significance.
It is that Emmet’s theory is compatible with previous theories in physics that is of most significance.
It is the 14th of October of 2012. It is about 04:20, morning. As I listen to native Paraguayan music on Radio Cultura from Buenos Aires, Argentina, I am reminded that for many Latin Americans and Western Europeans, the preference is the fantasy genre and less so of sci-fi. Reading sci-fi requires much science education, which only a minority everywhere in the world has. It is true that I cannot let go of sci-fi because it has become part of who I am throughout the ages. Sci-fi and fantasy are brothers, and both shelter in the umbrella called "speculative fiction." For me, the effect of being exposed to religious ideas is similar to exposure to fantasy genre literature or other media. Religion and fantasy have the same effect.
It is the 15th of February of 2015, on Lulu Island. I am more interested in cosmology now than in astronomy. Physical cosmology is the "study of the origin, evolution, large-scale structures and dynamics, and ultimate fate of the universe." The vast cosmic "watershed" in which Earth finds itself is called Laniakea, from Hawaiian for "immeasurable heaven." (Hawaiian 'lani' is cognate with Tagalog's 'langit'.)
It is the 15th of February of 2015, on Lulu Island. I still immerse myself in speculative fiction. I watch lots of new anime. I sometimes watch my old sci-fi video collection. Irreality helps explain reality. I do not now meet people with this interest as I easily did in high school and in university. Back then, friends with this interest were really common.
It is the 15th of February of 2015. On a more personal note, I am still able to make new friends, even that I know that I cannot keep them for long when they go away. Amongst others from the delivery gang of the pizzeria are two Russian-speaking friends, the Ukrainian Yaroslav and the Kazakh Adil. The ex-Soviet peoples are highly educated. I do miss talking to Bratislav, of Croatian ancestry, about ufology and starry philosophy. (Bratislav left the Lulu Island neighbourhood in May of 2014.) As long as people can still make friends is fine.
It is the 15th of March of 2015, at a pizzeria on Lulu Island. Adil the Kazakh and I discuss the multilingual and multicultural landscape of South Asia, centuries ago, when there were many kingdoms in the region. Farsi was an elitist language, he says. His Kazakh is a Turkic language in Central Asia. I dutifully and gleefully inform him about PIE, Proto-Indo-European, the ancestral language of many Caucasoids today. The origin in theory is Southern Russia near the Black Sea, more than 6000 years ago. PIE was the great-great-grandfather of languages like Spanish, English, German, Welsh, Hindi, Greek, and many others today. Adil and I discuss about some modern humans who have genes from other species, like the Neanderthals and Denisovans. Scientists know that the brain size of the Neanderthal was bigger than the modern human's.
It is the 19th of January of 2017. I like this year's number "2017." I gleefully have been watching the six Star Trek series in dubbed Spanish on the Netflix app of my Apple iPad mini. Via the Web, I sometimes listen to Radio El Fonógrafo from Mexico, and it soothes me. For years, I have been reading French books, but now I think my Spanish needs more attention. Spanish translations as sci-fi Titán by Ben Bova and historical drama Azteca by Gary Jennings really impress me. Spanish is like chocolate or sticky rice cake.
It is the 1st of June of 2013. I have reached an Intermediate Level in Lojban. I know many words in memory. I can write any prose or poetry that I wish with the help of a handy dictionary for the words that escape me. I know about 90% of the grammar. I guess that I should be satisfied. A nickname that I give Lojban is "zirbau," the Purple Language. Some people still believe in the Orange Dream of some Vling-like Oriental conlang. For me, it is still one foot in reality and one foot in fantasy. Lojban is not just fantasy because it is a realized dream.
It is the 1st of October of 2016. Like many Trekkers, I define wealth differently from other people. Star Trek defines what is being rich. Being rich for me is about living in the future, perhaps with a likeable occupation with Starfleet, as I could be an astrobiologist or exobiologist. There would be recreation time on the holodeck. Or there would be real vacation on the pleasure planet Risa. I could have any food or drink I would want, simply by ordering the food replicator. Being rich is something different for us Trekkers.
It is the 21st of January of 2017. I have been travelling vicariously via Street View on my iMaps+ app on my Apple iPad mini. I have seen much of this world. I like looking at Japan, Philippines, Sri Lanka, Finland, Sweden, Taiwan, Indonesia, Hawaii, Thailand, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Czech Republic, France, Greece, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Turkey, Romania, and much of Latin America. I like this virtual travel, as it is not so hectic and tiresome as real physical travel, of which I have done a lot years ago.
It is the 22nd of March of 2015. A good religious stance is being Dharmic, essentially Hindu-Buddhist. But I still like Animism, as in Dào and Shintō. Science is so essential. So, what my stance today is Syncretic. It means a mixture. I prefer to be an Easterner in the realm of religion.
It is the 22nd of March of 2015. As I enter the Lulu Island pizzeria, Adil the Kazakh is sitting at a table, there he quietly reading a Russian fiction novel. I buy a diet cola and sit with him. I try to pronounce the Russian title. He approves of my pronunciation. I say that Russian letters look wide and masculine. He mentions that he has read Haruki Murakami's Norwegian Wood in Russian translation from Japanese. I mention another famous writer, Yukio Mishima. Sasha the Ukrainian enters. We all start talking about the Sexual Revolution of the 1960s. People were more positive then than now, in the lingering AIDS era. People are more negative now. Then we start talking about all sorts of drugs. Sasha's girlfriend, 58, a Canadian, smokes marijuana frequently. Marijuana is prevalent today. I think that it affects the mind.
It is the 22nd of March of 2015. Jeffrey and Francis from Jehovah's Witnesses have visited my door. They remind me of the last supper and death of JC on Nisan 14 on the Hebrew lunar calendar. Nisan 14 is the Memorial of JC every year. They invite me to their ceremony. Last week, Leo, Arnan, and I discuss that rabbits and eggs are pagan. Xmas is pagan, too.
It is the 25th of March of 2015. Once again, war is on the mind of Lulu Islanders. What really is the current state of weapons technology? Are they great enough to damage the resilience of the biosphere? Or, do enemies want to use biological warfare, to spread a deadly virus of some sort? Common people think of fire when they think of war. However, a big war may not be of fire. Some still hold to the idea of raining hot missiles, a torrent of nuclear bombs. But biological weapons may not destroy valuable real estate. Yes, humans are still fighting primates. Racial intolerance is a sign that people still cannot live in peace. The real hope is that there is the probability of life beyond this Earth. Even if humans were to destroy themselves, there would be life elsewhere, outside of Earth. Such is the real hope.
It is the 26th of February of 2015. Imaginary Visualization is my term for the practice of the mind in which one imagines a vivid, otherworldly scenario. One does it when there is nothing good on TV, no good video to watch, no good magazine to browse, no good book to read, and so on. "Moss Plain" is my Imaginary Visualization in which I wander a vast plain, covered by multicoloured moss. The sky is grey. There is a musky smell.
It is the 27th of June of 2013. The Blue Dreams are plural. The Blue Dreams are many. Interlingua is not the only one. For decades now, there have existed other Latinate conlangs, different projects. And in the future, some hope for others. But it has been the Green Dream, Esperanto, that has succeeded for more than a century. Reforms attempted upon Esperanto have met with failure over the decades because genuine Esperanto has an artistic balance with which one cannot tamper. Esperanto remains enduring. Amongst the Blues, my vote is still Interlingua. More people should give it a chance. Esperanto's accents give a charm to the language that perhaps boosted its survival over the years. There are substitute systems.
It is the 27th of May of 2013. It seems that there are only three conlangs really worth talking about these days, and they are Lojban, Esperanto, and Interlingua. These three stand out in the conlang history. To be fancy, they are purple, green, and blue.
It is the 28th of June of 2013. Grey is generic Animism. Although most Westerners may not believe in it, Animism can explain many things about one's environment. There are good and bad spirits. Malicious people can be explained by malevolent spirits that have entered their body. That reason is why sometimes a friend or relative may suddenly act strange and obnoxious. Animism was the primordial religion of humankind. And there are still Animists around the world today.
It is the 28th of June of 2013. On the Web, I have encountered other Latinate conlangs besides Interlingua. But because Interlingua was created by a very professional committee, I opine that Interlingua is the best of the Blues. Many would agree with me if they had the chance to peruse other brands. Interlingua was developed between 1937 and 1951 by the International Auxiliary Language Association (IALA), so it already has a long history.
It is the 28th of June of 2013. Why am I different from everybody else? I think that the reason is that my soul is of a different kind from everyone else's. Perhaps, my soul is Martian from that red world long ago when there were still seas and rivers on it. It is something like that way. A little word play that I use in Esperanto is "marsano" which either means "Martian" or "sea health."
It is the 29th of May of 2013, on Lulu Island. My Hispanic neighbours from the corner think that people into the future will become less and less friendly to one another. Unfriendliness comes with modernization and urbanization. Friendliness is rural or rustic. They hint that, indeed, Lojban is the best choice for me.
It is the 29th of November of 2012. Bratislav's reality view is crowded. It is teeming with lifeforms in space and here. Probably, it is reflective of a lonely trait. My reality view since childhood is that since the microcosm, my local neighbourhood, is like a desert, where life and especially intelligent life are rare and precious, then the macrocosm, comprising the worlds "out there," is also desolate. My reality view has no microcosm-macrocosm dissonance. Bratislav's reality view requires review of epistemology, the study of the nature of knowledge. Who says it? From where does it come?
It is the 2nd of July of 2015. My friend Yaroslav is from the Ukraine, an ex-Soviet republic, and he grew up in the Soviet Era, when the ruble was money, but communism was the objective. He said that those good ol' childhood years were the best for him, and he feels nostalgic about them. Yaroslav has been a seaman engineer for some years. He has moved to Canada, and he studies English now, Russian being his first language and Ukrainian second. His original hair was near black, but is now whitening. He has blue eyes. He still looks like a big teenager. He is a pizza delivery man now at my local pizzeria, here at Lulu Island. We both discuss many deep, intellectual things at the pizza parlour, whilst he waits to go off for a delivery. He likes reading drama books, like Tolstoy. He likes drama movies, too. Unlike me, whose hobby is speculative fiction and astronomy, Yaroslav talks little of such things. My impression of Soviets were that they were all space-savvy. But he did mention once that within 1000 years, humanity will have to be really serious about space travel and out-of-Earth colonization, because our own Earth may fall into decay. I think that he tried to paraphrase Stephen Hawking the physicist. Yaroslav does not know Star Trek too well. I talked to him about teleportation, which scientists around the world are researching. They think that teleportation is not impossible.
It is the 2nd of March of 2015. One conlanging idea about which I recently ponder is Japanese written in a Hispanic manner, as if it were Spanish, similar in the way the Mexican Amerindian language Classical Nahuatl is written. As an example is "Caquigoori ga suqui da queredomo, ima hua tabemasen": "Although I like shave ice dessert, I am not eating now."
It is the 30th of May of 2013, here on Lulu Island. Travelling throughout Europe via satellite photography, I have come to realize its desolate beauty. Stony buildings and stony paths are everywhere there.
It is the 3rd of March of 2015. Is life like a movie? It is an interesting paradigm, which is still foreign to me, but is building inside of me, slowly.
It is the 4th of December of 2012. Today, Bratislav uses a long wooden stick to prod his dogs Chino and Rafa. He says that it is too cold to use the water spray bottle. He talks about the emerging Plasma Universe Paradigm. He says that space is not empty. I tell him what I read in Astronomy magazine about Jupiter-sized worlds, twice as many as stars, lonely worlds wandering unanchored to a sun, or primary star. Recently, I have been fantasizing of an elegant teahouse in orbit around such a giant world surrounded by sunless darkness. I call this quiet, eerie fantasy "La Teejo" in Esperanto, or undecidedly "la .tcat. .barj." in Lojban. Some men prefer a Bath and Sauna Dream.
It is the 4th of March of 2015. Countries like Japan and Thailand have Animistic traditions alongside Buddhism. Religions in these countries are a colourful affair with much variety in thought. First baptized as a Roman Catholic baby in the Philippines, I was baptized a second time in Tokyo some point in 1992 to 1994, by an unknown religious organization. It was a full body immersion in water. I consider myself now as a spiritual person, but not religious. Spirituality is different from religion.
It is the 4th of March of 2015. In religious discussions with other people and in readings, I have learnt different scenarios about the spirit-soul. Some say that the spirit is different from the soul. Some say that the body is the soul. Some say that there is neither soul nor spirit, but there is a fluid consciousness stream. Some say that there are multiple souls or spirits inside or outside the body.
It is the 4th of September of 2013. For Centralia, my main recommendation is Esperanto. I believe that it could strengthen people there. It has something to do with mouth movements, respiration, etc. Also, its simplicity is better. It is more Daoistic. Lojban in Centralia would be for top students only because it is like learning weird mathematics. Lojban words are like Japanese Kanji because they have different sounds when they combine. The root words have shorter forms in combinations.
It is the 4th of September of 2013. Some say that Esperanto is like Spanish or Italian. Actually, these latter languages are sweet like almond nougat or chocolate cake. Esperanto has a more subtle taste like tofu, radish, or steamed vegetables with oyster sauce. Esperanto suits the Centralian mind better than does Interlingua, Spanish, Italian, French, or Portuguese. It really is more suitable for an Eastern mind.
It is the 5th of June of 2013. Esperanto is like daikon, a large, elongated, white radish, although it was its creator Dr. L.L. Zamenhof who assigned the green colour to this language. Nowadays, I concentrate more on Lojban because it has a non-Eurocentric perspective, although at times its sound reminds me of Greek somewhat. It is like the baklava pastry, but purple. Interlingua is in the back of my mind always. It is like some kind of coffee, but bluish.
It is the 6th of July of 2013. According to Arika Okrent, the writer of In the Land of Invented Languages, Lojban has the most complete grammar of any conlang. Lojban's father was Loglan, which started development in 1955. Lojban began its development in 1987 by a professional staff. In 1997, it was "baselined" or frozen, lasting 5 years until 2002 when speakers became free to create new words and idioms and decide which way the language is heading. The Purple Dream is reality.
It is the 6th of September of 2013. I have reached the point of being an Esperantist to have confidence in speaking despite my scarce exposure to those others who speak Esperanto. I have more confidence in speaking Esperanto than I do with Japanese or Spanish or French. I can make poetic phrases in Lojban and Interlingua, but that way is as far as they go, which is not really conversation. I can converse well enough in Esperanto. But reading is pleasure enough. Not many people that I have met feel satisfied in just being able to read in an extra language, but I do feel satisfied hearing the words in my inner mind. With varying fluency, I can read over ten languages. (I do not really count them because some are like knowledge shades.) There are five skills in language: the listening, the speaking, the reading, the writing, and the making of music. Some polyglots are not good in all five for each language that they know. They treasure those skills of which they are capable.
It is the 7th of September of 2013. Today, I consider myself as a Lojbanist and an Esperantist. Lojban and Esperanto encapsulate my Eastern and Western attitudes. All of the natlangs, natural languages, that I know are nice to know, but it is really a privilege knowing the two conlangs, constructed languages.
It is the 8th of June of 2013. I am wishy-washy as to my conlang priorities. Do I want Esperanto and Lojban? Or, do I want Lojban first, then Esperanto? Do I need to add Interlingua next? I tend to think now that Lojban has first priority for me. Hidden away is still the Orange Dream, which, I think, would be something different from Vling and would be really super-duper. The Orange Dream would have a more quaint Romanization perhaps, with such things as 'qu' and 'ph'. The morphemes would be monosyllabic.
It is the 8th of June of 2013. There have been repeated attempts at reforming Esperanto throughout its history. It began with the Ido schism in 1907. But all attempts have failed because they steered away from the nearly perfect artistic balance of the original. The original really has balance. So, Esperanto lives on despite that there exist what reform-minded people would think are imperfections. Almost everyone prefers the genuine Esperanto.
It is the 9th of June of 2013. I opine that Esperanto will live on for a long, long time. It is a good language for talking to someone from abroad. I opine that Lojban is probably better in the written form. I prefer reading and writing it than speaking and listening. In any case, Lojban words are fun to enunciate. Both Lojban and Esperanto have prayerful sounds. I must reveal a secret about my current desire that if I were a monolingual, I would prefer to be a Lojbanic monolingual. That way is how I feel today. But in reality, I am really very multilingual. I know a rainbow of different languages now.
It is the Varig flight.
It is the art of getting insurance appointments when telemarketing.
It is the attitude of the subjects that controls the outcome of the experiment.
It is the audience which really determines both the matter and manner of every broadcast.
It is the beam of hope.
It is the beginning of the end of yours.
It is the beginning of the end.
It is the behavior of the control group that is important in this connection.
It is the best H.265 encoder and decoder.
It is the best fish and seafood restaurant in the city.
It is the best of my life.
It is the blood of Lady Eleanore de Canterville, who was murdered on that very spot by her own husband, Sir Simon de Canterville, in 1575.
It is the border-line cases that are always in danger: the dignified buildings of the past which may possess no real artistic or historic value, but which people have become sentimentally attached to and have grown to love.
It is the borderline cases that are always in danger: the dignified buildings of the past which may possess no real artistic or historic value, but which people have become sentimentally attached to and have grown to love.
It is the broken people, the outcasts, that give the world its flavor. Otherwise, the world would be nothing but a bunch of soulless jerkoffs.
It is the business of doctors cure disease.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous; and it is among the merits of science that it equips the future for its duties.
It is the business of the politician, the "science of politics", to make you believe that the law protects you and your interests, when it merely serves to keep up the system which robs, dupes, and enslaves you in body and mind.
It is the calm before the storm.
It is the car that we have wanted.
It is the case that those who live on a pension are forced to lead a hard life.
It is the case that when the years stack up, you come to see things.
It is the character that makes the difference.
It is the character that seals the destiny of everyone.
It is the correct approach to modern ski technique.
It is the country where lemons bloom.
It is the day of the traditional boys' festival.
It is the day of the traditional boys’ festival.
It is the deed that teaches, not the name we give it. Murder and capital punishment are not opposites that cancel one another, but similars that breed their kind.
It is the dictionary of the Kabyle academy. It's complete.
It is the dogged who wins.
It is the drop in the rice pricing (blamed on consumers' loss of interest in rice and the freeing up of the international market) that is the cause.
It is the drop in the rice pricing (blamed on consumers’ loss of interest in rice and the freeing up of the international market) that is the cause.
It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government.
It is the early star.
It is the educational system that needs to be reformed in this area.
It is the elitist theory of power that more accurately describes the political system of the United States.
It is the end of summer.
It is the end of the dream in Algeria?
It is the end of the school year.
It is the end that counts.
It is the fact that I want to know.
It is the factory my brother works in.
It is the factory, my brother works in.
It is the feathers that makes the bird beautiful.
It is the first all-electric, single rotor helicopter that gets its power from two lithium-ion battery packs.
It is the first lesson.
It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise.
It is the first step which is troublesome.
It is the first such deal the two countries have inked in more than 25 years and is seen as a breakthrough in addressing an issue that has cast a shadow on their otherwise close ties.
It is the first thing which I have accomplished today.
It is the first time I have seen such a gorgeous room.
It is the first time U.S., British and EU travelers are allowed to visit this sun-kissed nation and its white-washed islands without quarantine requirements since March 2020, when the global pandemic brought international travel to a grinding halt.
It is the first time that I have seen anything like that.
It is the first time the assisted breeding method has been used in Australia, and it follows a successful trial in the Philippines that rejuvenated reefs damaged by fishing.
It is the first time this crossed my mind.
It is the flight from Recife.
It is the flight to Recife.
It is the fruit of hard work and a well-prepared plan.
It is the general inventory of art works belonging to the City of Paris.
It is the glow of expectation.
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
It is the hen that makes the rooster crow.
It is the here and now that counts.
It is the highest mountain in the world.
It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with capitalism.
It is the hottest this summer.
It is the how that ennobles the what!
It is the in thing to do.
It is the inside that counts.
It is the instability of Nitric Acid therefore—its proneness to part with Oxygen—which renders it superior to the Sulphuric and to most acids in dissolving Silver and various other substances, both organic and inorganic.
It is the job of his own choosing.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
It is the king's duty to know the art of concealing lies.
It is the largest region in the country by area, but the smallest by population.
It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back.
It is the last straw that breaks the camel’s back.
It is the law.
It is the lexicographer’s office to make a complete register of the vocabulary of the language; and so, to make his work exhaustive, he frequently records many slang words in his dictionary.
It is the light of darkness that will dazzle us, we who look at blindness as white as a black lamb.
It is the light of hope.
It is the longest in the world.
It is the love that covers a multitude of sins.
It is the love that suffers long and is kind.
It is the man who frightened me in the street.
It is the man who tells, or who acts a lie, that is guilty, and not he who honestly and sincerely believes the lie.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it as fact.
It is the mark of the kind of man I mean that he makes his own chances.
It is the morning star.
It is the most artistic picture I have ever taken.
It is the mouth that gives occasion for shame, and the coat of mail and helmet give occasion to war.
It is the national week of the book.
It is the obligation of every worker to pay taxes.
It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
It is the one that I want.
It is the one you used to hear when you were a little child.
It is the only one there is in the shop.
It is the only way Ziri might make money.
It is the opposite that is a problem for us.
It is the painting he painted.
It is the particular environment that has shaped the Japanese mentality.
It is the patient who knows if he is in pain.
It is the photo of my new house.
It is the place where there is no person in question, and you shouldn't say abuse.
It is the place where there is no person in question, and you shouldn’t say abuse.
It is the preservation of the species, not of individuals, which appears to be the design of Deity throughout the whole of nature.
It is the price they pay for their years of over-eating.
It is the psychological moment to let the cat out of the bag.
It is the purest mercury.
It is the reason why I am late.
It is the river.
It is the role of a student to study.
It is the rooster who makes the call to prayer in Kabylia.
It is the rope which holds the cannon in place.
It is the same book as the one I have.
It is the same book that I had.
It is the same for me.
It is the same word in both languages.
It is the secret for improving oneself.
It is the snake that tempts Eve.
It is the sole possibility.
It is the sound you hear when everything is silent.
It is the spirit that builds the body.
It is the star of dawn.
It is the street.
It is the students' duty to clean their classrooms.
It is the students’ duty to clean their classrooms.
It is the sun.
It is the tallest tree that I ever saw.
It is the task of politics to create space for freedom. Realizing freedom is the business of each and every one.
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.
It is the thorn that you will have disdained that may sting you.
It is the time you should be at work, isn't it?
It is the toilet.
It is the truth!
It is the village where I was born.
It is the war of the alcoholics.
It is the wilderness in the mind, the desert wastes in the heart through which one wanders lost and a stranger. When one is a stranger to oneself then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
It is the woman you gave me.
It is the wrong place to criticize me.
It is their dream to walk on the moon.
It is their duty.
It is their husbands' faults if wives do fall.
It is their husbands’ faults if wives do fall.
It is their last movie.
It is their only choice.
It is their own responsibility.
It is their problem, not ours.
It is their right to vote.
It is then no longer justice.
It is then that the modern problems appeared, which at times appear impossible to solve.
It is there to the left.
It is there.
It is thirty meters in length.
It is thirty years since we married.
It is this book.
It is this single 337-hectare rectangle of woodlands and bridle trails, playgrounds and historic plazas, that provides an alluring stage for the pastimes of the 25 million people who visit the park each year.
It is this watch that my uncle gave me as a keepsake.
It is this window that he broke.
It is those who want to do important things that are free.
It is thought that Algeria still has lots of undiscovered oil resources.
It is thought that at this temperature there are no crystals.
It is thought that doing morning exercises is good for health.
It is thought that it was at this time that he engaged in incest with his sister.
It is thought that manual firearms appeared in the 14th century.
It is thought that the lower speed reduces heat generation.
It is thought the giant sea mammals took a wrong turn.
It is thought to have been much colder long ago.
It is thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
It is threatening to rain.
It is three kilometers from here to the bank.
It is three o'clock right now.
It is three years since he died.
It is three years since my father died.
It is three years since my sister got married.
It is through hard work that he succeeded, not through good luck.
It is thus that winter brings about in every country a freedom from malaria which is purely thermic, for it is due simply and entirely to a sinking of the temperature below the required minimum.
It is time I left here.
It is time I open my eyes and rely on myself.
It is time I was going.
It is time consuming to categorize your flash cards.
It is time for her to go home.
It is time for kids to go to sleep.
It is time for many nations to understand that a neutral language can become a real stronghold for their cultures against the monopolizing influences of just one or two languages, as it is now becoming more and more evident. I sincerely wish for more rapid progress in Esperanto at the service of all the nations of the world.
It is time for me to stop.
It is time for me to take a vacation.
It is time for plan B.
It is time for you to go to bed.
It is time he went to school.
It is time my son came home from school.
It is time not only to equalize men's and women's wages, but also to equalize responsibility for housework.
It is time not only to equalize men’s and women’s wages, but also to equalize responsibility for housework.
It is time that you got up.
It is time to check your answers to the questions.
It is time to empty the garbage.
It is time to feed the sheep.
It is time to get serious about moving to greener technology.
It is time to get serious with child prostitution.
It is time to get up.
It is time to give it to you.
It is time to go for an excursion.
It is time to go out.
It is time to go to bed.
It is time to go to school.
It is time to go.
It is time to help women.
It is time to morph!
It is time to reflect on your past.
It is time to return to the fold.
It is time to shut the gate.
It is time to start a new relationship.
It is time to stop watching television.
It is time to study Japanese.
It is time to take effective action to ward off disaster.
It is time to tell people the truth.
It is time to turn away from this path.
It is time we open our eyes.
It is time you get away from that path.
It is time you get down to work.
It is time you got married.
It is time you had a haircut!
It is time you left off your childish ways.
It is time you put a stop to this nonsense.
It is time you should get up.
It is time you told Tom the truth.
It is time you told her the truth.
It is time you went to bed, Jimmy.
It is time you went to bed.
It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
It is time you went to school.
It is tiny.
It is tiring.
It is to be expected.
It is to be regretted that comparatively little is known of the phenomenon of fatigue in the central nervous system.
It is to his advantage.
It is to the left.
It is to the red corpuscles, or erythrocytes which number about 5,000,000 to the cubic millimeter of blood, that the color of the blood is due.
It is to the right.
It is to your advantage to join us.
It is today that Ken gets married.
It is too cold for a picnic today.
It is too cruel, I should say.
It is too dark for me to read.
It is too dark to play outside.
It is too dark to read a book there.
It is too dark to see clearly.
It is too difficult a problem for me to solve.
It is too difficult to choose.
It is too difficult to conquer nature.
It is too early to depart.
It is too early to get up.
It is too early to go to bed.
It is too easy a task for him.
It is too expensive for me to buy.
It is too expensive for us.
It is too expensive.
It is too far to go on foot from here to the hotel. Better take a taxi.
It is too good of an opportunity to miss.
It is too good to be true.
It is too hot a day for work.
It is too hot for me to go out.
It is too hot to stay here.
It is too hot to work.
It is too hot.
It is too late for her.
It is too late for him.
It is too late for me.
It is too late for you.
It is too late to go out now.
It is too late to repent.
It is too late to watch a film.
It is too late.
It is too long ago.
It is too much for me. I need to slow down.
It is too noisy around here; I can't concentrate.
It is too quiet.
It is too risky.
It is too small a hat for you.
It is too true, however disgraceful it may be to human nature, that nations in general will make war whenever they have a prospect of getting anything by it; nay, absolute monarchs will often make war when their nations are to get nothing by it, but for the purposes and objects merely personal, such as thirst for military glory, revenge for personal affronts, ambition, or private compacts to aggrandize or support their particular families or partisans. These and a variety of other motives, which affect only the mind of the sovereign, often lead him to engage in wars not sanctified by justice or the voice and interests of his people.
It is too warm for a fire today.
It is too warm for me.
It is tossed by the waves, but does not sink.
It is tradition that Rome was built by Romulus and Remus.
It is tradition to fly the flag at half mast to signify mourning.
It is traditional to wear black to a funeral.
It is translated into Russian.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn't a good swimmer.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn’t a good swimmer.
It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
It is true he is a learned man, but he lacks common sense.
It is true he is rich, but he is a miser.
It is true he is young, but he has much good sense.
It is true her eyes were shut, but she was heard to breathe softly, which satisfied those about her that she was not dead.
It is true in a sense.
It is true of American society that the male is the head of the household.
It is true of every case.
It is true of learning English that "practice makes perfect".
It is true she is a rare beauty.
It is true she is young, but she is wise.
It is true that Aristotle distinguishes the tyrant from the king by the fact that the former governs in his own interest, and the latter only for the good of his subjects; but it would follow from Aristotle's distinction that, from the very beginning of the world, there has not yet been a single king.
It is true that Daphnis is handsome, but he is not the only one that is comely. His cheeks are rosy, no doubt, but so are the flowers; he sings, but so do the birds. And yet after seeing the flowers and hearing the birds I no longer think of them as I think of him.
It is true that I am a strict teacher.
It is true that I was head over heels in love with her.
It is true that Mochida did his best, but he wasn't careful enough.
It is true that Mochida did his best, but he wasn’t careful enough.
It is true that Rosa had a glass of wine.
It is true that Tom is a strict father.
It is true that Tom tried to kill Mary last night.
It is true that behavior cannot be legislated, and legislation cannot make you love me, but legislation can restrain you from lynching me, and I think that is kind of important.
It is true that every day has its own evil, and its good too. But how difficult must life be, especially farther on when the evil of each day increases as far as worldly things go, if it is not strengthened and comforted by faith. And in Christ all worldly things may become better, and, as it were, sanctified. Theo, woe is me if I do not preach the Gospel; if I did not aim at that and possess faith and hope in Christ, it would be bad for me indeed, but no I have some courage.
It is true that he accepted this job.
It is true that he couldn't know the truth.
It is true that he couldn’t know the truth.
It is true that he did his best, but he was not careful enough.
It is true that he did it, whether by accident or by design.
It is true that he goes abroad every year.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
It is true that he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
It is true that he has a habit of inventing lies.
It is true that he is good at playing golf.
It is true that he is ill.
It is true that he is over seventy.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
It is true that he is young, but he is clever.
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
It is true that he is young, but he is wise.
It is true that he stole the pearl.
It is true that he went bankrupt.
It is true that he won first prize.
It is true that she accepted this job.
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
It is true that she teaches French at school.
It is true that she teaches French.
It is true that she'll get married next month.
It is true that she’ll get married next month.
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.
It is true that the earth is round.
It is true that the passage to which we have referred, and several other passages which we could point out, are admirable when considered merely as exhibitions of mental power. We at once recognise in them that consummate master of the whole art of intellectual gladiatorship, whose speeches, imperfectly as they have been transmitted to us, should be studied day and night by every man who wishes to learn the science of logical defence. We find in several parts of the History of James the Second fine specimens of that which we conceive to have been the great characteristic Demosthenes among the Greeks, and of Fox among the orators of England, reason penetrated, and, if we may venture on the expression, made red-hot by passion.
It is true that there are some people even so utterly without imagination that they cannot take a joke; such as that grave man of Scotland who was at last plainly told by a funny friend quite out of patience, “Why, you wouldn’t take a joke if it were fired at you out of a cannon!” “Sir,” replied the Scot, with sound reasoning and grave thought, “Sir, you are absurd. You cannot fire a joke out of a cannon!”
It is true that they talk a lot, but they say little.
It is true that we cannot be too careful choosing our friends.
It is true that we desire to live in a small town.
It is true that we have the art of missing opportunities.
It is true that yours is a good idea, but I am afraid it will be hard to put into practice.
It is true the boy is mischievous, but he is kind at heart.
It is true, it is not a joke.
It is true: she is a rare beauty.
It is true; she is a rare beauty.
It is truly a nice day today.
It is truly a pleasure to hear you speak with such politeness to a cat. I don't know why, but people tend to speak very informally to cats, despite them not authorizing us to use that familiarity.
It is truly an honor to be joined by so many well-wishers who have placed their faith in me to represent them in Congress.
It is truly difficult to know the truth, and still more difficult to speak it.
It is truly enjoyable to collect different seashells on the beach.
It is truly regrettable that he failed the examination.
It is truly regrettable.
It is truly said that time is anger's medicine.
It is truly said that time is anger’s medicine.
It is truly said that time is money.
It is twenty minutes past ten.
It is twenty years since they got married.
It is two miles from here to the park.
It is two o'clock in the morning.
It is two o'clock.
It is two o’clock in the morning.
It is two years since I came here.
It is two years since he left for Hawaii.
It is typical of him to say such a thing.
It is typical of him to talk that way.
It is unacceptable that most of the wealth of this great nation is concentrated in the hands of a very wealthy few, while so many others have to work two or even more jobs just to make ends meet. It is high time there was some change in this country.
It is unavoidable that the fighting will intensify.
It is unbearably cold this morning.
It is unbearably hot this summer.
It is unbelievable that he did something like that.
It is uncertain if the letter ever came or not.
It is uncertain whether he is coming or not.
It is uncertain whether he will agree or not.
It is unclear if any of the pirates were hurt or where they were from.
It is unclear in Patterson's experiment whether the output objects fully correspond to the designed models.
It is unclear in Patterson’s experiment whether the output objects fully correspond to the designed models.
It is unclear whether he will sign the legislation or veto it, risking a congressional vote to override a veto.
It is unclear whether this was in fact done.
It is uncomfortable to ask condemned people about their sentences just as it is awkward to ask wealthy people why they need so much money, why they use their wealth so poorly, and why they don't just get rid of it when they recognize that it is the cause of their unhappiness.
It is uncomfortable to be sitting on this chair.
It is unconstitutional.
It is under the chair.
It is understood that the next-of-kin is Mr. Henry Baskerville, if he be still alive, the son of Sir Charles Baskerville’s younger brother.
It is uneven.
It is unexpected what breaks out.
It is unfair that only women have to suffer the pain of childbirth.
It is unfair to ask someone to be like you.
It is unfair.
It is unfortunate that our mayor has brought fame and shame to Toronto.
It is unfortunate that she is so shy.
It is unfortunate that the efforts of the Algerian translator to enhance the website's content are met with persistent annoyance from some users.
It is unfortunate that the word "hell" is inside the English word "hello." Is it a good language?
It is unfortunate that you have already booked your ticket.
It is unfortunate that you've already booked your ticket.
It is unfortunate you didn't join us.
It is unfortunately true.
It is unheard of in my company.
It is unintelligible speech.
It is unknown whether smoking causes depression or whether the causal direction goes the other way.
It is unlike him to be late.
It is unlikely that Tom will attend the conference.
It is unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
It is unlikely that she succeeded.
It is unlikely that such a cool headed person got upset.
It is unlikely that this indictment will lead to his deportation.
It is unusual to see rock stars wearing a tie!
It is unwise to keep two snakes in one tank.
It is up there.
It is up to 95 percent effective in curing uncomplicated malaria infections but, because it is derived from a plant, artemisinin is frequently in short supply, and expensive.
It is up to each of us.
It is up to me to tell the sad news to her.
It is up to parents to teach their children manners.
It is up to the government to take action on violence.
It is up to us to be men.
It is up to us to help those people.
It is up to you how you take it.
It is up to you to apply for the job.
It is up to you to decide what to do.
It is up to you to decide whether or not.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
It is up to you to finish the task.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen.
It is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn’t happen.
It is up to you to support him.
It is up to you to write to Tom or not.
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
It is up to you whether we can succeed or not.
It is up to you whether we succeed or not.
It is up to you whether you pass the examination or not.
It is up to you.
It is upon awakening that we realize it was a dream.
It is urgent to eradicate poverty in Africa.
It is urgent to go to the bathroom.
It is used by a great many people.
It is used interchangeably.
It is used on public transport services within the Buenos Aires metropolitan area and was promoted by the Argentine Secretary of Transportation.
It is used under the condition with spatial gradient field of 72 T/m (value extrapolated) and less.
It is useful information.
It is useful to know how to speak French in Paris.
It is useless even if I discuss with you.
It is useless to despair.
It is useless to discuss the matter any further.
It is useless to go on strike now.
It is useless to patch such a big tear in a garment.
It is useless to reason with a bigot.
It is useless to talk to him.
It is useless to try to persuade him to agree.
It is useless to try to remember all the words in the dictionary.
It is usually at the coffee shop that I meet him.
It is usually hot in July.
It is usually the islander who sees the mainland most clearly.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
It is vain to argue with him.
It is vain to argue with them about the problem.
It is very bad!
It is very beautiful.
It is very boring to have nothing to do.
It is very brave of you to vote against the plan.
It is very careless of you to leave the door open.
It is very cold here all the year round.
It is very cold here.
It is very cold in Canada.
It is very cold outside. You'll catch a cold without a coat.
It is very cold outside. You’ll catch a cold without a coat.
It is very cold this morning.
It is very cold today, isn't it?
It is very cold today, isn’t it?
It is very cold today.
It is very convenient to have a convenience store next to one's house.
It is very convenient to live near a station.
It is very cosy here.
It is very courteous of you to call on me.
It is very cozy here.
It is very crowded.
It is very dangerous for children to play on the street.
It is very dangerous to cross this street.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
It is very dark.
It is very dear.
It is very different the way of thinking between the two religions.
It is very difficult for anybody to be objective about his own character.
It is very difficult for you to do this work.
It is very difficult to achieve the second condition without the first.
It is very difficult to balance hero-based shooters.
It is very difficult to draw the boundary between love and friendship.
It is very difficult to find happiness in us, and it is quite impossible to find it elsewhere.
It is very difficult to handle the bola, but the ancient Incas were very good at it.
It is very difficult to make him out.
It is very difficult to master French in just two or three years.
It is very difficult to persuade people to change their life style.
It is very difficult to speak English well.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language correctly.
It is very difficult to speak a foreign language without mistakes.
It is very difficult to talk about what happened.
It is very difficult to understand him.
It is very difficult to work with people who are not willing to do so.
It is very difficult, almost impossible, to get an apartment in Oslo.
It is very difficult, if not impossible, to translate jokes.
It is very discouraging.
It is very doubtful whether he is still alive.
It is very easy to ask questions the answers to which, we have the strongest reasons to believe, will never be known to any Human being.
It is very easy to translate today. The machine is capable of doing wonders.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
It is very expensive to live here.
It is very expensive to live there.
It is very expensive.
It is very far as far as I know.
It is very fast.
It is very fine today so I would rather go out than stay at home.
It is very fine today.
It is very good of you to say so.
It is very good that governments criminalize rebellion and revolt, but it is very bad that most of their measures tend to make such crimes appear virtuous.
It is very good to know English.
It is very hard to catch a black cat at night.
It is very hard to date this vase.
It is very hard to do translating for a living if you cannot touch-type.
It is very hard to get rid of cockroaches from our house.
It is very hard to kill somebody with a pool noodle!
It is very hard to live up to one's reputation.
It is very hard to live up to your reputation.
It is very hard to tell what country a person comes from.
It is very hard, and sometimes very dangerous, to be an astronaut.
It is very hot at night.
It is very hot here in summer.
It is very hot here in the summer.
It is very hot in here.
It is very hot in the kitchen.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
It is very hot in this room, isn't it?
It is very hot in this room, isn’t it?
It is very hot this morning!
It is very hot today.
It is very hot, I am sweating.
It is very hot.
It is very impolite of her to decline his invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of us to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline their invitation.
It is very important for a language to have original literature.
It is very important for lenders to determine just how likely the borrower is to repay the loan and the interest and do it on time, in full, as agreed.
It is very important for us to know each other.
It is very important for us to love a river.
It is very important that you wash your hands thoroughly after changing a baby's diaper.
It is very important to add sentences in minority languages to Tatoeba.
It is very important to address the problem.
It is very important to be careful not to forget them when you leave.
It is very important to consider the cultural background of the family.
It is very important to decide what to do about the slope of the roof.
It is very important to drink enough water.
It is very important to follow the rules.
It is very important to keep the law.
It is very important to keep your word.
It is very important to master English in short time.
It is very important to me.
It is very important to obey the traffic rules.
It is very important to recognise the symptoms at an early stage.
It is very important to respect the traffic rules.
It is very important to sign this contract today.
It is very important to stay young all time.
It is very important to strengthen the foundations.
It is very important to tell the necessary from the unnecessary.
It is very important to think for yourself and to study.
It is very imprudent to swim in the rapids.
It is very interesting to go to a museum.
It is very interesting to learn Esperanto.
It is very interesting to listen to him.
It is very kind of you to come and see me.
It is very kind of you to give me your seat.
It is very kind of you to help me.
It is very kind of you to invite me to dinner.
It is very kind of you to invite me to the party.
It is very kind of you to invite me.
It is very kind of you to say so.
It is very kind of you to send me such a nice present.
It is very kind of you to show me the way.
It is very kind of you.
It is very late.
It is very likely that he will pass today.
It is very likely that he will pass tomorrow.
It is very likely.
It is very natural for a human being that one always give himself precedence over the interests of others.
It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten's tail.
It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten’s tail.
It is very near.
It is very nice here.
It is very nice of you to help me with my homework.
It is very nice to see you again.
It is very painful to read about Gaza.
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship.
It is very pleasant to sail these waters.
It is very possible that you are correct.
It is very practical.
It is very rude of you to expect me to eat food that I do not want to.
It is very short.
It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple.
It is very simple.
It is very small.
It is very strange that no one can get to see the Princess. They all say she is very pretty, but what’s the use of that if she has to sit forever in the great copper castle with all the towers? Can I not manage to see her somehow?
It is very sweet.
It is very tedious work, but very easy.
It is very unpleasant to watch how my aunt's dementia keeps getting worse every month.
It is very useful to me.
It is very warm today!
It is very warm.
It is very wet.
It is very windy today.
It is virtually impossible to discuss the Thai Royal Family in English without offending native Thais: the special honorific forms of reference that exist in Thai simply have no counterparts in English.
It is visible to the naked eye.
It is visited by thousands of people annually.
It is visiting hour.
It is vital that the collective consciousness is on a vibration that radiates Love, Joy, Kindness, Peace and Light.
It is vital that you be present.
It is waiting in the park at 7 o'clock.
It is waiting in the park at 7 o’clock.
It is war's prize to take all vantages, and ten to one is no impeach of valour.
It is warm outside, the days are long, and the time has come to take your shorts and sunglasses out of your closet... there's no doubt then, summer is back!
It is warm there all the year round.
It is warm, not to say hot.
It is warm.
It is warmer over the mountains.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
It is way more effective to study foreign languages in a class than to do so by yourself.
It is way too hot inside.
It is wearing a hat.
It is wearing the hat.
It is weird the medicine bottle is already half full, given that it was just bought yesterday.
It is weird.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning.
It is well known that Jesus loved guns and hated the poor.
It is well known that Miss Manwaring is absolutely on the catch for a husband.
It is well known that Pierre and Marie Curie used this new-found radioactivity to identify the new elements polonium and radium.
It is well known that if a police officer interviews 10 witnesses about a crime, he will receive 10 different versions of events.
It is well known that the city has a high crime rate.
It is well known that the men of Esfahan are the best craftsmen of Iran.
It is well known that the weddings of ancient days were celebrated with a festive publicity rejected by the delicacy of modern times.
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state.
It is well that war is so terrible — lest we should grow too fond of it.
It is well to have a small reserve supply of food, such as chocolate or beef tablets, to tide one over a prolonged period between meals.
It is wet today, but it will be better tomorrow.
It is wet.
It is what I would do.
It is what everybody says.
It is what it is.
It is what made her to leave the country.
It is what made me not like her.
It is what pushed us to put it aside.
It is what the law ordains.
It is what they want.
It is what we think we know already that often prevents us from learning.
It is whispered that the Prime Minister is critically ill.
It is white and surmounted by six graceful domes; the courtyard is surrounded by arches supported on airy columns; there is a charming minaret, and surrounding the whole a circle of enormous cypress trees.
It is white as snow.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
It is widely believed that Einstein was awarded the Nobel prize in 1921 for his work on relativity. It was actually awarded for his seminal paper on the photoelectric effect.
It is widely recognised that individuals subjected to human trafficking need assistance and protection.
It is widely suspected that Tom's country is secretly developing nuclear weapons.
It is widely used in agriculture for plowing and moving non-self-propelled machines and implements.
It is windy and very rainy today.
It is windy in the autumn.
It is windy in the fall.
It is windy today, isn't it?
It is windy today, isn’t it?
It is windy today.
It is windy.
It is winter.
It is wisdom to accept the truth, virtue to live and defend it, and heroism to dedicate one's life to upholding it.
It is wise of you to ask me for advice.
It is wise to provide against a rainy day.
It is wise to save money for a rainy day.
It is wiser to make no reply to angry words.
It is with a benevolent eye that we wait for those we miss.
It is with a heavy heart that I take up my pen to write these the last words in which I shall ever record the singular gifts by which my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes was distinguished.
It is with deep regret that I announce this.
It is with great pleasure that we welcome you here.
It is with hopelessness that true optimism begins.
It is with narrow-souled people as with narrow necked bottles: the less they have in them, the more noise they make in pouring it out.
It is with pleasure that I found myself among you.
It is with pleasure that I strive to overcome difficulties.
It is with regret that I confirm that this was not the case.
It is within the bounds of possibility that she will succeed.
It is without doubt the better of the two.
It is without justification that money has been called one of the greatest inventions of man.
It is wonderful to think of Spring, when the new buds of the persimmon burst forth.
It is worse.
It is worth fighting for future generations.
It is worth it to check through the whole selection, rather than just taking the first best.
It is worth it to read the novel.
It is worth mentioning that he is a close friend of the president.
It is worth noting that Lander made the necessary modifications.
It is worth quoting one famous section of his essay.
It is worth the might to try it.
It is worth visiting that museum.
It is worth visiting the temple.
It is worth while to examine how such a mind argues, what it considers as clinching evidence, how it hopes to convince the alert intellectual of to-day.
It is worth your time to read this book.
It is worthless.
It is worthwhile considering what it is that makes people happy.
It is worthwhile learning Spanish.
It is worthwhile listening to his concert.
It is worthwhile reading classical works of literature.
It is worthwhile reading the novel.
It is worthwhile remembering the moral.
It is worthwhile to ask what sort of picture they found there.
It is worthwhile to have a try at it.
It is worthwhile to love Christ.
It is worthwhile to read the book.
It is worthwhile to read this book.
It is worthwhile to read this novel.
It is worthwhile visiting that museum.
It is worthwhile visiting the museum.
It is worthwhile.
It is written in Polish.
It is written in Russian.
It is written in easy English.
It is written in his face.
It is written in simple English.
It is wrong for a man to conceal things from his wife.
It is wrong of you to discriminate against people because of their race.
It is wrong to aim at fame only.
It is wrong to break a promise.
It is wrong to catch wild animals.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
It is wrong to divide language into "living" and "dead".
It is wrong to laugh without cause.
It is wrong to make fun of an old man.
It is wrong to put down his efforts to get better.
It is wrong to say that success corrupts people. Most people are corrupted by failure.
It is wrong to steal money.
It is wrong to steal.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
It is wrong to tell lies.
It is wrong to think that men are superior to women.
It is wrong to think that you are the only one who is right.
It is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not.
It is you that are responsible for the accident.
It is you that are to blame for it.
It is you that is to blame for it.
It is you who are to blame for the failure.
It is you who are to blame.
It is you who doesn't understand!
It is you who is in the wrong.
It is you who is to blame.
It is you who left it in the field.
It is you who needs me, and not the other way round.
It is young people who, since the coup, have been most vociferous in trying to take down the regime despite nighttime raids, unlawful arrests, and being chased down or beaten up in the streets.
It is young.
It is your business to take care of them.
It is your constant efforts that count most in the end.
It is your destiny.
It is your duty to obey your father.
It is your duty to study.
It is your duty to support your family.
It is your house.
It is your problem.
It is your responsibility to bring the class together.
It is your right.
It is your shadow in the deep sea.
It is yours to give!
It is zero.
It is, I think, an indisputable fact that Americans are, as Americans, the most self-conscious people in the world, and the most addicted to the belief that the other nations of the earth are in a conspiracy to undervalue them.
It is, after all, necessary that youth pass.
It is, as it were, a life and death problem.
It is, by far, the greatest test yet of whether he is up to the job.
It is, even now, a book loved by men and women alike.
It is, however, apposite to note that this process will continue in the year ahead.
It is, like the sting of a scorpion, a perpetual nettle destroying your peace, rendering life a burden.
It is, moreover, very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the universe.
It is, no doubt, an immense advantage to have done nothing, but one should not abuse it.
It is, not I, but you, who are to blame.
It is, once again, completely erroneous!
It is, then, only a seeming reversal of the principle of grammar's precedence over vocabulary that after the vocabulary of a planned auxiliary language has been determined all that remains to be said by way of grammar must be completely subordinated to the structural characteristics of the vocabulary.
It is, therefore, almost exclusively seen in hysterics, neurotics and other types of psychopaths, in the frankly insane, and in grave delinquents.
It is, therefore, probable that men in the stone age practised anthropophagy; we have, really, no cause to be surprised at this; since, in our own days, various savage tribes are addicted to cannibalism, under a considerable diversity of circumstances.
It is.
It isn't Christmas yet.
It isn't Christmas, is it?
It isn't Christmas.
It isn't Monday.
It isn't OK to smoke here.
It isn't October yet.
It isn't Sami's responsibility to look after the house anymore.
It isn't Tom I'm worried about.
It isn't Tom Mary has been protecting.
It isn't Tom that I'm worried about.
It isn't Tom that Mary has been protecting.
It isn't Tom who has to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who has to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom who needs a job. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who needs a job. It's me.
It isn't Tom who needs protection. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who needs to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who needs to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom who wants to do that. It's Mary.
It isn't Tom who wants to do that. It's me.
It isn't Tom you have to watch out for.
It isn't Tom's choice.
It isn't Tom's decision.
It isn't Tom's fault that happened.
It isn't Tom's fault that that happened.
It isn't Tom's fault that you got fired.
It isn't Tom's fault you were arrested.
It isn't Tom's fault, is it?
It isn't Tom's fault.
It isn't Tom's idea, it's mine.
It isn't Tom's place to tell me what to do.
It isn't Tom's problem.
It isn't Tom's problem. It's mine.
It isn't Tom's responsibility to do that.
It isn't Tom's style.
It isn't Tom's.
It isn't Tom.
It isn't a Thanksgiving dinner without turkey.
It isn't a bad deal.
It isn't a bad idea to let Tom do that.
It isn't a bad idea.
It isn't a bad plan.
It isn't a bad thing.
It isn't a battle anymore, it's a war.
It isn't a beauty contest.
It isn't a big dark secret.
It isn't a big deal.
It isn't a big deal. Don't worry about it.
It isn't a big thing.
It isn't a bit cold.
It isn't a bomb.
It isn't a bribe.
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
It isn't a cat. It's a dog.
It isn't a class.
It isn't a classroom.
It isn't a coincidence.
It isn't a competition.
It isn't a computer problem.
It isn't a conspiracy.
It isn't a convenient time to speak about that, is it?
It isn't a crime.
It isn't a crow. It's a raven.
It isn't a date.
It isn't a debatable issue.
It isn't a difficult concept.
It isn't a difficult problem.
It isn't a difficult question.
It isn't a disease.
It isn't a dog.
It isn't a dream at all.
It isn't a dream.
It isn't a failure.
It isn't a fake.
It isn't a fish.
It isn't a game.
It isn't a gift.
It isn't a gimmick.
It isn't a good car, but it's a car.
It isn't a good car, but it's still a car.
It isn't a good idea to ask a woman how old she is.
It isn't a good idea to date your neighbor.
It isn't a good idea to do that.
It isn't a good idea to go out after dark by yourself.
It isn't a good idea to let Tom do that.
It isn't a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
It isn't a good idea to reuse passwords.
It isn't a good idea.
It isn't a good situation.
It isn't a good time.
It isn't a good use of time.
It isn't a happy occasion.
It isn't a high priority.
It isn't a holiday.
It isn't a hospital.
It isn't a joke.
It isn't a loan.
It isn't a luxury.
It isn't a major problem.
It isn't a matter of price.
It isn't a matter to laugh about.
It isn't a mistake.
It isn't a money issue.
It isn't a new idea.
It isn't a new problem.
It isn't a perfect system.
It isn't a permanent solution.
It isn't a pipe dream.
It isn't a pleasant thing.
It isn't a prank.
It isn't a pretty picture.
It isn't a priority.
It isn't a problem anymore.
It isn't a problem as long as I come back into the room right after finishing smoking, is it?
It isn't a problem at all.
It isn't a problem to postpone the meeting.
It isn't a problem, Tom.
It isn't a problem, is it?
It isn't a problem.
It isn't a prophecy.
It isn't a pyramid scheme.
It isn't a question of if I should stay but how long.
It isn't a question of what I want. It's a question of what's best for everyone.
It isn't a question of willpower.
It isn't a quilt.
It isn't a real apartment.
It isn't a real choice.
It isn't a real mansion.
It isn't a rhetorical question.
It isn't a road, but a path.
It isn't a secret anymore.
It isn't a secret that Tom's opinion is different than yours.
It isn't a secret.
It isn't a serious error.
It isn't a serious mistake.
It isn't a serious request.
It isn't a simple answer.
It isn't a sin to love somebody.
It isn't a sin to love someone.
It isn't a skirt. It's a kilt.
It isn't a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
It isn't a suitable topic for discussion.
It isn't a surprise that English is the world's most spoken language.
It isn't a thing you'd likely forget.
It isn't a threat.
It isn't a toy.
It isn't a trick question.
It isn't a trick.
It isn't a true apartment.
It isn't a very good orchestra.
It isn't a vice.
It isn't a virus.
It isn't a volunteer position.
It isn't a watch.
It isn't a weapon.
It isn't abnormal to have spots at your age.
It isn't about cost reduction.
It isn't about money.
It isn't about that.
It isn't about the money, is it?
It isn't about the money.
It isn't about them.
It isn't about us.
It isn't accurate.
It isn't actually raining yet.
It isn't against the law.
It isn't all bad.
It isn't all it's cracked up to be.
It isn't all my fault, is it?
It isn't all that bad.
It isn't all that cold.
It isn't all that complicated.
It isn't all that difficult to do that.
It isn't all that expensive.
It isn't all that great.
It isn't all that hard to do that.
It isn't all that ridiculous.
It isn't all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
It isn't all that uncommon.
It isn't all your fault.
It isn't allowed.
It isn't always about the money, is it, Tom?
It isn't always about you.
It isn't always black and white.
It isn't always cold here.
It isn't always cold in Boston.
It isn't always easy to distinguish good from evil.
It isn't always easy to do that.
It isn't always easy to face reality.
It isn't always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
It isn't always easy to read between the lines.
It isn't always easy to stay healthy.
It isn't always easy to tell the difference between good and bad.
It isn't always easy to win.
It isn't always easy.
It isn't always hot in Boston.
It isn't always like that.
It isn't always like this.
It isn't always my fault.
It isn't always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It isn't always possible.
It isn't always simple to make a choice.
It isn't always so easy to do the right thing.
It isn't always so easy to tell right from wrong.
It isn't always so easy to tell the difference.
It isn't always summer.
It isn't an easy call.
It isn't an easy job.
It isn't an easy question.
It isn't an easy solution.
It isn't an easy sport.
It isn't an easy subject to talk about.
It isn't an easy subject to write about.
It isn't an easy task.
It isn't an easy way to live.
It isn't an either-or situation.
It isn't an emergency.
It isn't an error.
It isn't an evil idea, but it is a bad one.
It isn't an exact science.
It isn't an impossible obstacle to overcome.
It isn't an impossible request.
It isn't an insurmountable problem.
It isn't an integer.
It isn't an issue.
It isn't an uncommon injury.
It isn't an unfair proposal.
It isn't an unintended consequence.
It isn't an urgent matter.
It isn't any deeper than that.
It isn't any different from what I expected.
It isn't anybody's fault.
It isn't anyone's fault.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It isn't anything serious.
It isn't anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It isn't appropriate for you to do this.
It isn't as bad as all that.
It isn't as bad as it looks.
It isn't as bad as it seems.
It isn't as bad as it sounds.
It isn't as bad as you think.
It isn't as big a problem as you think it is.
It isn't as big a problem as you think.
It isn't as cold here as I expected it to be.
It isn't as cold here as I expected.
It isn't as cold here as in Alaska.
It isn't as cold today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as complicated as it sounds.
It isn't as crazy as it sounds.
It isn't as crowded here as I expected it to be.
It isn't as dangerous as you might think.
It isn't as depressing anymore.
It isn't as difficult as it sounds.
It isn't as difficult as you think.
It isn't as difficult to do as it sounds.
It isn't as difficult to do that as you think.
It isn't as difficult to find a native speaker to help you with your language studies as it used to be.
It isn't as difficult to learn French as you think.
It isn't as easy as Tom thinks.
It isn't as easy as it looks.
It isn't as easy as it sounds.
It isn't as easy as many people think.
It isn't as easy as people think.
It isn't as easy as you think to do that.
It isn't as easy as you think.
It isn't as easy to break out of jail as it looks in the movies.
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.
It isn't as easy to obey as it is to command.
It isn't as far from the heart to the mouth as it is from the mouth to the hand.
It isn't as good as it looks.
It isn't as hard as it sounds.
It isn't as hard as you think.
It isn't as hot here as I expected it to be.
It isn't as hot here as I expected.
It isn't as hot in June as it is in July.
It isn't as hot today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as humid today as it was yesterday.
It isn't as if I'm learning by being corrected all the time.
It isn't as if a child learning to talk studies.
It isn't as if we were rich.
It isn't as simple as it seems.
It isn't as simple as that.
It isn't as simple as you think to do that.
It isn't as simple as you think.
It isn't as though the world is going to end if Tom leaves.
It isn't as warm today as it was yesterday.
It isn't at all clear.
It isn't at all difficult to do that.
It isn't at all easy.
It isn't at all impossible.
It isn't at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
It isn't at all surprising.
It isn't at all typical.
It isn't at all uncommon.
It isn't at all uncommon. In fact, it's very common.
It isn't attractive at all.
It isn't attractive.
It isn't authentic, Tom.
It isn't backwards.
It isn't bad here.
It isn't bad.
It isn't banal!
It isn't barcoded.
It isn't because I don't want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I'd like to laugh at you.
It isn't bedtime yet.
It isn't believable.
It isn't big enough.
It isn't big.
It isn't biodegradable.
It isn't black and white.
It isn't blood.
It isn't blood. It's tomato sauce.
It isn't brain surgery, you know.
It isn't brain surgery.
It isn't broken.
It isn't bugging me.
It isn't by distance that remoteness is measured.
It isn't censorship to judge people for their political beliefs; it's just normal.
It isn't certain whether Tom will come or not.
It isn't certain whether Tom will do that or not.
It isn't certain whether he will come or not.
It isn't cheap enough for me to buy.
It isn't cheap to eat here.
It isn't cheap.
It isn't cheating if you don't get caught.
It isn't clean.
It isn't clear how much money Tom would be willing to spend.
It isn't clear what I'm supposed to do.
It isn't clear what the writer is trying to say.
It isn't clear when Tom came here.
It isn't clear when and where Tom was born.
It isn't clear where we'll do that.
It isn't clear whether Tom is wise or not.
It isn't clear whether she would agree.
It isn't clear which of them wanted that.
It isn't clear who Tom was trying to impress.
It isn't clear who was behind the attack.
It isn't clear who wrote this letter.
It isn't clear why Tom did that.
It isn't clear why Tom didn't do that.
It isn't clear why Tom didn't want to do that.
It isn't clear why Tom left.
It isn't clear why Tom wanted to do that.
It isn't clear.
It isn't cold in the house.
It isn't cold today.
It isn't cold yet.
It isn't cold.
It isn't complicated at all.
It isn't complicated.
It isn't compulsory.
It isn't considered a mistake.
It isn't contagious.
It isn't cool.
It isn't crazy.
It isn't crying.
It isn't dark yet.
It isn't death I fear, but dying.
It isn't death that I fear, but dying.
It isn't deep enough.
It isn't difficult for me.
It isn't difficult to calculate.
It isn't difficult to do that.
It isn't difficult to do.
It isn't difficult to hear you.
It isn't difficult to learn French.
It isn't difficult to speak French.
It isn't difficult.
It isn't dinnertime yet.
It isn't done yet.
It isn't easy at all to convince them.
It isn't easy at all to get along with Tom.
It isn't easy being a parent, is it?
It isn't easy being an adult.
It isn't easy being married to Tom.
It isn't easy being the youngest in the family.
It isn't easy for Tom to get off work early.
It isn't easy for Tom to trust anyone.
It isn't easy for him to embrace the unknown.
It isn't easy for him to get out of the tunnel of loneliness.
It isn't easy for me to get off work early.
It isn't easy for me to play golf.
It isn't easy for me to trust anyone.
It isn't easy for me to trust you after what happened last time.
It isn't easy for me to work under these conditions.
It isn't easy for me.
It isn't easy for you, is it?
It isn't easy in there.
It isn't easy raising children.
It isn't easy sharing your secrets.
It isn't easy to be a referee today.
It isn't easy to be a referee.
It isn't easy to be an umpire today.
It isn't easy to be an umpire.
It isn't easy to be honest all the time.
It isn't easy to be understood by everybody.
It isn't easy to be understood by everyone.
It isn't easy to catch a fish with your hands.
It isn't easy to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.
It isn't easy to do something like that.
It isn't easy to do that.
It isn't easy to do.
It isn't easy to explain.
It isn't easy to figure out the cost.
It isn't easy to find a job nowadays.
It isn't easy to find a job these days.
It isn't easy to find the way to the park.
It isn't easy to find work nowadays.
It isn't easy to get along with idiots. Sometimes it is even impossible.
It isn't easy to get here by public transportation.
It isn't easy to get rid of a bad habit.
It isn't easy to get rid of bad habits.
It isn't easy to get there from here.
It isn't easy to get to the berber border.
It isn't easy to get to the castle.
It isn't easy to just sit here and do nothing.
It isn't easy to keep up with the times.
It isn't easy to learn a foreign language.
It isn't easy to live here by myself.
It isn't easy to live with a choleric person.
It isn't easy to lose weight.
It isn't easy to make friends.
It isn't easy to make out his ideas.
It isn't easy to make women happy.
It isn't easy to master French.
It isn't easy to memorize dates.
It isn't easy to part with one's favorite possessions.
It isn't easy to play the harp.
It isn't easy to play the oboe.
It isn't easy to please Tom.
It isn't easy to quit smoking.
It isn't easy to raise children.
It isn't easy to read.
It isn't easy to say goodbye after we've loved each other for so many years.
It isn't easy to say goodbye.
It isn't easy to sit around and watch.
It isn't easy to solve the problem.
It isn't easy to speak French well.
It isn't easy to speak French.
It isn't easy to speak a foreign language.
It isn't easy to stop being stupid.
It isn't easy to take care of Tom.
It isn't easy to teach French.
It isn't easy to teach little kids.
It isn't easy to think with Tom snoring.
It isn't easy to thread a needle.
It isn't easy to train dogs.
It isn't easy to translate all your comments into Standard German.
It isn't easy to translate this word.
It isn't easy to understand Tom's ideas.
It isn't easy to understand his ideas.
It isn't easy to understand why I should do that.
It isn't easy to understand why you want to go.
It isn't easy to understand why you want to leave.
It isn't easy to walk in deep snow.
It isn't easy to win.
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
It isn't easy to write a love letter.
It isn't easy to write sentences in Esperanto without the proper keyboard.
It isn't easy, but it's doable.
It isn't easy, but it's possible.
It isn't easy, but we're going to do it anyway.
It isn't easy, but we're going to do that anyway.
It isn't easy.
It isn't eating.
It isn't effective.
It isn't either one of those.
It isn't empty.
It isn't enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
It isn't enough to know only one language.
It isn't enough.
It isn't entirely unpleasant.
It isn't entirely your fault.
It isn't especially hot today.
It isn't essential to agree on all points.
It isn't essential.
It isn't ethical.
It isn't even October yet.
It isn't even funny.
It isn't even on the map.
It isn't even true.
It isn't evening yet.
It isn't ever going to happen anymore.
It isn't every day you get a building named after you.
It isn't evident whether the police followed the usual search procedures.
It isn't exactly a secret.
It isn't exactly a strike.
It isn't exactly like that.
It isn't exactly rocket science.
It isn't exactly what I said.
It isn't expensive.
It isn't explainable.
It isn't fair Tom can go and I can't.
It isn't fair at all.
It isn't fair that Tom can go and I can't.
It isn't fair that my children continue to pay the price for my choice.
It isn't fair that you are wealthier than she is.
It isn't fair to attribute your failure to your parents.
It isn't fair to dare anybody to do anything so dangerous.
It isn't fair to keep Tom in the dark.
It isn't fair to you.
It isn't fair.
It isn't fake.
It isn't far away from the hotel.
It isn't far by car.
It isn't far from here to there.
It isn't far from here.
It isn't far from my house to the station.
It isn't far from the hotel.
It isn't far to Boston.
It isn't finished yet.
It isn't finished.
It isn't for beginners.
It isn't for everybody.
It isn't for everyone.
It isn't for me to say.
It isn't for me to tell you that.
It isn't for sale.
It isn't for the faint of heart.
It isn't for you.
It isn't forbidden, but it's not allowed, either.
It isn't free.
It isn't from me.
It isn't fun and games.
It isn't funny any more.
It isn't funny anymore.
It isn't funny at all.
It isn't funny.
It isn't futile to go to university.
It isn't genuine, Tom.
It isn't getting worse.
It isn't going anywhere.
It isn't going to affect us at all.
It isn't going to be a big deal.
It isn't going to be a disaster.
It isn't going to be a problem at all.
It isn't going to be a problem, is it?
It isn't going to be a problem.
It isn't going to be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It isn't going to be cheap.
It isn't going to be difficult for us to do that.
It isn't going to be difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be difficult to do this.
It isn't going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for Tom.
It isn't going to be easy for me to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for me.
It isn't going to be easy for us to adapt to these changes.
It isn't going to be easy for us to change old habits.
It isn't going to be easy for us to do that.
It isn't going to be easy for us to find common ground, but we'll try.
It isn't going to be easy for you to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to help us do that.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom to help us.
It isn't going to be easy to convince Tom.
It isn't going to be easy to decide.
It isn't going to be easy to decode.
It isn't going to be easy to do that without a lot of help.
It isn't going to be easy to do that.
It isn't going to be easy to do this.
It isn't going to be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It isn't going to be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It isn't going to be easy to finish this job on time.
It isn't going to be easy.
It isn't going to be hard to do that.
It isn't going to be hard to do this.
It isn't going to be like that.
It isn't going to be long.
It isn't going to be possible for us to do that today.
It isn't going to be that bad.
It isn't going to be that difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be that easy to do that.
It isn't going to be that easy.
It isn't going to be that hard to do that.
It isn't going to be that hard.
It isn't going to be that much fun.
It isn't going to be the same.
It isn't going to be very difficult to do that.
It isn't going to be very easy to do that.
It isn't going to be very hard to do that.
It isn't going to bite you.
It isn't going to change.
It isn't going to come to that.
It isn't going to end well.
It isn't going to ever happen anymore.
It isn't going to get any better.
It isn't going to happen anytime soon.
It isn't going to happen to Tom.
It isn't going to happen.
It isn't going to hurt.
It isn't going to improve.
It isn't going to last forever.
It isn't going to make any difference.
It isn't going to rain this evening.
It isn't going to rain tonight.
It isn't going to snow this evening.
It isn't going to snow today.
It isn't going to snow.
It isn't going to stay that way.
It isn't going to take long.
It isn't going to work out.
It isn't going to work, is it?
It isn't going to work, you know.
It isn't going to work.
It isn't going very well for you.
It isn't going very well.
It isn't going well, is it?
It isn't going well.
It isn't gold.
It isn't good enough.
It isn't good for a scientist to get emotional.
It isn't good for anybody.
It isn't good for anyone.
It isn't good for my heart.
It isn't good for people to live alone.
It isn't good for scientists to get emotional.
It isn't good for your health to stay inside all day.
It isn't good manners to laugh at people when they make mistakes.
It isn't good to constantly be tired.
It isn't good to do that.
It isn't good to eat between meals.
It isn't good to force our ideas on others.
It isn't good to overeat.
It isn't good to read in a dark room.
It isn't good to ridicule people in public.
It isn't good to stay up all night, dude.
It isn't good to stay up late at night.
It isn't good to take sleeping pills.
It isn't good, is it?
It isn't good.
It isn't happening right now.
It isn't hard for everybody.
It isn't hard for everyone.
It isn't hard for me.
It isn't hard to calculate.
It isn't hard to do that.
It isn't hard to do.
It isn't hard to find.
It isn't hard to guess what's going to happen.
It isn't hard to make new friends.
It isn't hard to overcome your weaknesses.
It isn't hard to see why you aren't a success.
It isn't hard to see why you don't like Tom.
It isn't hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
It isn't hard to understand.
It isn't hard.
It isn't healthy for you.
It isn't healthy to do everything together.
It isn't healthy to drink as much water as you do.
It isn't healthy to eat and run.
It isn't healthy to eat so much sugar.
It isn't healthy to keep everything inside.
It isn't healthy to lose too much weight at one time.
It isn't healthy to skip meals.
It isn't healthy to spend too much time together.
It isn't healthy to stay in your room all day.
It isn't heavy.
It isn't helpful to dwell on it.
It isn't her.
It isn't here anymore.
It isn't here.
It isn't him.
It isn't hopeless.
It isn't hot today either.
It isn't hot today.
It isn't how I want us to be.
It isn't how it seems.
It isn't how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
It isn't ideal, but it's the least unsatisfactory solution.
It isn't ideal.
It isn't illegal to do that here.
It isn't illegal to do that.
It isn't illegal.
It isn't important anymore.
It isn't important to do that today.
It isn't important to me.
It isn't important what my name is.
It isn't important where he's from.
It isn't important whether we win the game or not.
It isn't important.
It isn't impossible.
It isn't in my contract.
It isn't in my nature to betray a friend.
It isn't interesting.
It isn't irrelevant.
It isn't just Tom's fault.
It isn't just Tom's problem.
It isn't just a concept.
It isn't just a game.
It isn't just a guess.
It isn't just a human face.
It isn't just a minor problem.
It isn't just a pen.
It isn't just a question of price.
It isn't just a safety issue.
It isn't just a theory.
It isn't just about money.
It isn't just about the money.
It isn't just anything.
It isn't just for show.
It isn't just here that this happens. This happens almost everywhere.
It isn't just here.
It isn't just illegal, it's also dangerous.
It isn't just its trifling value that has prompted the U.S. Congress to seriously consider doing away with the penny coin. For the first time, it now costs MORE than a penny to make one! The thinking goes that if we stop circulating pennies, all the prices and add-on taxes can be rounded to the nearest NICKEL. We won't need to fish in our pockets or purses for those annoying pennies any longer.
It isn't just kids who come to see Tom.
It isn't just me who uses the like feature in place of the bookmark feature on Twitter, is it?
It isn't just my fault.
It isn't just my problem.
It isn't just that.
It isn't just the economy.
It isn't just what you do, it's how and why you do it.
It isn't just what you do, it's how you do it.
It isn't known how many of them survived.
It isn't known where the treasures were hidden.
It isn't known who first invented the wheel.
It isn't legal to keep wild animals as pets.
It isn't legal.
It isn't legally binding.
It isn't lethal.
It isn't light enough in here to read.
It isn't like I don't want to do it.
It isn't like I had a choice.
It isn't like I have anything better to do.
It isn't like I have anything else to do.
It isn't like I haven't been trained for this.
It isn't like I haven't heard it before.
It isn't like I haven't tried.
It isn't like I really want to go to Boston.
It isn't like I really wanted to go to Boston.
It isn't like I want you here.
It isn't like I was trying to avoid Tom.
It isn't like I'm completely happy right now.
It isn't like I'm not trying.
It isn't like I'm real anxious to see Tom.
It isn't like Tom and I are doing anything.
It isn't like Tom is going anywhere.
It isn't like Tom is going to know.
It isn't like Tom murdered somebody.
It isn't like Tom not to call.
It isn't like Tom to be late.
It isn't like Tom to be so late.
It isn't like Tom was rushed.
It isn't like anybody cares.
It isn't like anybody got hurt.
It isn't like anybody takes responsibility then anyway.
It isn't like everyone doesn't have one.
It isn't like it just happened.
It isn't like it used to be.
It isn't like that anymore.
It isn't like that at all.
It isn't like that.
It isn't like the movies.
It isn't like we have anything better to do.
It isn't like we have anything else to do.
It isn't like we made up the rules.
It isn't like we're doing anything.
It isn't like we're going to get married or anything.
It isn't like we're strangers.
It isn't like you didn't see this coming.
It isn't like you have anything better to do.
It isn't like you have anything else to do.
It isn't like you knew what they were going to do.
It isn't like you think.
It isn't like you to be late.
It isn't like you to complain.
It isn't like you to cry at movies.
It isn't like you to not listen to other people's opinions.
It isn't like you're going to get arrested or anything.
It isn't likely Tom did it on purpose.
It isn't likely Tom did that on purpose.
It isn't likely Tom went there.
It isn't likely Tom will be here this afternoon.
It isn't likely Tom will be there tonight.
It isn't likely Tom will come.
It isn't likely Tom will do that tomorrow.
It isn't likely Tom will do that.
It isn't likely Tom will do what we ask.
It isn't likely Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
It isn't likely Tom will ever admit that he's wrong.
It isn't likely Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It isn't likely our team will win.
It isn't likely that I would change my mind.
It isn't likely that I'd change my mind.
It isn't likely that Tom did it on purpose.
It isn't likely that Tom did that on purpose.
It isn't likely that Tom went there.
It isn't likely that Tom will come.
It isn't likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It isn't likely that Tom will do that.
It isn't likely that Tom will ever admit he's wrong.
It isn't likely that Tom will ever admit that he's wrong.
It isn't likely that Tom will shed any tears if Mary gets fired.
It isn't likely that our team will win.
It isn't likely that she will come.
It isn't likely to be as complicated as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as difficult as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as easy as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as fun as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to be as hard as you think it'll be.
It isn't likely to get any better.
It isn't likely to happen again.
It isn't likely to happen anytime soon.
It isn't likely to happen soon.
It isn't likely to rain today.
It isn't likely to rain tomorrow.
It isn't likely to work.
It isn't locked.
It isn't logical.
It isn't looking good.
It isn't love.
It isn't lunchtime yet.
It isn't me Tom has a problem with.
It isn't me that Tom has a problem with.
It isn't me that Tom wants to talk to.
It isn't me you have to convince.
It isn't mine to give away.
It isn't mine.
It isn't moralism.
It isn't moving.
It isn't much fun going mountain climbing by yourself.
It isn't much fun just sitting here waiting for Tom.
It isn't much fun to do that.
It isn't much fun to go mountain climbing by yourself.
It isn't much further.
It isn't much of a car.
It isn't much of a change.
It isn't much of a job.
It isn't much of a plan.
It isn't much of a surprise, is it?
It isn't much use.
It isn't much, but it's better than nothing.
It isn't music.
It isn't my birthday.
It isn't my car.
It isn't my child.
It isn't my choice.
It isn't my concern.
It isn't my cup of tea.
It isn't my day.
It isn't my decision.
It isn't my duty to offer assistance; I'm not obliged.
It isn't my fault it happened.
It isn't my fault that it happened.
It isn't my fault that you got into an argument.
It isn't my fault you got into an argument.
It isn't my fault you're stupid.
It isn't my fault, is it?
It isn't my fault.
It isn't my intent to hurt you in any way.
It isn't my jam.
It isn't my job to confront Tom.
It isn't my job to do that.
It isn't my job.
It isn't my place to question Tom's decisions.
It isn't my place to question Tom's judgment.
It isn't my place to question Tom's loyalty.
It isn't my place to question Tom's methods.
It isn't my preferred theme.
It isn't my problem anymore.
It isn't my problem.
It isn't my problem. It's Tom's.
It isn't my problem. It's yours.
It isn't my responsibility to do that.
It isn't natural for a mother to outlive her child.
It isn't natural.
It isn't near. It is far from here.
It isn't nearly as cold today as I thought it was going to be.
It isn't nearly enough.
It isn't necessarily so.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that by himself.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that now.
It isn't necessary for Tom to do that.
It isn't necessary for Tom to go there himself.
It isn't necessary for Tom to stay in the hospital.
It isn't necessary for me to do that.
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.
It isn't necessary for us to be there.
It isn't necessary for us to do that now.
It isn't necessary for us to do that.
It isn't necessary for us to leave so soon.
It isn't necessary for us to make a decision now.
It isn't necessary for you to be here any longer.
It isn't necessary for you to be multilingual.
It isn't necessary for you to do that anymore.
It isn't necessary for you to do that now.
It isn't necessary for you to do that.
It isn't necessary for you to quit your job.
It isn't necessary for you to stay here any longer.
It isn't necessary for you to stay here.
It isn't necessary for you to take Tom advice if you don't want to.
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.
It isn't necessary to be brilliant to have value.
It isn't necessary to bring a gift.
It isn't necessary to come tomorrow.
It isn't necessary to do that again.
It isn't necessary to do that anymore.
It isn't necessary to do that now.
It isn't necessary to do that.
It isn't necessary to kill all the mosquitoes.
It isn't necessary to kill every mosquito.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now about where to meet.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now about where we'll meet.
It isn't necessary to make a decision now.
It isn't necessary to shine to have value.
It isn't necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It isn't necessary to squash all the mosquitoes.
It isn't necessary to squash every mosquito.
It isn't necessary to take all of that medicine.
It isn't necessary to write a long letter.
It isn't necessary, is it?
It isn't necessary.
It isn't negotiable.
It isn't new anymore.
It isn't new.
It isn't nice to hit people.
It isn't nice to keep a lady waiting.
It isn't nice to keep your friend waiting like this.
It isn't nice to make fun of others.
It isn't nice to make fun of people with speech impediments.
It isn't nice to make fun of somebody just because they're different.
It isn't nice to make fun of someone just because they're different.
It isn't nice to talk like that.
It isn't normal to eat so much.
It isn't normal.
It isn't normally like this.
It isn't normally this hot this time of year.
It isn't obvious.
It isn't official.
It isn't officially recognized as a disorder.
It isn't often that Tom does that.
It isn't often that Tom leaves early.
It isn't on the map.
It isn't on the menu.
It isn't only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
It isn't open for debate.
It isn't open to debate.
It isn't optional.
It isn't original.
It isn't our anniversary.
It isn't our fault, is it?
It isn't our fault.
It isn't our help that Tom wants.
It isn't our job to do that.
It isn't our responsibility to do that.
It isn't our responsibility.
It isn't over for Gunter.
It isn't over till the fat lady sings.
It isn't over until it's over.
It isn't over until the fat lady sings.
It isn't over yet, Tom.
It isn't over yet.
It isn't over.
It isn't perfect.
It isn't permitted.
It isn't personal.
It isn't pertinent.
It isn't physically possible.
It isn't pleasant to constantly be tired.
It isn't polite to interrupt a person when he or she is talking.
It isn't polite to interrupt somebody while they're talking.
It isn't polite to interrupt someone while they're talking.
It isn't polite to laugh at others.
It isn't polite to point at others.
It isn't polite to speak with your mouth full.
It isn't polite to stare at others.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
It isn't polite to stare.
It isn't possible for me to work under these conditions.
It isn't possible to change the past.
It isn't possible to clear the snow from every road.
It isn't possible to contact Tom now.
It isn't possible to determine if there's either salvation or damnation.
It isn't possible to do two things at once.
It isn't possible to get away from your problems.
It isn't possible to get there by car.
It isn't possible to get there by train.
It isn't possible to know everything.
It isn't possible to leave this island.
It isn't possible to live forever.
It isn't possible to live on that island.
It isn't possible to please everybody.
It isn't possible to please everyone.
It isn't possible to sink any lower.
It isn't possible to stop here.
It isn't possible to wait.
It isn't possible, is it?
It isn't possible.
It isn't practical.
It isn't predictable.
It isn't pretty.
It isn't proper to be late for a dinner party.
It isn't quite as bad as it sounds.
It isn't quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
It isn't quite as simple as that.
It isn't quite dark yet.
It isn't quite enough.
It isn't quite finished.
It isn't quite normal.
It isn't quite ready yet.
It isn't quite right.
It isn't quite that simple.
It isn't quite the same.
It isn't raining anymore.
It isn't raining at all.
It isn't raining but snowing.
It isn't raining hard.
It isn't raining much this year.
It isn't raining now.
It isn't raining right now.
It isn't raining yet.
It isn't raining.
It isn't rare for Tom to do that.
It isn't rare for Tom to make such mistakes.
It isn't rare for great love to be followed by great suffering.
It isn't rational.
It isn't ready yet.
It isn't real money.
It isn't real.
It isn't really a competition.
It isn't really a shock.
It isn't really all that difficult to cut someone's hair.
It isn't really all that difficult to do that.
It isn't really all that expensive.
It isn't really difficult to do that.
It isn't really finished yet.
It isn't really food.
It isn't really good to do everything together.
It isn't really helpful to translate word by word.
It isn't really like that at all.
It isn't really much of a deal.
It isn't really much of a problem.
It isn't really my cup of tea.
It isn't really necessary to do that today.
It isn't really necessary to do that.
It isn't really necessary.
It isn't really particularly healthy.
It isn't really raining that hard.
It isn't really random.
It isn't really safe for you to drink out of my glass.
It isn't really that expensive.
It isn't really that important.
It isn't really that relaxing.
It isn't really that spicy.
It isn't really that surprising.
It isn't really up to Tom.
It isn't really up to me.
It isn't really visible to the naked eye.
It isn't really what I was hoping for.
It isn't reasonable.
It isn't ridiculous.
It isn't right to treat people like that.
It isn't right to treat people like this.
It isn't right.
It isn't rocket science.
It isn't safe at night around here.
It isn't safe for Tom to be around me anymore.
It isn't safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
It isn't safe for a girl to go out by herself this late at night.
It isn't safe for me here.
It isn't safe for me to be here.
It isn't safe for us to remain in this area.
It isn't safe for you here anymore.
It isn't safe for you to be here.
It isn't safe for you to walk home alone.
It isn't safe here.
It isn't safe in here.
It isn't safe there.
It isn't safe to drink that water.
It isn't safe to drink the tap water here.
It isn't safe to drink this water.
It isn't safe to drive without a seatbelt.
It isn't safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
It isn't safe to go out after dark by yourself.
It isn't safe to jump out of a moving truck.
It isn't safe to play in the street.
It isn't safe to split up.
It isn't safe to stay here.
It isn't safe to swim here.
It isn't safe to swim in that river.
It isn't safe to text while you drive.
It isn't safe to walk alone at night.
It isn't safe.
It isn't secure.
It isn't serious.
It isn't similar at all.
It isn't simple for me to live with my guilt.
It isn't simple to forgive those who have caused you distress.
It isn't simple.
It isn't small but big.
It isn't snowing anymore.
It isn't snowing, is it?
It isn't snowing.
It isn't so bad here.
It isn't so bad up here.
It isn't so bad.
It isn't so cheap.
It isn't so cold today.
It isn't so easy for me to forgive anything in spite of its gravity.
It isn't so easy for us.
It isn't so easy to do that.
It isn't so easy!
It isn't so easy.
It isn't so far-fetched.
It isn't so far.
It isn't so good with money as bad without it.
It isn't so good.
It isn't so hard.
It isn't so hot today.
It isn't so little.
It isn't so much the heat as the humidity that makes me tired.
It isn't so much to ask.
It isn't so muggy today.
It isn't so short.
It isn't so simple.
It isn't so strange.
It isn't so terrible.
It isn't so unusual.
It isn't so.
It isn't socially acceptable to point at people.
It isn't something I can decide quickly.
It isn't something I can miss.
It isn't something I think I can do.
It isn't something I want to discuss.
It isn't something I want to do.
It isn't something I'd do.
It isn't something I'm familiar with.
It isn't something I'm proud of.
It isn't something I'm very good at.
It isn't something Tom and I are proud of.
It isn't something anyone can do.
It isn't something anyone would be ashamed of.
It isn't something that I can decide quickly.
It isn't something that I can miss.
It isn't something that I think I can do.
It isn't something that I want to discuss.
It isn't something that I want to do.
It isn't something that I'd do.
It isn't something that I'm familiar with.
It isn't something that I'm proud of.
It isn't something that I'm very good at.
It isn't something that anyone can do.
It isn't something that anyone would be ashamed of.
It isn't something that can't be overcome.
It isn't something that comes naturally to me.
It isn't something that could ever happen.
It isn't something that just anybody can do.
It isn't something that just anyone can do.
It isn't something that's vital to me.
It isn't something to be concerned about.
It isn't something we planned.
It isn't something you can prepare for.
It isn't something you forget.
It isn't something you'd be likely to forget.
It isn't something you'd likely forget.
It isn't special.
It isn't spring yet.
It isn't strange that children decrease, too?
It isn't strange that the number of children decreases, too.
It isn't stupid.
It isn't subjective.
It isn't such a big problem.
It isn't such a long flight.
It isn't such a long list.
It isn't suitable for minors.
It isn't suitable soil for this kind of plant.
It isn't summer now. It's winter.
It isn't sunny today.
It isn't supposed to be fun.
It isn't supposed to be happening.
It isn't supposed to be like this.
It isn't supposed to be this way.
It isn't supposed to happen.
It isn't supposed to rain today.
It isn't surprising Tom is proud of his son.
It isn't surprising Tom resigned.
It isn't surprising that Africans may think of English as one of their continent's languages.
It isn't surprising that Tom is proud of his son.
It isn't surprising that Tom resigned.
It isn't surprising.
It isn't that I don't care, I just don't care as much as you do.
It isn't that I don't love you, I just don't want to get married.
It isn't that I don't love you; I am just very tired.
It isn't that I don't want to go, I just can't afford to.
It isn't that I don't want to go, it's just that it's not a good time for me.
It isn't that I'm not interested.
It isn't that at all.
It isn't that bad yet.
It isn't that bad, is it?
It isn't that bad.
It isn't that big a deal.
It isn't that big of a deal if Tom doesn't like me all that much.
It isn't that big of a deal.
It isn't that both daughters want to study abroad.
It isn't that cold in that village.
It isn't that cold yet.
It isn't that cold.
It isn't that complicated.
It isn't that deep here.
It isn't that deep.
It isn't that different.
It isn't that difficult.
It isn't that easy, is it?
It isn't that easy.
It isn't that expensive.
It isn't that far away.
It isn't that far from here.
It isn't that far to the airport.
It isn't that far.
It isn't that hard to earn money in this country.
It isn't that hard.
It isn't that important.
It isn't that interesting.
It isn't that long a flight.
It isn't that nice.
It isn't that noticeable.
It isn't that ridiculous.
It isn't that scary.
It isn't that simple.
It isn't that strange.
It isn't that surprising.
It isn't that urgent.
It isn't that weird, is it?
It isn't that windy today.
It isn't the 19th century.
It isn't the Olympics.
It isn't the answer.
It isn't the end of the story yet.
It isn't the end of the world.
It isn't the fault of the moneychangers, nor of those in charge of the Temple, that the Romans colonized Judea and required the use of their money.
It isn't the final goal, but the process of getting there that matters.
It isn't the first time Tom has done something like that.
It isn't the first time and it won't be the last.
It isn't the first time she's bathed naked in the sea.
It isn't the first time that Tom has done something like that.
It isn't the government's fault that prices are rising.
It isn't the graying hair nor the number of years which makes "age"; a person is old when they've lost their sense of humour and aren't interested in anything anymore.
It isn't the mark that he was expecting.
It isn't the most open-minded place in the world.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
It isn't the only example.
It isn't the person who hesitates, it's his word.
It isn't the real thing.
It isn't the same anymore.
It isn't the same around here without you.
It isn't the same here without you.
It isn't the same thing.
It isn't the same without you.
It isn't the same.
It isn't the way it used to be.
It isn't the world that is our destiny, but the economy.
It isn't their fault.
It isn't their money.
It isn't them.
It isn't theoretically possible.
It isn't there anymore.
It isn't there now.
It isn't there.
It isn't this one.
It isn't till we lose our health that we realize its true value.
It isn't time to do that yet.
It isn't time to eat yet.
It isn't time to go home yet.
It isn't time to stop yet.
It isn't time.
It isn't too cold.
It isn't too deep.
It isn't too difficult to do that.
It isn't too difficult to learn French.
It isn't too early.
It isn't too expensive to fly from Korea to Japan.
It isn't too expensive.
It isn't too fancy.
It isn't too far from Boston.
It isn't too far from here.
It isn't too far to walk.
It isn't too far.
It isn't too hard to do that.
It isn't too hard to learn French.
It isn't too hard.
It isn't too heavy.
It isn't too hot.
It isn't too late for us to do that.
It isn't too late for you to change your mind.
It isn't too late for you.
It isn't too late to admit everything.
It isn't too late to apologize.
It isn't too late to ask Tom to do that for you.
It isn't too late to ask for help.
It isn't too late to call Tom now.
It isn't too late to call this off.
It isn't too late to change the schedule.
It isn't too late to change your mind.
It isn't too late to confess everything.
It isn't too late to do that.
It isn't too late to do the right thing.
It isn't too late to save Tom.
It isn't too late to tell Mary that you love her.
It isn't too late to tell Mary you love her.
It isn't too late to tell Tom that you love him.
It isn't too late to tell Tom you love him.
It isn't too late to turn back.
It isn't too late to walk away.
It isn't too late.
It isn't too much.
It isn't too spicy, is it?
It isn't totally exact.
It isn't true Tom died in the hospital. He died at home.
It isn't true Tom saw a monster.
It isn't true anymore.
It isn't true that Jack is no good at music; on the contrary, he plays the piano well.
It isn't true that Tom died in the hospital. He died at home.
It isn't true that Tom saw a monster.
It isn't true that you like to collaborate.
It isn't true that you like to contribute.
It isn't true that you watched TV.
It isn't true that you're as good a swimmer as she is.
It isn't true that you're infallible.
It isn't true, is it?
It isn't true.
It isn't typical to have such cold temperatures now.
It isn't ugly.
It isn't uncommon for a divorced couple to marry each other again some years after their initial divorce.
It isn't uncommon for people to give fake personal information when registering to use websites.
It isn't uncommon for students to not study until the night before a test.
It isn't uncommon to see Americans kissing in public.
It isn't unheard of.
It isn't unprecedented.
It isn't until we lose our health that we appreciate its value.
It isn't until we lose our health that we realize the value of it.
It isn't until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
It isn't until you have lost your health that you realize its value.
It isn't until you lose your health that you realize its value.
It isn't unusual at all.
It isn't unusual for Tom to be late.
It isn't unusual for Tom to go to bed before 9:00.
It isn't unusual for this kind of thing to happen.
It isn't unusual to see bears around here.
It isn't up for debate.
It isn't up for discussion.
It isn't up to me.
It isn't up to them.
It isn't up to us.
It isn't up to you.
It isn't urgent.
It isn't us who did it.
It isn't us who did that.
It isn't useful.
It isn't usual.
It isn't usually this busy.
It isn't very common.
It isn't very complicated.
It isn't very difficult.
It isn't very durable.
It isn't very easy.
It isn't very expensive.
It isn't very far from here.
It isn't very good.
It isn't very hard.
It isn't very important.
It isn't very impressive.
It isn't very interesting.
It isn't very likely Tom will want to do that.
It isn't very likely that Tom will want to do that.
It isn't very likely to rain tomorrow.
It isn't very spicy.
It isn't very windy today.
It isn't visible to the naked eye.
It isn't voluntary.
It isn't voluntary. It is compulsory.
It isn't voluntary. It's mandatory.
It isn't warm.
It isn't weird.
It isn't what I expected.
It isn't what I thought.
It isn't what I wanted to say.
It isn't what I was looking for.
It isn't what Tom said, but the way he said it.
It isn't what Tom says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It isn't what Tom says that annoys me, but the way he says it.
It isn't what Tom thought it was.
It isn't what a man has but what he is that is really important.
It isn't what a man has but what he is that's really important.
It isn't what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It isn't what it seems.
It isn't what we thought it was.
It isn't what you do, but how you do it that matters.
It isn't what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it.
It isn't what you say that counts, but how you say it.
It isn't what you say that matters, but how you say it.
It isn't what you say that matters, it's how you say it.
It isn't what you say that matters, it's what you do.
It isn't what you say, but how you say it.
It isn't what you say, but just the opposite.
It isn't what you say, but what you do that counts.
It isn't what you think.
It isn't what you wear, it's how you wear it.
It isn't what you're thinking.
It isn't windy today.
It isn't without risks.
It isn't working yet.
It isn't working.
It isn't worth a dime.
It isn't worth a farthing.
It isn't worth arguing about.
It isn't worth arguing with a dumbass like you.
It isn't worth crying over.
It isn't worth discussing.
It isn't worth getting angry.
It isn't worth going there.
It isn't worth it anymore.
It isn't worth it to repair this camera.
It isn't worth it to repair this car.
It isn't worth it!
It isn't worth it.
It isn't worth mentioning.
It isn't worth much.
It isn't worth repairing this camera.
It isn't worth repairing this car.
It isn't worth talking about.
It isn't worth the effort.
It isn't worth the headache.
It isn't worth the money they're asking for.
It isn't worth the money.
It isn't worth the pain.
It isn't worth the risk.
It isn't worth the time.
It isn't worth the trouble.
It isn't worth the wait.
It isn't worth waiting for.
It isn't worth worrying about it.
It isn't worthwhile going there.
It isn't written in French.
It isn't wrong.
It isn't yet finished.
It isn't yet over.
It isn't yet three o'clock, but it's already getting dark.
It isn't yet time.
It isn't yet working.
It isn't you I hate.
It isn't you I'm worried about.
It isn't you responsibility to do that.
It isn't you that I hate.
It isn't you that I'm worried about.
It isn't your choice.
It isn't your decision to make.
It isn't your decision.
It isn't your fault, is it?
It isn't your fault.
It isn't your job.
It isn't your money I want.
It isn't your money that I want.
It isn't your problem.
It isn't your turn yet.
It isn't your turn.
It isn't yours.
It isn't, love.
It isn’t a hospital.
It isn’t a problem as long as I come back into the room right after finishing smoking, is it?
It isn’t a real apartment.
It isn’t a surprise that English is the world’s most spoken language.
It isn’t a true apartment.
It isn’t always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
It isn’t always summer.
It isn’t anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
It isn’t anywhere near as hot today as it was yesterday.
It isn’t as cold here as in Alaska.
It isn’t as if I’m learning by being corrected all the time.
It isn’t as if a child learning to talk studies.
It isn’t as if we were rich.
It isn’t certain whether he will come or not.
It isn’t clear which of them wanted that.
It isn’t easy for me to play golf.
It isn’t easy to learn a foreign language.
It isn’t easy to make out his ideas.
It isn’t easy to write a love letter in English.
It isn’t expensive.
It isn’t futile to go to university.
It isn’t hard to do.
It isn’t hard to overcome your weaknesses.
It isn’t hard to speak English, is it?
It isn’t known where the treasures were hidden.
It isn’t like anybody takes responsibility then anyway.
It isn’t likely that she will come.
It isn’t mine.
It isn’t much of a car.
It isn’t my preferred theme.
It isn’t necessary to answer that letter.
It isn’t necessary to make a decision now about where we’ll meet.
It isn’t new.
It isn’t polite to stare at people.
It isn’t possible to clear the snow from every road.
It isn’t raining much this year.
It isn’t safe to walk alone at night.
It isn’t strange that children decrease, too?
It isn’t strange that the number of children decreases, too.
It isn’t surprising that Africans may think of English as one of their continent’s languages.
It isn’t that both daughters want to study abroad.
It isn’t totally exact.
It isn’t true that Jack is no good at music; on the contrary, he plays the piano well.
It isn’t what he says that annoys me but the way he says it.
It isn’t worth repairing this car.
It isn’t worthwhile going there.
It itches.
It joins the eastern and western shores of Maryland. The bridge is about seven kilometers long. It was the largest continuous over-water steel structure in the world when it opened in nineteen fifty-two.
It just about sufficed to buy food for his family—parents, wife and two sons.
It just blew me away.
It just blows me away.
It just boggles my mind.
It just breaks my heart to see you like this.
It just broke my heart.
It just broke.
It just bugs me.
It just came out.
It just came.
It just can't be done.
It just can't be true.
It just can't happen again.
It just comes naturally to me.
It just couldn't be true.
It just depends on you.
It just didn't matter.
It just didn't seem important at the time.
It just didn't work out.
It just didn't work.
It just disappeared.
It just doesn't add up.
It just doesn't count.
It just doesn't feel right.
It just doesn't feel safe.
It just doesn't fit the need.
It just doesn't fit.
It just doesn't happen that way.
It just doesn't happen.
It just doesn't look right.
It just doesn't make any sense.
It just doesn't make sense anymore.
It just doesn't make sense.
It just doesn't matter.
It just doesn't seem fair.
It just doesn't seem likely.
It just doesn't seem possible.
It just doesn't seem right to me.
It just doesn't sound right.
It just doesn't work like that.
It just doesn't work that way.
It just doesn't work.
It just doesn't work. I'm sorry.
It just faded away.
It just feels different.
It just feels eerie.
It just feels really good.
It just feels right.
It just felt different.
It just felt natural.
It just felt terrific.
It just felt unnatural.
It just gets worse.
It just goes on forever.
It just goes to show that you only know who your true friends are when you're dying on a hospital table having your extremities snapped this way and that.
It just got better!
It just got too expensive.
It just got weirder.
It just happened again.
It just happened so fast.
It just happened to coincide.
It just happened.
It just happens sometimes.
It just happens.
It just has to be done.
It just hit me last night that I had made a big mistake.
It just hits you in the solar plexus.
It just isn't fair.
It just isn't the same.
It just isn't worth it.
It just keeps getting worse and worse.
It just kept getting worse and worse.
It just kept on loading after I selected a watch face...
It just lasts for 15 minutes, doesn't it?
It just looks funny.
It just made sense.
It just makes Ziri happy.
It just makes me sick.
It just makes no sense.
It just makes sense.
It just might take Tom a little while.
It just might work.
It just narrowly meets the requirements.
It just needs a little love.
It just needs a signature.
It just scares me.
It just seemed like the right thing to do.
It just seemed like the right thing to say.
It just seemed to be the right thing to do.
It just seemed to me that I was hearing your voice.
It just seems like I don't deserve to be happy or to move forward in my life.
It just seems like that to you.
It just seems like the right thing to do.
It just seems ridiculous.
It just seems so wrong.
It just seems stupid.
It just seems that way to you.
It just seems unreal.
It just seems weird to mention it at all I suppose.
It just seems wrong.
It just slipped my mind.
It just so happened that I was free last Sunday.
It just so happened that Mr Yamada came from the same town.
It just so happens I do know where Tom and Mary are right now.
It just so happens I do know where Tom is right now.
It just so happens, I'm a teacher.
It just sort of happened.
It just sounds boring.
It just started raining!
It just started to rain.
It just stopped raining.
It just stopped snowing.
It just stopped working.
It just stopped.
It just takes a spark to light a fire.
It just takes confidence.
It just takes one mistake.
It just takes practice.
It just takes time.
It just took some time.
It just turned out that I had to do it.
It just vanished.
It just was not my day yesterday.
It just was the way things were back then.
It just wasn't appropriate.
It just wasn't enough.
It just wasn't meant to be.
It just wasn't my day.
It just wasn't our day.
It just wasn't what we expected.
It just wasn't what we thought.
It just won't be the same around here without you.
It just won't happen the way you think it will.
It just won't happen.
It just won't work.
It just won’t be the same around here without you.
It just works as an ornament.
It just works out that way.
It just works.
It just wouldn't be right not to go to Tom's graduation ceremony.
It just wouldn't be right.
It keeps getting colder.
It keeps getting funnier and funnier.
It keeps getting harder and harder.
It keeps getting hotter everyday.
It keeps happening.
It keeps me from snapping at people.
It keeps me motivated.
It keeps me up at night.
It keeps on snowing.
It keeps raining.
It keeps snowing.
It keeps you on your toes.
It kept me engaged.
It kept me from reading.
It kept me grounded.
It kept me occupied.
It kept on raining for a week.
It kept on snowing until the snow reached the windows.
It kept raining all day long.
It kept raining for a week.
It kept raining for three days.
It kept raining.
It kept snowing all day.
It kills me to know that Gunter's killer is still running free.
It kills me.
It kind of caught me off guard.
It kind of gets us riled up.
It kind of goes both ways.
It kind of helped out.
It kind of surprised me.
It kind of surprised you, didn't it?
It kinda sounds like a scam.
It kneads the dough.
It knocks on the door.
It lacks education.
It lacks nothing.
It landed at the expected site.
It lasted about a year.
It lasted almost an hour.
It lasted for almost an hour.
It lasted for three years.
It lasted for twenty years.
It lasted more than three years.
It lasted more than two years.
It lasted nearly three hours.
It lasted short time.
It lasts one hour.
It later turned out to be entirely made up.
It leads a lecher and a thief to soon become a man of the cloth.
It leads to positive changes and societal progress.
It leaks like a colander.
It leaks like a sieve.
It leaves a bad aftertaste.
It leaves a bitter aftertaste.
It leaves a lot to be desired.
It leaves every thirty minutes.
It leaves me cold.
It leaves much to be desired.
It leaves nothing much to be desired.
It leaves you breathless.
It led me down to the wrong road.
It led to him losing his money.
It led to the establishment of lasting peace.
It left 60 million dead.
It left a bad aftertaste.
It left at two, reaching Rome at four.
It left me indifferent.
It left me speechless.
It left me with great memories.
It left off raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis.
It lies with me to tell for the first time what really took place between Professor Moriarty and Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
It lies with you to decide which to choose.
It lifts your spirits.
It likes me.
It likes strange animals, like snakes.
It likes to smoke tobacco.
It limited the factory's output.
It lives between Italy and France.
It lives inside an apple.
It looked a little scare down there.
It looked almost impossible for him to finish his book.
It looked as if we were on the eve of a revolution.
It looked as if you were in a hurry.
It looked as though no one had been there since my arrival.
It looked at me.
It looked awful.
It looked beautiful.
It looked cheap.
It looked fantastic.
It looked fresh.
It looked funny.
It looked good.
It looked hopeless.
It looked horrible.
It looked like Mary wanted me to kiss her.
It looked like Tom and Mary were about to cry.
It looked like Tom and Mary were astonished.
It looked like Tom and Mary were disgusted.
It looked like Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
It looked like Tom and Mary were enjoying themselves.
It looked like Tom and Mary were getting ready to leave.
It looked like Tom and Mary were having fun.
It looked like Tom and Mary were horrified.
It looked like Tom and Mary were impressed.
It looked like Tom and Mary were interested in what was going on.
It looked like Tom and Mary were right.
It looked like Tom and Mary were searching for something.
It looked like Tom and Mary were shaken.
It looked like Tom and Mary were surprised.
It looked like Tom and Mary were worried.
It looked like Tom didn't know what he was supposed to do, so I told him what to do.
It looked like Tom expected Mary to hug him.
It looked like Tom expected me to come in.
It looked like Tom fainted.
It looked like Tom had a lot on his mind today.
It looked like Tom had fallen down and hurt himself.
It looked like Tom had fun doing that.
It looked like Tom knew Mary.
It looked like Tom knew what he was doing.
It looked like Tom needed help, so I offered to help him.
It looked like Tom really enjoyed doing that.
It looked like Tom really enjoyed that.
It looked like Tom wanted to say more, but he didn't.
It looked like Tom was about to cry.
It looked like Tom was about to jump into the pool.
It looked like Tom was about to kiss Mary.
It looked like Tom was about to leave.
It looked like Tom was about to start crying.
It looked like Tom was about to throw up.
It looked like Tom was about to vomit.
It looked like Tom was afraid of something.
It looked like Tom was annoyed by that.
It looked like Tom was asleep.
It looked like Tom was astonished.
It looked like Tom was dead.
It looked like Tom was disgusted.
It looked like Tom was drowning.
It looked like Tom was embarrassed.
It looked like Tom was enjoying himself.
It looked like Tom was feeling better.
It looked like Tom was getting ready to leave.
It looked like Tom was going somewhere.
It looked like Tom was going to do that.
It looked like Tom was going to faint.
It looked like Tom was going to hit Mary.
It looked like Tom was going to kiss Mary.
It looked like Tom was going to start crying.
It looked like Tom was having a good time.
It looked like Tom was having fun.
It looked like Tom was horrified.
It looked like Tom was impressed.
It looked like Tom was interested in what was going on.
It looked like Tom was ready to give up.
It looked like Tom was right.
It looked like Tom was searching for something.
It looked like Tom was shaken.
It looked like Tom was sleeping.
It looked like Tom was surprised.
It looked like Tom was trying to hug Mary.
It looked like Tom was trying to hurt you.
It looked like Tom was trying to kill Mary.
It looked like Tom was trying to kiss Mary.
It looked like Tom was trying to write something.
It looked like Tom was wearing a new pair of shoes.
It looked like Tom was worried.
It looked like Tom wasn't alone.
It looked like Tom wasn't enjoying himself.
It looked like Tom wasn't enjoying the party.
It looked like Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
It looked like Tom wasn't having much fun.
It looked like a big orange ball hanging out in the sky! It was beautiful!
It looked like a gazelle standing up.
It looked like a gun.
It looked like a strike to me from here.
It looked like an eggcup suitable for a goose egg.
It looked like everybody was having fun today.
It looked like everyone was having fun today.
It looked like fun.
It looked like he was going to kiss me.
It looked like it was going to rain, but it didn't.
It looked like it was going to work.
It looked like no one could stop President Reagan.
It looked like nothing I'd ever seen before.
It looked like nothing was happening.
It looked like rain, so I took an umbrella with me.
It looked like rain.
It looked like she had a lot on her mind today.
It looked like she wanted me to kiss her.
It looked like she was having a nightmare.
It looked like someone was in Tom's room with him.
It looked like something back was running through the forest.
It looked like that game was in the bag. I totally didn't expect them to lose.
It looked like they wanted to kill you.
It looked like they were fighting.
It looked like they were reading a book whilst walking and carrying firewood on their back.
It looked like you didn't want to do what you were doing.
It looked like you lost your balance.
It looked like you were about to hit Tom.
It looked like you were asleep.
It looked like you were attentive.
It looked like you were bored.
It looked like you were busy.
It looked like you were dead.
It looked like you were going to cry.
It looked like you were going to die.
It looked like you were going to fail.
It looked like you were going to fall down.
It looked like you were going to fall off the ladder.
It looked like you were going to fall.
It looked like you were going to get hit.
It looked like you were going to hit Tom.
It looked like you were going to kill each other.
It looked like you were going to say something.
It looked like you were going to throw up.
It looked like you were going to trip.
It looked like you were going to vomit.
It looked like you were going to win.
It looked like you were having a good time.
It looked like you were having fun.
It looked like you were home on Monday.
It looked like you were in a hurry.
It looked like you were just about to do that.
It looked like you were just about to jump into the water.
It looked like you were just about to jump off the dock.
It looked like you were losing your balance.
It looked like you were paying attention.
It looked like you were sleeping.
It looked like you were suffocating.
It looked like you were surprised.
It looked like you were unconscious.
It looked like you weren't enjoying the party.
It looked like you weren't enjoying yourself.
It looked like you weren't enjoying yourselves.
It looked like you weren't having a good time.
It looked like you weren't having any fun.
It looked like you weren't having much fun.
It looked like you weren't paying attention.
It looked promising.
It looked real.
It looked similar to this.
It looked so delicious.
It looked to be a hyena.
It looked too simple.
It looked tough to achieve his aim.
It looked yellow to me.
It looks Egyptian.
It looks OK to me.
It looks a bit like favouritism to me.
It looks a little heavy.
It looks a little like a fish, but it isn't.
It looks a lot worse than it is.
It looks a lot worse than it really is.
It looks alive.
It looks all right to me.
It looks all right.
It looks almost new.
It looks amazing.
It looks appetizing.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are crying.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that now.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
It looks as if Tom and Mary have already done that.
It looks as if Tom declared war on everyone.
It looks as if Tom did that.
It looks as if Tom has already done that.
It looks as if Tom has met his match.
It looks as if Tom is crying.
It looks as if Tom is doing that now.
It looks as if Tom is doing that right now.
It looks as if Tom is doing that.
It looks as if Tom is smiling now.
It looks as if Tom is smiling right now.
It looks as if Tom is trying to slow down the negotiations.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to do that.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to go to Australia with us.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to go to Boston with us.
It looks as if Tom isn't going to help us.
It looks as if Tom was right.
It looks as if Tom won't do that.
It looks as if Tom won't go to Australia with us.
It looks as if Tom won't go to Boston with us.
It looks as if Tom won't help us.
It looks as if Tom's shirt has lost a button.
It looks as if a storm is coming.
It looks as if autumn is really here.
It looks as if everyone's gone.
It looks as if he were sick.
It looks as if he'll get off without any punishment.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
It looks as if it might rain.
It looks as if it were a mouse, but it's way too big.
It looks as if it'll be another fine day today.
It looks as if it'll be nice again today.
It looks as if it'll be nice again tomorrow.
It looks as if it'll clear up soon.
It looks as if it'll quit raining.
It looks as if it'll rain again tomorrow.
It looks as if it'll rain today as well.
It looks as if it'll rain tonight.
It looks as if it'll rain.
It looks as if it's about to rain.
It looks as if it's about to start raining.
It looks as if it's brand new.
It looks as if it's going to be a nice day.
It looks as if it's going to be nice again today.
It looks as if it's going to clear up soon.
It looks as if it's going to rain again tomorrow.
It looks as if it's going to rain.
It looks as if it's going to snow.
It looks as if it's starting to rain.
It looks as if it’s going to be a nice day.
It looks as if it’s going to rain.
It looks as if nothing happened.
It looks as if nothing's happened yet.
It looks as if nothing's happened.
It looks as if she's out at the moment.
It looks as if someone has already done that.
It looks as if the dog wants something to eat.
It looks as if today is Monday.
It looks as if we've got everything.
It looks as if we've got ourselves lost.
It looks as if you have green fingers.
It looks as if you're right.
It looks as if your dog's thirsty.
It looks as if you’re right.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for something.
It looks as though Tom is waiting for somebody.
It looks as though Tom is waiting for someone.
It looks as though Tom is waiting for something.
It looks as though his love might be reciprocated.
It looks as though it may rain.
It looks as though this summer will be cold again.
It looks as though we shall have to go without a holiday this year.
It looks as though you've got green fingers.
It looks awful, I'm not interested in buying.
It looks bad.
It looks beautiful to me.
It looks brand new.
It looks breezy outside.
It looks challenging.
It looks cheap.
It looks cold outside.
It looks complicated.
It looks consequently bigger.
It looks cool, but I don't really have any use for it.
It looks cool.
It looks creepy.
It looks delicious.
It looks different.
It looks easy when you do it.
It looks easy when you do that.
It looks easy, but it's pretty exhausting.
It looks easy.
It looks every bit alive and real as it did in 1969, as though engineers and scientists just stepped away for a moment.
It looks exactly like mine.
It looks exactly the same.
It looks exciting.
It looks fabulous on you!
It looks familiar.
It looks fantastic on you.
It looks fantastic.
It looks fascinating.
It looks fine.
It looks fun.
It looks fun. Why don't we try it?
It looks good on him.
It looks good on paper.
It looks good on you.
It looks good to me.
It looks good.
It looks great for the most part. Just this one detail seems off to me.
It looks great from up here.
It looks great so far.
It looks great!
It looks great, but this one detail seems off to me.
It looks great.
It looks harmless enough.
It looks hideous.
It looks hopeless.
It looks hot outside.
It looks impossible.
It looks impressive.
It looks incredible.
It looks interesting.
It looks it might start raining, so you'd better not do that now.
It looks just like him.
It looks just perfect.
It looks like Amanda has a secret admirer.
It looks like Bill will go to medical school after all.
It looks like Google deprecated that functionality.
It looks like I came at a bad time.
It looks like I drank too much yesterday. My head is pounding. I'm completely hungover.
It looks like I drank too much yesterday. My head is pounding. I’m completely hungover.
It looks like I goofed again.
It looks like I got here too early.
It looks like I lack the capacity for loving two at the same time.
It looks like I made a lot of mistakes.
It looks like I may have to go to Australia next summer.
It looks like I may have to go to Boston next summer.
It looks like I messed up.
It looks like I might have to go to Australia next month.
It looks like I might have to go to Australia next summer.
It looks like I might have to go to Boston next Monday.
It looks like I might have to go to Boston next summer.
It looks like I must have dozed off.
It looks like I must've dozed off.
It looks like I ran someone over.
It looks like I was right about Tom not showing up for the meeting.
It looks like I was wrong about that.
It looks like I woke you.
It looks like I'll be late again.
It looks like I'll be tied up all afternoon.
It looks like I'll finally get a chance to meet Tom.
It looks like I'm going to arrive late.
It looks like I'm going to have to varnish my bookshelves again.
It looks like I'm going to need more help.
It looks like I'm not going to Mars anymore.
It looks like I'm not needed here.
It looks like I'm on my own.
It looks like I'm outnumbered here. I hate to do it but I'll withdraw my plan.
It looks like I'm the only one who has to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It looks like I've caught a cold.
It looks like I've come at a bad time.
It looks like I’m going to arrive late.
It looks like I’m going to have to varnish my bookshelves again.
It looks like I’m outnumbered here. I hate to do it but I’ll withdraw my plan.
It looks like Jacob has been bitten by the love bug.
It looks like Janet's going to be kicked upstairs.
It looks like Janet’s going to be kicked upstairs.
It looks like Liverpool might not qualify for the Champions League for the first time in six years.
It looks like Mary doesn't think she has a chance to win.
It looks like Mary got what she wanted.
It looks like Mary has fallen down and hurt herself.
It looks like Mary has found a boyfriend.
It looks like Mary is by herself.
It looks like Mary is drunk again.
It looks like Mary is enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary is really enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to give her a ride.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to help her.
It looks like Mary knows what she's doing.
It looks like Mary was able to get what she wanted.
It looks like Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
It looks like Mr Taniguchi is late, doesn't it?
It looks like Mr Taniguchi is late, doesn’t it?
It looks like Sami likes smelly places.
It looks like Tom and I are going to arrive late.
It looks like Tom and I are going to have to walk.
It looks like Tom and I are the only ones here who know how to dance.
It looks like Tom and I are the only ones who need to do that.
It looks like Tom and I aren't needed here.
It looks like Tom and I were wrong about that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are OK.
It looks like Tom and Mary are a little preoccupied.
It looks like Tom and Mary are about the start crying.
It looks like Tom and Mary are afraid.
It looks like Tom and Mary are alive.
It looks like Tom and Mary are alone.
It looks like Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
It looks like Tom and Mary are angry.
It looks like Tom and Mary are annoyed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are arguing.
It looks like Tom and Mary are asleep.
It looks like Tom and Mary are awake.
It looks like Tom and Mary are beginning to worry about what might happen.
It looks like Tom and Mary are being cooperative.
It looks like Tom and Mary are bored.
It looks like Tom and Mary are busy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are cold.
It looks like Tom and Mary are confused.
It looks like Tom and Mary are crying.
It looks like Tom and Mary are depressed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are desperate.
It looks like Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are determined to win.
It looks like Tom and Mary are disappointed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are discouraged.
It looks like Tom and Mary are disorganized.
It looks like Tom and Mary are distracted.
It looks like Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
It looks like Tom and Mary are done.
It looks like Tom and Mary are drunk again.
It looks like Tom and Mary are drunk.
It looks like Tom and Mary are eating right now.
It looks like Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are excited.
It looks like Tom and Mary are exhausted.
It looks like Tom and Mary are fine.
It looks like Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are furious.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting pretty drunk.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting ready to leave.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting tired.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to be early today.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to cry.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to get into Harvard.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to get married.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to start working here.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to win.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a good time.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a lot of fun.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun now.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun.
It looks like Tom and Mary are healthy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are here.
It looks like Tom and Mary are hesitant to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are home.
It looks like Tom and Mary are hungry.
It looks like Tom and Mary are in love.
It looks like Tom and Mary are in.
It looks like Tom and Mary are innocent.
It looks like Tom and Mary are interested.
It looks like Tom and Mary are intrigued.
It looks like Tom and Mary are jealous.
It looks like Tom and Mary are leaving.
It looks like Tom and Mary are lonely.
It looks like Tom and Mary are mad.
It looks like Tom and Mary are miserable.
It looks like Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are nervous.
It looks like Tom and Mary are organized.
It looks like Tom and Mary are out.
It looks like Tom and Mary are pleased.
It looks like Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are prepared.
It looks like Tom and Mary are pretty good at doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are puzzled.
It looks like Tom and Mary are ready.
It looks like Tom and Mary are really enjoying themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are rich.
It looks like Tom and Mary are scared.
It looks like Tom and Mary are shivering.
It looks like Tom and Mary are shy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are skeptical.
It looks like Tom and Mary are sleeping.
It looks like Tom and Mary are sleepy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are suspicious.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tense.
It looks like Tom and Mary are through doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tired.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tough.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unconscious.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unconvinced.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unemployed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unhappy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are up to something.
It looks like Tom and Mary are up.
It looks like Tom and Mary are upset.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to give them a ride.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to help them.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It looks like Tom and Mary are winning.
It looks like Tom and Mary are worried.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't at home.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to get married.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to win.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't having a good time.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't here.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in baseball.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in going with us.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in that.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't very good at dancing.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't very happy.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to leave.
It looks like Tom and Mary do that very well.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know how to ski.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't like you very much.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't think they have a chance to win.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary enjoy being together.
It looks like Tom and Mary got what they wanted.
It looks like Tom and Mary have already done that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have been careless.
It looks like Tom and Mary have been crying.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both been crying.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both gained a little weight.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both left.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both lost a few pounds.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both lost a little weight.
It looks like Tom and Mary have bought new bicycles.
It looks like Tom and Mary have come back.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that already.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that before.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have fallen down and hurt themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary have given up.
It looks like Tom and Mary have left.
It looks like Tom and Mary have no idea how to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
It looks like Tom and Mary want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary want to leave.
It looks like Tom and Mary were able to get what they wanted.
It looks like Tom and Mary were correct.
It looks like Tom and Mary were mistaken.
It looks like Tom and Mary were right.
It looks like Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary were wrong.
It looks like Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
It looks like Tom bought a new car.
It looks like Tom can't do that very well.
It looks like Tom can't solve that problem.
It looks like Tom can’t solve that problem.
It looks like Tom could use a little help.
It looks like Tom decided to stay.
It looks like Tom did that.
It looks like Tom does that very well.
It looks like Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
It looks like Tom doesn't have any chance of winning.
It looks like Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It looks like Tom doesn't know how to put a saddle on a horse.
It looks like Tom doesn't know how to ski.
It looks like Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
It looks like Tom doesn't know what to do.
It looks like Tom doesn't like you very much.
It looks like Tom doesn't really want this job.
It looks like Tom doesn't think he has a chance to win.
It looks like Tom doesn't want to be here.
It looks like Tom doesn't want to do that.
It looks like Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary.
It looks like Tom fainted.
It looks like Tom forgot to comb his hair.
It looks like Tom forgot to shave this morning.
It looks like Tom gave a lot.
It looks like Tom got sick from eating the spoiled food.
It looks like Tom got what he wanted.
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.
It looks like Tom has a lot of friends.
It looks like Tom has a thing for Mary.
It looks like Tom has already done that.
It looks like Tom has an alibi for the night Mary was murdered.
It looks like Tom has an alibi for the night that Mary was murdered.
It looks like Tom has been careless.
It looks like Tom has been crying.
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.
It looks like Tom has broken a couple of ribs.
It looks like Tom has come back.
It looks like Tom has come.
It looks like Tom has done that already.
It looks like Tom has done that before.
It looks like Tom has done that.
It looks like Tom has done this before.
It looks like Tom has fainted.
It looks like Tom has fallen asleep.
It looks like Tom has fallen back to sleep.
It looks like Tom has fallen down and hurt himself.
It looks like Tom has finally gotten organized.
It looks like Tom has found a girlfriend.
It looks like Tom has found someone else to do that.
It looks like Tom has found someone else to help him.
It looks like Tom has gained a little weight.
It looks like Tom has given up.
It looks like Tom has gotten into the tequila.
It looks like Tom has gotten into trouble.
It looks like Tom has had a few too many drinks.
It looks like Tom has left.
It looks like Tom has lost a button off his shirt.
It looks like Tom has lost a few pounds.
It looks like Tom has lost a little weight.
It looks like Tom has lost some weight.
It looks like Tom has lost something.
It looks like Tom has met his match.
It looks like Tom has missed your cooking.
It looks like Tom has no idea how to do that.
It looks like Tom has packed everything but the kitchen sink.
It looks like Tom has some competition.
It looks like Tom hasn't shaved in a couple days.
It looks like Tom hasn't shaved in a week.
It looks like Tom hasn't slept much either.
It looks like Tom is OK.
It looks like Tom is a little preoccupied.
It looks like Tom is about the start crying.
It looks like Tom is about to burst into tears.
It looks like Tom is about to cry.
It looks like Tom is about to fall asleep.
It looks like Tom is about to start crying.
It looks like Tom is about to throw up.
It looks like Tom is about to vomit.
It looks like Tom is absolutely disgusted.
It looks like Tom is afraid.
It looks like Tom is agitated.
It looks like Tom is alive.
It looks like Tom is alone.
It looks like Tom is already here.
It looks like Tom is amused by what's going on.
It looks like Tom is angry.
It looks like Tom is annoyed.
It looks like Tom is asleep.
It looks like Tom is awake.
It looks like Tom is bad at multiplication.
It looks like Tom is beginning to worry about what might happen.
It looks like Tom is being cooperative.
It looks like Tom is bored.
It looks like Tom is busy right now.
It looks like Tom is busy.
It looks like Tom is by himself.
It looks like Tom is calling for help.
It looks like Tom is cold.
It looks like Tom is concerned.
It looks like Tom is confident.
It looks like Tom is confused.
It looks like Tom is crying.
It looks like Tom is depressed.
It looks like Tom is desperate to do that.
It looks like Tom is desperate to win.
It looks like Tom is desperate.
It looks like Tom is determined to do that.
It looks like Tom is determined to win.
It looks like Tom is disappointed.
It looks like Tom is discouraged.
It looks like Tom is disorganized.
It looks like Tom is distracted.
It looks like Tom is doing that right now.
It looks like Tom is doing that.
It looks like Tom is done.
It looks like Tom is drunk again.
It looks like Tom is drunk.
It looks like Tom is eating right now.
It looks like Tom is embarrassed.
It looks like Tom is enjoying himself.
It looks like Tom is excited.
It looks like Tom is exhausted.
It looks like Tom is falling asleep again.
It looks like Tom is falling asleep.
It looks like Tom is feeling much better today.
It looks like Tom is fine.
It looks like Tom is finished doing that.
It looks like Tom is flirting with Mary.
It looks like Tom is furious.
It looks like Tom is getting pretty drunk.
It looks like Tom is getting ready to leave.
It looks like Tom is getting somewhere.
It looks like Tom is getting tired of doing that.
It looks like Tom is getting tired.
It looks like Tom is going to be early today.
It looks like Tom is going to cry.
It looks like Tom is going to do that.
It looks like Tom is going to fall asleep.
It looks like Tom is going to get into Harvard.
It looks like Tom is going to get married.
It looks like Tom is going to have to spend time in prison.
It looks like Tom is going to lose.
It looks like Tom is going to start crying.
It looks like Tom is going to start working here.
It looks like Tom is going to throw up.
It looks like Tom is going to win.
It looks like Tom is half asleep.
It looks like Tom is happy.
It looks like Tom is having a good time.
It looks like Tom is having a hard time doing that.
It looks like Tom is having a lot of fun.
It looks like Tom is having fun doing that.
It looks like Tom is having fun now.
It looks like Tom is having fun.
It looks like Tom is having trouble doing that.
It looks like Tom is having trouble solving the problem.
It looks like Tom is having trouble.
It looks like Tom is healthy.
It looks like Tom is here.
It looks like Tom is hesitant to do that.
It looks like Tom is high.
It looks like Tom is home.
It looks like Tom is hungry.
It looks like Tom is in love.
It looks like Tom is in trouble.
It looks like Tom is in.
It looks like Tom is innocent.
It looks like Tom is interested.
It looks like Tom is intoxicated.
It looks like Tom is intrigued.
It looks like Tom is jealous.
It looks like Tom is leaving.
It looks like Tom is lonely.
It looks like Tom is mad.
It looks like Tom is miserable.
It looks like Tom is motivated to do that.
It looks like Tom is nervous.
It looks like Tom is organized.
It looks like Tom is out.
It looks like Tom is pleased.
It looks like Tom is prepared to do that.
It looks like Tom is prepared.
It looks like Tom is pretty good at doing that.
It looks like Tom is puzzled.
It looks like Tom is quicker at doing that than Mary.
It looks like Tom is ready for Halloween.
It looks like Tom is ready.
It looks like Tom is really enjoying himself.
It looks like Tom is reluctant to do that.
It looks like Tom is rich.
It looks like Tom is running out of patience.
It looks like Tom is safe.
It looks like Tom is scared.
It looks like Tom is shivering.
It looks like Tom is shy.
It looks like Tom is skeptical.
It looks like Tom is sleeping.
It looks like Tom is sleepy.
It looks like Tom is still embarrassed.
It looks like Tom is still groggy.
It looks like Tom is still there.
It looks like Tom is stoned.
It looks like Tom is suffering from a psychotic disorder.
It looks like Tom is suspicious.
It looks like Tom is tempted to do that.
It looks like Tom is tense.
It looks like Tom is through doing that.
It looks like Tom is tired of doing that.
It looks like Tom is tired.
It looks like Tom is tough.
It looks like Tom is trying to annoy Mary.
It looks like Tom is unable to solve the problem.
It looks like Tom is unconscious.
It looks like Tom is unconvinced.
It looks like Tom is unemployed.
It looks like Tom is unhappy.
It looks like Tom is up to something.
It looks like Tom is up.
It looks like Tom is upset.
It looks like Tom is waiting for somebody.
It looks like Tom is waiting for someone to give him a ride.
It looks like Tom is waiting for someone to help him.
It looks like Tom is waiting for someone.
It looks like Tom is winning.
It looks like Tom is worried.
It looks like Tom isn't alone.
It looks like Tom isn't at home.
It looks like Tom isn't busy right now.
It looks like Tom isn't doing anything right now.
It looks like Tom isn't going to do that.
It looks like Tom isn't going to go to Australia with us.
It looks like Tom isn't going to go to Boston with us.
It looks like Tom isn't going to help us.
It looks like Tom isn't going to win.
It looks like Tom isn't having a good time.
It looks like Tom isn't having any fun.
It looks like Tom isn't having much fun.
It looks like Tom isn't here.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in baseball.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in going with us.
It looks like Tom isn't interested in that.
It looks like Tom isn't very good at dancing.
It looks like Tom isn't very happy.
It looks like Tom just came to cause trouble.
It looks like Tom knows Mary.
It looks like Tom knows what he's doing.
It looks like Tom likes his new job.
It looks like Tom may agree to do that.
It looks like Tom may do that.
It looks like Tom may win.
It looks like Tom might actually graduate this year.
It looks like Tom might be able to do that.
It looks like Tom might be able to win.
It looks like Tom might be confused.
It looks like Tom might be influential.
It looks like Tom might be interested in doing that.
It looks like Tom might be interested.
It looks like Tom might change his mind.
It looks like Tom might come in first.
It looks like Tom might cry.
It looks like Tom might do that.
It looks like Tom might win first prize.
It looks like Tom might win.
It looks like Tom needs to study a little harder.
It looks like Tom only wears expensive clothes.
It looks like Tom really enjoys doing that.
It looks like Tom really likes wine.
It looks like Tom wants to buy everything in the store.
It looks like Tom wants to do that.
It looks like Tom wants to go to bed.
It looks like Tom wants to leave.
It looks like Tom was able to get what he wanted.
It looks like Tom was correct.
It looks like Tom was displeased.
It looks like Tom was mistaken.
It looks like Tom was present at today's meeting.
It looks like Tom was right.
It looks like Tom was shot to death.
It looks like Tom was telling the truth.
It looks like Tom was the first one to do that.
It looks like Tom was wrong.
It looks like Tom went mad.
It looks like Tom will be coming here next month.
It looks like Tom will be early today.
It looks like Tom will be last.
It looks like Tom will be late.
It looks like Tom will be present at tomorrow's meeting.
It looks like Tom will be staying for a while.
It looks like Tom will be the last one to do that.
It looks like Tom will be the next one to do that.
It looks like Tom will be the winner.
It looks like Tom will do that.
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
It looks like Tom will eat the whole thing.
It looks like Tom will get into Harvard.
It looks like Tom will succeed.
It looks like Tom will win.
It looks like Tom won the race.
It looks like Tom won't be do that today.
It looks like Tom won't be here today.
It looks like Tom won't be here tomorrow.
It looks like Tom won't do that.
It looks like Tom won't go to Australia with us.
It looks like Tom won't go to Boston with us.
It looks like Tom won't help us.
It looks like Tom won't win.
It looks like Tom's been a busy man.
It looks like Tom's been busy.
It looks like Tom's shirt needs to be ironed.
It looks like Tom.
It looks like Yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
It looks like Yokkun’s dad ran off with his nursery school teacher.
It looks like Ziri and Rima are back on track.
It looks like Ziri loves Rima's cat a lot.
It looks like a Michelangelo painting.
It looks like a Renaissance painting.
It looks like a UFO.
It looks like a bar.
It looks like a bomb.
It looks like a broken eagle.
It looks like a cactus.
It looks like a camera of some kind.
It looks like a conspiracy against Tom.
It looks like a cow.
It looks like a deer.
It looks like a different planet.
It looks like a dog to me, but Tom thinks it's a fox.
It looks like a dog to me.
It looks like a dog, but I don't think it is.
It looks like a duck.
It looks like a fig tree to me.
It looks like a fig tree to me. It even smells like one.
It looks like a fish bone got stuck in my throat.
It looks like a fox.
It looks like a great day for a picnic.
It looks like a heart attack.
It looks like a house.
It looks like a lot of money is necessary.
It looks like a lot of people have come out to take part in the competition.
It looks like a machine translation.
It looks like a model gun.
It looks like a nice house.
It looks like a nice place to live.
It looks like a partridge.
It looks like a perfect day for a picnic.
It looks like a pigsty here.
It looks like a pigsty in here.
It looks like a poll.
It looks like a scarecrow.
It looks like a shawl for the elderly in that position!
It looks like a shopping bag.
It looks like a slam dunk.
It looks like a snowstorm is coming.
It looks like a stage.
It looks like a storm is brewing.
It looks like a storm is coming.
It looks like a storm is on its way.
It looks like a tadpole.
It looks like a ton of people know her.
It looks like a tornado went over her head, quick give me a hairbrush!
It looks like a tsunami hit here.
It looks like a war zone. What once were emaciated, dehydrated cattle are now rotting corpses, victims of one of the worst droughts in the Garba Tula area of Isiolo South.
It looks like a wedding.
It looks like a wig.
It looks like an alien landscape.
It looks like an antique.
It looks like an apple tree to me.
It looks like an apple.
It looks like an egg.
It looks like an old-fashioned general store.
It looks like an orange.
It looks like arson.
It looks like blood.
It looks like both Tom and John haven't shaved in a couple days.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have been crying.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have gained a little weight.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have left.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have lost a few pounds.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have lost a little weight.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to leave.
It looks like business is good.
It looks like cherry blossom-viewing season is at an end. You can see the petals fluttering down.
It looks like childish handwriting.
