Yanni lives in a historic neighborhood.
Yanni lives in a home of Ben-Hur proportions.
Yanni lives in a hotel.
Yanni lives in a larger apartment.
Yanni lives in a lavish house.
Yanni lives in a lavish mansion in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a little Algerian town.
Yanni lives in a mansion.
Yanni lives in a nearby town.
Yanni lives in a nice area of Algiers.
Yanni lives in a nice neighborhood.
Yanni lives in a palace.
Yanni lives in a peaceful community near Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni lives in a place that has horrible phone reception.
Yanni lives in a place where you can see cows everywhere.
Yanni lives in a pretty quiet neighborhood.
Yanni lives in a pretty rural area.
Yanni lives in a rather large city in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a relatively safe area.
Yanni lives in a relatively small town in the Algerian countryside.
Yanni lives in a remote part of Algeria.
Yanni lives in a remote, desolate area in southern Algeria.
Yanni lives in a rundown apartment in Algiers.
Yanni lives in a rural community in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni lives in a rural community.
Yanni lives in a safe suburb.
Yanni lives in a shady part of town.
Yanni lives in a shitty area of Algiers.
Yanni lives in a sleepy Algerian city.
Yanni lives in a small city in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small desert city in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small sleepy town in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small town in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small town in rural Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small town in the Algerian countryside.
Yanni lives in a small town in the south of Algeria.
Yanni lives in a small town of Algeria with less than 4000 people.
Yanni lives in a small villa in a safe neighborhood in Algiers.
Yanni lives in a somewhat confined area of Algeria.
Yanni lives in a suburb of Boston.
Yanni lives in a suburban neighborhood of Algiers.
Yanni lives in a tiny town in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a top secret location.
Yanni lives in a tough Algiers neighborhood.
Yanni lives in a town with a completely different area code.
Yanni lives in a two-story home in Algiers.
Yanni lives in a very big house.
Yanni lives in a very lavish house.
Yanni lives in a very rural area in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni lives in a very rural area with cattle ranches and not a lot of development.
Yanni lives in a very small town in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a very small town in southern Algeria.
Yanni lives in a very small town of about 4000 people in Algeria.
Yanni lives in a well-lit neighborhood.
Yanni lives in an African country called Algeria.
Yanni lives in an Islamic culture.
Yanni lives in an abandoned house.
Yanni lives in an abandoned maintenance tunnel.
Yanni lives in an amazing world.
Yanni lives in an apartment.
Yanni lives in an area that's very off in the middle of nowhere in southern Algeria.
Yanni lives in an eastern suburb of Algiers.
Yanni lives in another part of this forest.
Yanni lives in barracks.
Yanni lives in fear.
Yanni lives in his native Algiers.
Yanni lives in my house. He lives by my rules.
Yanni lives in northern Algeria.
Yanni lives in northern Japan.
Yanni lives in occupied East Jerusalem.
Yanni lives in one of the poorest cities in northern Algeria.
Yanni lives in one of the worst neighborhoods in Algiers.
Yanni lives in rural Algeria.
Yanni lives in that house.
Yanni lives in the Berber-speaking area of Boumerdes.
Yanni lives in the North African nation of Algeria.
Yanni lives in the basement.
Yanni lives in the capital Algiers.
Yanni lives in the center of Algiers.
Yanni lives in the forest nearby.
Yanni lives in the mountains.
Yanni lives in the north of Algeria.
Yanni lives in the safest place in Algiers anyone could possibly live.
Yanni lives in the same complex as Skura.
Yanni lives in the south of Algeria.
Yanni lives in the western suburbs of Algiers.
Yanni lives in the wilaya of Algiers.
Yanni lives in this hotel.
Yanni lives in this house.
Yanni lives in this part of town.
Yanni lives just a few towns away from Algiers.
Yanni lives just forty kilometers away in Algiers.
Yanni lives life.
Yanni lives near Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni lives near a subway line.
Yanni lives near that road.
Yanni lives near that road. In fact, it was barely a road.
Yanni lives near the bowling alley.
Yanni lives next to a church.
Yanni lives next to a mosque.
Yanni lives not far from Algiers.
Yanni lives on a Navajo reservation.
Yanni lives on campus.
Yanni lives on death row, awaiting his execution.
Yanni lives on the edge of a large lake.
Yanni lives on the fourth floor.
Yanni lives on the other side of the planet.
Yanni lives on the outskirts of Algiers.
Yanni lives outside of Algiers.
Yanni lives really close to a train station.
Yanni lives right next door.
Yanni lives somewhere in eastern Algeria.
Yanni lives there.
Yanni lives two cities away.
Yanni lives two wilayas away.
Yanni lives with his buddy.
Yanni lives with his two parents.
Yanni locked and chained up the door.
Yanni locked himself in Skura's bedroom.
Yanni locked himself in his room.
Yanni locked his car as soon as he closed the door.
Yanni locked his keys in his car.
Yanni locked the door behind him.
Yanni locked the door.
Yanni locked the doors and the windows.
Yanni locked the doors.
Yanni looked Skura dead in the eye and promised her to come back.
Yanni looked Skura up and down.
Yanni looked a little bit older.
Yanni looked all over for Rima.
Yanni looked angry, almost snarling.
Yanni looked around wild-eyed.
Yanni looked around.
Yanni looked as though he had been crying.
Yanni looked at Rima and laughed.
Yanni looked at Rima like she was a weird creature.
Yanni looked at Rima's painting.
Yanni looked at Rima.
Yanni looked at Shira and nodded.
Yanni looked at Skura and started signalling something to her with his hands.
Yanni looked at Skura but he seemed like he was looking through her.
Yanni looked at Skura funny.
Yanni looked at Skura like she grew a second head.
Yanni looked at Skura like she was crazy.
Yanni looked at Skura.
Yanni looked at me.
Yanni looked at that car.
Yanni looked at the cop and smirked.
Yanni looked at the flowers.
Yanni looked at the menu but he didn't order anything.
Yanni looked at the menu.
Yanni looked at the windshield bullseye.
Yanni looked at them.
Yanni looked away.
Yanni looked back and saw Skura.
Yanni looked back at Skura.
Yanni looked behind and saw that Skura was gaining on him.
Yanni looked behind him and saw Skura.
Yanni looked behind him.
Yanni looked closely.
Yanni looked down.
Yanni looked downright terrified.
Yanni looked enraged and dangerous.
Yanni looked familiar.
Yanni looked good.
Yanni looked hungry.
Yanni looked in shape.
Yanni looked in the opposite direction.
Yanni looked in the rear view mirror.
Yanni looked inside his bag.
Yanni looked kind of disconnected from the reality.
Yanni looked kind of flustered.
Yanni looked kind of stupid on TV.
Yanni looked like Robert Redford.
Yanni looked like he had a beard.
Yanni looked like he had seen a ghost.
Yanni looked like he hadn't eaten in days.
Yanni looked like he was deep in thought.
Yanni looked like my dad and also my uncle a little bit.
Yanni looked like some kind of crazy person ready to kill someone.
Yanni looked like trash.
Yanni looked nervous all of a sudden.
Yanni looked offended.
Yanni looked out his window.
Yanni looked out of his window.
Yanni looked over and made eye contact with Skura.
Yanni looked over to Rima.
Yanni looked over.
Yanni looked really confused for a second.
Yanni looked really scared.
Yanni looked really upset.
Yanni looked royally angry at Skura.
Yanni looked sad.
Yanni looked shocked for a moment.
Yanni looked that he was ready to rip Skura's face off.
Yanni looked to Ziri like his father.
Yanni looked under the hood for a little while, then left to get his tools.
Yanni looked up and saw Skura smiling at him.
Yanni looked up and saw a helicopter.
Yanni looked up from his book.
Yanni looked up.
Yanni looked visibly distressed.
Yanni looked younger than Skura.
Yanni looked.
Yanni looks at it differently.
Yanni looks exhausted.
Yanni looks fourteen.
Yanni looks great.
Yanni looks gruff but he's a very nice guy.
Yanni looks just fine.
Yanni looks just like his daddy.
Yanni looks just like his father looked forty years ago.
Yanni looks like Neo from the movie "The Matrix."
Yanni looks like a completely different person.
Yanni looks like a ghost.
Yanni looks like a young Denzel Washington.
Yanni looks like an Algerian guy.
Yanni looks like you.
Yanni looks nice from behind.
Yanni looks nice.
Yanni looks photogenic.
Yanni looks pretty mean.
Yanni looks real good.
Yanni looks so peaceful.
Yanni looks so stupid.
Yanni looks super athletic.
Yanni looks tired.
Yanni loosed up the screws.
Yanni loosened the bolt.
Yanni loses one or two sheep a year to jackals.
Yanni lost Skura's number.
Yanni lost Skura.
Yanni lost a lot more than that.
Yanni lost a lot of things that night.
Yanni lost a piece of himself when he lost Skura.
Yanni lost all his contacts.
Yanni lost all hope.
Yanni lost all of his goats.
Yanni lost both of his jobs.
Yanni lost everything.
Yanni lost forty pounds.
Yanni lost his appetite.
Yanni lost his balance.
Yanni lost his baseball scholarship.
Yanni lost his family.
Yanni lost his father to death and his mother to prison.
Yanni lost his fortune.
Yanni lost his gold chain.
Yanni lost his hamster in the park.
Yanni lost his hard disk.
Yanni lost his house in Algiers.
Yanni lost his identity.
Yanni lost his job as an airline mechanic.
Yanni lost his job in Morocco.
Yanni lost his job.
Yanni lost his legs.
Yanni lost his life for nothing.
Yanni lost his life in a robbery gone bad.
Yanni lost his life in his ill-fated attempt to kill Skura.
Yanni lost his life.
Yanni lost his little sister in the supermarket.
Yanni lost his mind.
Yanni lost his privileges.
Yanni lost his sight.
Yanni lost most of his vocabulary.
Yanni lost that.
Yanni lost the cops.
Yanni lost the screws.
Yanni lost touch with Skura.
Yanni lost track of Skura because she moved to another town.
Yanni lost track of time.
Yanni lost water.
Yanni lost weight.
Yanni loved Algeria.
Yanni loved Algiers.
Yanni loved Skura and supported her.
Yanni loved Skura so much he even had a tattoo of her lips on his left arm.
Yanni loved Skura to death.
Yanni loved Skura with every single bone in his body.
Yanni loved Skura's necklace.
Yanni loved adventure.
Yanni loved anything with cheese on it.
Yanni loved attention.
Yanni loved being with Skura.
Yanni loved everything about Algiers.
Yanni loved fixing things.
Yanni loved food.
Yanni loved it here.
Yanni loved it in Algiers.
Yanni loved life.
Yanni loved national parks so much so that he decided to become a park ranger.
Yanni loved racing.
Yanni loved that mosque.
Yanni loved the hustle and bustle of Algiers.
Yanni loved to be on LSD.
Yanni loved to give his opinion.
Yanni loved to golf.
Yanni loved watching car racing.
Yanni loves Algeria very much.
Yanni loves Algiers already.
Yanni loves Algiers and wouldn't live anywhere else.
Yanni loves Algiers.
Yanni loves Asian girls.
Yanni loves Islam.
Yanni loves Rima in a selfless way.
Yanni loves Rima unconditionally.
Yanni loves Shakespeare.
Yanni loves Skrua's new car.
Yanni loves Skura so much.
Yanni loves Skura too much to leave her.
Yanni loves Skura unbelievably.
Yanni loves Skura with all his heart.
Yanni loves Skura's Kabyle dress.
Yanni loves Skura's car.
Yanni loves Skura's figs.
Yanni loves Skura's kids.
Yanni loves Skura's muffins.
Yanni loves Skura, too.
Yanni loves Yennayer.
Yanni loves all the people he works with.
Yanni loves and respects Rima.
Yanni loves and trusts Rima.
Yanni loves animals.
Yanni loves basketball.
Yanni loves being here.
Yanni loves chocolate.
Yanni loves dark fantasy.
Yanni loves dimmer light switches.
Yanni loves drinking milk.
Yanni loves eating fruit.
Yanni loves eating leftovers.
Yanni loves every neighborhood in Algiers.
Yanni loves figs.
Yanni loves fresh figs.
Yanni loves happy endings.
Yanni loves hearing that.
Yanni loves his daughter Skura.
Yanni loves his daughters.
Yanni loves his family.
Yanni loves his foster parents so much.
Yanni loves his house.
Yanni loves his mom.
Yanni loves his mother.
Yanni loves his new job as a bus driver.
Yanni loves his parents because they are his family but he hates them for what they did to him.
Yanni loves his parents so much.
Yanni loves his sister.
Yanni loves it here.
Yanni loves it in Algeria.
Yanni loves ladies.
Yanni loves languages, especially Arabic and Berber.
Yanni loves leading a double life.
Yanni loves learning.
Yanni loves listening to Skura.
Yanni loves listening to things while he's walking.
Yanni loves me.
Yanni loves painting.
Yanni loves raising his kids in Algiers.
Yanni loves ripe figs.
Yanni loves spending Ramadan in Algeria.
Yanni loves that TV commercial.
Yanni loves that beach.
Yanni loves that guy.
Yanni loves that jacket.
Yanni loves that mosque.
Yanni loves that.
Yanni loves the beach.
Yanni loves the jammy texture of figs.
Yanni loves the library.
Yanni loves the month of Ramadan.
Yanni loves them.
Yanni loves this one.
Yanni loves this position.
Yanni loves this yoga position.
Yanni loves to spend time with Skura's children, but Ziri not so much.
Yanni loves vans.
Yanni loves watching Skura's eyes when she reads.
Yanni loves watching Skura's eyes when she talks.
Yanni loves watching Skura's lips when she speaks.
Yanni loves weird fiction.
Yanni loves you, too.
Yanni lowered his hands.
Yanni lowered his sword.
Yanni lured Skura out of the car.
Yanni made Rima feel bad for what she was experiencing.
Yanni made Rima feel more enthusiastic about life.
Yanni made Rima happy.
Yanni made Rima mentally ill.
Yanni made Skura a basket.
Yanni made Skura a hot cup of cocoa.
Yanni made Skura do crazy things.
Yanni made Skura do things.
Yanni made Skura even more uncomfortable.
Yanni made Skura feel Skura.
Yanni made Skura feel as though she owed him something.
Yanni made Skura feel even more bad for him.
Yanni made Skura feel jealous.
Yanni made Skura feel more lonely.
Yanni made Skura feel she was very important.
Yanni made Skura into a fool.
Yanni made Skura kneel on that mat.
Yanni made Skura laugh.
Yanni made Skura leave.
Yanni made Skura make a mistake.
Yanni made Skura very nervous.
Yanni made Skura's blood run cold.
Yanni made a beeline for the bathroom.
Yanni made a complete fool out of himself.
Yanni made a couple bad decisions.
Yanni made a crucifix out of wood.
Yanni made a decision that nearly cost him his life.
Yanni made a decision to convert to Islam.
Yanni made a deliberate choice to shoot Skura.
Yanni made a documentary about Skura's conversion to Islam.
Yanni made a fateful decision.
Yanni made a few mistakes.
Yanni made a few sales.
Yanni made a flirtatious comment.
Yanni made a good choice.
Yanni made a heroic attempt to get Skura's dog out of the burning house, but he couldn't do that.
Yanni made a horrifying discovery.
Yanni made a list of people that were important to him.
Yanni made a list.
Yanni made a little map of Algiers.
Yanni made a lot of money in Algeria.
Yanni made a map of Algiers.
Yanni made a mistake.
Yanni made a plan to take a road trip across Algeria to Djanet.
Yanni made a really good friend there.
Yanni made a robot for his science project.
Yanni made a split-second decision.
Yanni made a terrible mistake.
Yanni made a todo list.
Yanni made a video on the Algerian economy.
Yanni made a video to tell people about his conversion to Islam.
Yanni made accidental eye contact with Skura.
Yanni made an appointment with his wife.
Yanni made an irrevocable decision to end his affair with Rima.
Yanni made an irrevocable decision.
Yanni made another lesson with that driving teacher.
Yanni made another statement.
Yanni made breakfast.
Yanni made eye contact with Skura.
Yanni made friends with Skura.
Yanni made friends.
Yanni made fun of Skura in a lighthearted way.
Yanni made fun of Skura.
Yanni made himself a nice dinner.
Yanni made himself a turkey sandwich.
Yanni made himself some breakfast.
Yanni made his way to the refrigerator.
Yanni made it back safely.
Yanni made it here.
Yanni made it into the parking lot.
Yanni made it to Algeria.
Yanni made it to the shore.
Yanni made it to the stairs.
Yanni made it to the state championships.
Yanni made it work.
Yanni made it.
Yanni made many enemies at work.
Yanni made no indication he was going to cross the road.
Yanni made no indication he was going to walk out.
Yanni made paintings of flowers.
Yanni made people feel bad for him.
Yanni made physical contact with Skura's body.
Yanni made preparations to return to Algeria.
Yanni made several phone calls.
Yanni made some corn bread the old way.
Yanni made some delicious fig marmalade.
Yanni made some fig jam.
Yanni made some good money in Algeria.
Yanni made some new friends.
Yanni made some videos about the month of Ramadan in Algeria.
Yanni made sure to give Skura a piece of his mind.
Yanni made that mistake.
Yanni made that very clear.
Yanni made the decision.
Yanni made the first move.
Yanni made the right decision moving to Algiers.
Yanni made the trip to Algeria to see his parents.
Yanni made this possible.
Yanni made tons of Muslims friends.
Yanni made up that story.
Yanni made up the whole thing.
Yanni mailed the letter to Skura in Algiers.
Yanni maintained proper following distance.
Yanni makes Skura feel good.
Yanni makes Skura laugh.
Yanni makes Skura sick.
Yanni makes a good living.
Yanni makes baskets from willow rods.
Yanni makes baskets with willow rods.
Yanni makes beautiful baskets.
Yanni makes clear-headed decisions.
Yanni makes fig jam without sugar.
Yanni makes fig preserve with figs, sugar, and water.
Yanni makes four million dinars yearly.
Yanni makes great animal sounds.
Yanni makes mistakes.
Yanni makes traditional sandals and sells them in Algiers.
Yanni makes very simple inventions.
Yanni makes willow baskets.
Yanni managed to catch the water balloon Skura threw at him.
Yanni managed to elude the police for a while.
Yanni managed to fight his assailant off.
Yanni managed to get Skura engaged in the conversation.
Yanni managed to grab the knife from Skura.
Yanni managed to make his way home.
Yanni managed to make it to Algiers in less than four hours.
Yanni managed to recover pretty much everything from Skura's old hard drive.
Yanni managed to sit up.
Yanni managed to squirm out of Skura's grip.
Yanni managed to win some money.
Yanni manipulated Skura into being a killer.
Yanni married Rima to further his career.
Yanni married Skura for her house.
Yanni married Skura very quickly.
Yanni married a blind woman.
Yanni married a punk.
Yanni married an art teacher.
Yanni married for love.
Yanni married his painting instructor.
Yanni married his secretary.
Yanni married one of Ziri's sisters.
Yanni married young.
Yanni mashed the fig pieces with a potato masher.
Yanni massaged Skura's legs.
Yanni masterminded the entire plan.
Yanni matches the description of Skura's killer.
Yanni may be cheating on Skura.
Yanni may be just a kid but he has his pride.
Yanni may have abandonment issues.
Yanni may have known his abductor.
Yanni may have seen Rima that day.
Yanni may have taken the wrong train.
Yanni may need more wire.
Yanni may need some validation.
Yanni may still have feelings for Skura.
Yanni means it.
Yanni means nothing to Rima.
Yanni meant everything to his aging father.
Yanni meditates a lot during Ramadan.
Yanni memorized the Quran.
Yanni mentioned he was single.
Yanni mentioned that during an earlier conversation.
Yanni mentioned that in the letter.
Yanni mentioned that.
Yanni merged gently into the middle lane.
Yanni messaged Skura aggressively.
Yanni messaged Skura in Berber.
Yanni messed up his suicide and he's now in a coma.
Yanni messed up.
Yanni messed with the engine.
Yanni met Rima on Tinder.
Yanni met Rima through a mutual friend.
Yanni met Rima.
Yanni met Skura a couple of times.
Yanni met Skura at a minimart in 2004.
Yanni met Skura at a show.
Yanni met Skura at the car show.
Yanni met Skura at the park.
Yanni met Skura at the supermarket.
Yanni met Skura during his trip to Japan.
Yanni met Skura in Algeria.
Yanni met Skura in his morning Berber class.
Yanni met Skura in the mid-1940s.
Yanni met Skura just before Christmas.
Yanni met Skura on his way to the theater.
Yanni met Skura online.
Yanni met Skura that night.
Yanni met Skura through his friend Ziri.
Yanni met a Muslim.
Yanni met a famous artist named Rima.
Yanni met a girl from the swanky side of town.
Yanni met a girl in high school.
Yanni met a man from Algeria.
Yanni met a very beautiful young lady named Skura.
Yanni met a woman from Algiers.
Yanni met a woman who would change his life for ever.
Yanni met a woman who would change his life forever.
Yanni met and fell in love with an Algerian model.
Yanni met his best friend in a mosque.
Yanni met his father's best friend.
Yanni met his maker in that tunnel.
Yanni met his maker on that road.
Yanni met his neighbor at his doorstep.
Yanni met influential friends in Algiers.
Yanni met many people from Algeria.
Yanni met new and interesting people in Algeria.
Yanni met some really good Muslim friends.
Yanni met somebody new.
Yanni met someone else in Algeria and they ended up falling in love.
Yanni met someone new.
Yanni met someone.
Yanni met up with his sister after the class.
Yanni met with Skura.
Yanni might be attending the wedding.
Yanni might be crossing the line.
Yanni might benefit from this.
Yanni might die in prison.
Yanni might get angry over that.
Yanni might have a crush on Skura.
Yanni might like those t-shirts.
Yanni might win a prize.
Yanni milks his goats by hand twice a day.
Yanni milks his goats twice a day.
Yanni milks his sheep every day.
Yanni milks the cows.
Yanni minimizes that.
Yanni minimizes the impact of his actions.
Yanni miraculously survived the bus accident.
Yanni miraculously survived the tram accident.
Yanni miscalculated his move.
Yanni missed basketball practice.
Yanni missed the bus.
Yanni missed the exit and failed the driving test.
Yanni missed the exit.
Yanni missed the flight.
Yanni missed the pinata.
Yanni missed the train.
Yanni misses Skura so much.
Yanni misses Skura's cooking.
Yanni misses Skura's sandwiches.
Yanni misses Skura.
Yanni misses driving.
Yanni misses his Berber classes.
Yanni misses his daughter.
Yanni mistook Skura for a burglar.
Yanni mixed cement.
Yanni mocks Skura for having anemia.
Yanni mopped the floor with Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni morphed into a threatening figure in Rima's dreams.
Yanni mostly gave up on the idea.
Yanni motioned Skura to open the garage door.
Yanni motioned for Skura to stop walking.
Yanni moved around from foster home to foster home.
Yanni moved back in with his parents.
Yanni moved back in.
Yanni moved back to Algeria.
Yanni moved close to Skura's family in Algiers.
Yanni moved down to Ghardaia for college.
Yanni moved forty miles north to Algiers.
Yanni moved from Bejaia, Algeria, to Ottawa, Canada.
Yanni moved from Tunisia to Algeria back in the 1940s.
Yanni moved from his mother's house.
Yanni moved here from Algeria.
Yanni moved himself into 40 Didouche-Mourad Street, Algiers.
Yanni moved his bed into Skura's bedroom.
Yanni moved his company to Algeria.
Yanni moved his factory to Algeria.
Yanni moved his family and his business to Algeria.
Yanni moved his family away from Algiers and his mistress, Skura.
Yanni moved in with Skura.
Yanni moved into a new house with his girlfriend, Skura.
Yanni moved into a studio in Algiers.
Yanni moved into an old house in Algiers.
Yanni moved into his dream house in 2004.
Yanni moved into his grandparents' home in Algiers.
Yanni moved into his new house in Algiers.
Yanni moved on to the next step.
Yanni moved on with his life.
Yanni moved out of Algeria and started a new life.
Yanni moved out.
Yanni moved over, making room for Skura.
Yanni moved part of his production to Algeria.
Yanni moved quietly.
Yanni moved the box here.
Yanni moved the car into direct sunlight.
Yanni moved the car into the sun.
Yanni moved the car outdoors.
Yanni moved to Algeria against his parents' wishes.
Yanni moved to Algeria and everything was fine.
Yanni moved to Algeria in 2004.
Yanni moved to Algeria with his dad and siblings.
Yanni moved to Algeria.
Yanni moved to Algiers shortly after.
Yanni moved to Algiers to be closer to his job.
Yanni moved to Algiers to live with his older brother, Ziri.
Yanni moved to Algiers when Skura was four months old.
Yanni moved to Bejaia, Algeria, for a girl.
Yanni moved to Skura's building.
Yanni moved to a condo in Algiers.
Yanni moved to a cool part of Algiers.
Yanni moved to a different part of Algiers.
Yanni moved to a small house in Algiers.
Yanni moved to the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Yanni moved to the seat opposite Skura when it was empty.
Yanni moved very quietly in the woods.
Yanni moved.
Yanni mumbled something in what sounded like Berber.
Yanni murdered Skura's brother.
Yanni murdered Skura.
Yanni murdered a hitchhiker.
Yanni murdered his own mother.
Yanni murdered his wife.
Yanni must be Skura's volleyball coach.
Yanni must be a little special to Skura.
Yanni must be good.
Yanni must be mistaken.
Yanni must be one of Skura's children.
Yanni must be overreacting.
Yanni must be there.
Yanni must come see.
Yanni must continue to write.
Yanni must do something about it.
Yanni must go to Rima's art show.
Yanni must have experienced separation from a major attachment figure.
Yanni must have fallen asleep in the mosque.
Yanni must have picked up something from a mosquito bite.
Yanni must have slipped on something.
Yanni mustered up the courage to go upstairs.
Yanni mysteriously disappeared in Canada.
Yanni named Skura's daughter Rima.
Yanni named his camel "Skura."
Yanni named his daughter "Rima."
Yanni named one of the characters Skura.
Yanni nearly dozed off behind the wheel.
Yanni nearly had a heart attack.
Yanni nearly passed out.
Yanni needed Skura.
Yanni needed a kidney.
Yanni needed a ride home.
Yanni needed friends.
Yanni needed medication.
Yanni needed more information on that.
Yanni needed some help.
Yanni needed some money.
Yanni needed somebody to answer the phone, so he hired Skura.
Yanni needed the food processor to make some fig jam.
Yanni needed to find a way to make some cash quickly.
Yanni needed to get that out of his chest.
Yanni needed to go to the grocery store.
Yanni needed to pee.
Yanni needed to put those feelings aside.
Yanni needed to take that left.
Yanni needed to use the bathroom.
Yanni needed to use the restroom.
Yanni needs God in his life.
Yanni needs Skura more than she needs him.
Yanni needs Skura to tell him what's going on.
Yanni needs Skura's cash.
Yanni needs Skura's support.
Yanni needs Skura.
Yanni needs a bucket to milk his goat.
Yanni needs a car.
Yanni needs a circuit tester.
Yanni needs a custom-fit back brace.
Yanni needs a desk.
Yanni needs a friend.
Yanni needs a glass drill bit.
Yanni needs a helmet.
Yanni needs a job.
Yanni needs a ladder to change the light bulb.
Yanni needs a ladder to pick figs.
Yanni needs a little bit more room to work.
Yanni needs a little more practice.
Yanni needs a loyal friend.
Yanni needs a map.
Yanni needs a new bed.
Yanni needs a phone.
Yanni needs a place to live.
Yanni needs a professional website.
Yanni needs a table.
Yanni needs a wise man's opinion.
Yanni needs an automobile in Algeria.
Yanni needs attention.
Yanni needs bigger shoes.
Yanni needs engine oil.
Yanni needs four things in life to be happy: money, women, drugs, and guns.
Yanni needs friends.
Yanni needs good motor oil.
Yanni needs help.
Yanni needs his cash.
Yanni needs his glasses to fix the light switch.
Yanni needs his glasses to unscrew those tiny screws.
Yanni needs honey to make some fig jam.
Yanni needs intensive treatment to save his life.
Yanni needs medication.
Yanni needs more books to learn Berber.
Yanni needs more money.
Yanni needs more oxygen.
Yanni needs more room.
Yanni needs more water balloons.
Yanni needs more wire.
Yanni needs more.
Yanni needs resin to fix a windshield chip.
Yanni needs resin to repair a windshield chip.
Yanni needs several tools to replace the sink faucet.
Yanni needs some glass cleaner to clean his windshield.
Yanni needs some money to buy a new drill.
Yanni needs some paper to soak that glue up.
Yanni needs some paper to soak that resin up.
Yanni needs some resin to fix his cracked windshield.
Yanni needs some time to do this work.
Yanni needs someone to snap him back to reality.
Yanni needs straight answers.
Yanni needs sugar to make some fig jam.
Yanni needs that job.
Yanni needs that money.
Yanni needs that resin to fix a windshield chip.
Yanni needs that van.
Yanni needs the dictionary.
Yanni needs the drill to remove windshield scratches.
Yanni needs the encyclopedia.
Yanni needs the raise.
Yanni needs the sweetest and ripest figs to make fig jam.
Yanni needs them.
Yanni needs this alcohol prep pad to clean the chip in his windshield.
Yanni needs this grinder to remove scratches from his windshield.
Yanni needs this kit to fix a rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni needs this repair kit to fix his chipped windshield.
Yanni needs this resin to fix the crack in his windshield.
Yanni needs this syringe to inject resin into his windshield crack.
Yanni needs to act fast.
Yanni needs to act naturally.
Yanni needs to add a drop of resin here.
Yanni needs to add a few drops of resin here.
Yanni needs to add a few drops of resin in this part of the windshield crack.
Yanni needs to add a few drops of resin on the top of the windshield crack.
Yanni needs to add a few more drops of super glue here.
Yanni needs to add half a quart of oil.
Yanni needs to address the root of the problem.
Yanni needs to air out the room.
Yanni needs to appreciate that.
Yanni needs to approach the problem head-on.
Yanni needs to avoid physical contact with Skura.
Yanni needs to be as specific as possible.
Yanni needs to be at least sixteen to buy alcohol.
Yanni needs to be going home.
Yanni needs to be here.
Yanni needs to be honest through the entire process.
Yanni needs to be more active.
Yanni needs to be more patient.
Yanni needs to be with Rima.
Yanni needs to burst out of his comfort zone.
Yanni needs to buy a new back brace.
Yanni needs to buy a new light bulbs.
Yanni needs to buy a new windshield.
Yanni needs to buy a pair of sneakers.
Yanni needs to call a licensed electrician.
Yanni needs to call for help.
Yanni needs to calm down a bit.
Yanni needs to challenge himself.
Yanni needs to change himself.
Yanni needs to change his approach to marriage.
Yanni needs to change his oil.
Yanni needs to change the front door lock.
Yanni needs to change the light bulb.
Yanni needs to change the oil filter.
Yanni needs to change.
Yanni needs to check his surroundings.
Yanni needs to check on Skura.
Yanni needs to check that out.
Yanni needs to clean his goat's udder before he milks it.
Yanni needs to clean his windshield first.
Yanni needs to clean his windshield.
Yanni needs to clean out any loose glass particles from the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni needs to clean that up.
Yanni needs to clean the udder area of his goat before he milks it.
Yanni needs to commit to this process.
Yanni needs to communicate in Berber.
Yanni needs to communicate this to Rima.
Yanni needs to consider this on a deep level.
Yanni needs to contact a licensed electrician.
Yanni needs to correct that.
Yanni needs to count his blessings.
Yanni needs to create boundaries.
Yanni needs to cut Skura some slack.
Yanni needs to cut this wire.
Yanni needs to deal with criticism.
Yanni needs to deal with judgment.
Yanni needs to develop defense mechanisms.
Yanni needs to dig a little deeper.
Yanni needs to dispose of these light bulbs at an appropriate place.
Yanni needs to do this because he won't regret it.
Yanni needs to do this slowly.
Yanni needs to do this thing properly.
Yanni needs to dress for the job.
Yanni needs to drill deep.
Yanni needs to drink water.
Yanni needs to drive another forty minutes back home.
Yanni needs to drive.
Yanni needs to embrace his married life.
Yanni needs to equip himself to be alone.
Yanni needs to explain to the dentist what happened.
Yanni needs to express his feelings.
Yanni needs to face so many challenges.
Yanni needs to face this brutal reality.
Yanni needs to figure out what kind of cake Rima likes.
Yanni needs to figure out which oil his car takes.
Yanni needs to file a report.
Yanni needs to fill the whole windshield crack with resin.
Yanni needs to find a job.
Yanni needs to find a more permanent place to stay.
Yanni needs to find a new partner.
Yanni needs to find a place to stay.
Yanni needs to find out why.
Yanni needs to find somebody else.
Yanni needs to find somewhere else to sleep.
Yanni needs to finish his report this afternoon.
Yanni needs to fix himself up.
Yanni needs to fix his cracked windshield in the shade.
Yanni needs to fix his windshield crack while the sun is shining.
Yanni needs to fix his windshield cracks in a shaded area.
Yanni needs to fix his windshield properly.
Yanni needs to fix his windshield.
Yanni needs to fix that windshield.
Yanni needs to fix the bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni needs to fix these bullseyes right.
Yanni needs to fix these windshield chips.
Yanni needs to focus more on his Berber studies.
Yanni needs to focus on his studies.
Yanni needs to get Skura a job.
Yanni needs to get Skura to her destination.
Yanni needs to get his life organized.
Yanni needs to get his teeth checked.
Yanni needs to get more water.
Yanni needs to get over his fear of abandonment.
Yanni needs to get over that situation.
Yanni needs to get rid of this junk.
Yanni needs to get right into the story.
Yanni needs to get the correct filter for his car.
Yanni needs to get the oil filter off.
Yanni needs to give his windshield a wipe.
Yanni needs to give it time.
Yanni needs to go and talk to the PD.
Yanni needs to go and talk to the police department.
Yanni needs to go back to the very beginning.
Yanni needs to go feed his dog.
Yanni needs to go grab something in his room.
Yanni needs to go to bed.
Yanni needs to go to the library tomorrow.
Yanni needs to go to the mosque.
Yanni needs to go to the sumermarket.
Yanni needs to go upstairs to change.
Yanni needs to hire a bodyguard because he is in danger.
Yanni needs to implement that in his life.
Yanni needs to implement those tips.
Yanni needs to improve his fluency in Berber.
Yanni needs to improve his skills.
Yanni needs to increase his awareness.
Yanni needs to invest in that relationship.
Yanni needs to invite change into his marriage.
Yanni needs to jump higher.
Yanni needs to jump into the story.
Yanni needs to keep an eye out for that.
Yanni needs to keep his body healthy.
Yanni needs to keep his workers safe.
Yanni needs to keep in mind this story.
Yanni needs to keep this story in mind.
Yanni needs to know for sure.
Yanni needs to know that intuitively.
Yanni needs to know that.
Yanni needs to learn Berber, too.
Yanni needs to learn how to better manage his fears.
Yanni needs to learn how to control his sons.
Yanni needs to learn how to manage his fears.
Yanni needs to learn more about Muslim holidays.
Yanni needs to learn to question his thoughts.
Yanni needs to leave Skura.
Yanni needs to leave that terrible part of his life behind him.
Yanni needs to leave town.
Yanni needs to leave.
Yanni needs to let the resin dry.
Yanni needs to let the resin harden.
Yanni needs to look into the matter.
Yanni needs to look like a bad boy.
Yanni needs to make a few changes.
Yanni needs to make his intros shorter and jump into his stories.
Yanni needs to make it happen.
Yanni needs to make it plain for Skura.
Yanni needs to make sure Skura is alive.
Yanni needs to make the first move.
Yanni needs to make time for Skura.
Yanni needs to move on to the next step.
Yanni needs to move on.
Yanni needs to move past Skura.
Yanni needs to navigate his children through adolescence successfully.
Yanni needs to nip that in the bud.
Yanni needs to open the door.
Yanni needs to open up to some friend.
Yanni needs to overcome his fears.
Yanni needs to pause and take a breather.
Yanni needs to pay close attention to that.
Yanni needs to persevere to succeed in life.
Yanni needs to practice today after school.
Yanni needs to prepare himself.
Yanni needs to prepare his body for that.
Yanni needs to prepare these vines to weave baskets.
Yanni needs to preserve his figs.
Yanni needs to prevent the crack in his windshield from spreading.
Yanni needs to produce accounting statements for his business operations in Algeria.
Yanni needs to protect Rima.
Yanni needs to protect his eyes.
Yanni needs to protect his marriage from infidelity.
Yanni needs to protect his relationship from infidelity.
Yanni needs to push down.
Yanni needs to put a little bit resin into the windshield crack.
Yanni needs to reapply some resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni needs to recognize those feelings.
Yanni needs to reconstruct his life.
Yanni needs to reinstall the light switch.
Yanni needs to relax.
Yanni needs to remember these four things.
Yanni needs to reminds himself that he belongs solely to his wife.
Yanni needs to remove all these wires.
Yanni needs to remove some scratching on the windshield.
Yanni needs to remove these scratches from the windshield.
Yanni needs to remove these wires.
Yanni needs to repair his windshield again.
Yanni needs to repair his windshield.
Yanni needs to repair these windshield chips to prevent them from spreading.
Yanni needs to repeat the same process.
Yanni needs to replace his windshield.
Yanni needs to replace the basin mixer this afternoon.
Yanni needs to replace the light switch.
Yanni needs to replace this basin mixer.
Yanni needs to resist his sinful temptation.
Yanni needs to resist this temptations.
Yanni needs to rest.
Yanni needs to review sections three and four for the test.
Yanni needs to save more money.
Yanni needs to say goodbye to his PS2.
Yanni needs to scrape the resin with a razor blade at a ninety degree angle.
Yanni needs to scrape the resin.
Yanni needs to scrape up that resin.
Yanni needs to see Skura now.
Yanni needs to see those signs.
Yanni needs to seek treatment.
Yanni needs to send his children to school.
Yanni needs to set up a company in Algeria.
Yanni needs to show Skura he means business.
Yanni needs to show respect towards his wife.
Yanni needs to shut off the power to change the light switch.
Yanni needs to sign the check personally.
Yanni needs to sit down.
Yanni needs to sleep.
Yanni needs to soak these reeds to weave his basket.
Yanni needs to solve this problem.
Yanni needs to speak naturally.
Yanni needs to spend a little more time in Japan.
Yanni needs to spend less time on coffee breaks.
Yanni needs to spend time with his wife.
Yanni needs to spray his goat's udder with antibacterial spray to clean it.
Yanni needs to start speaking Berber.
Yanni needs to stay out of Skura's dating life.
Yanni needs to stay over.
Yanni needs to stay positive.
Yanni needs to stick to that.
Yanni needs to stick to the rules.
Yanni needs to stop all contact with Rima.
Yanni needs to stop arguing with Skura about that.
Yanni needs to stop blowing money.
Yanni needs to stop cheating on Skura.
Yanni needs to stop cheating on his wife.
Yanni needs to stop himself from cheating.
Yanni needs to stop pushing people away.
Yanni needs to stop putting himself down so much.
Yanni needs to stop that before it starts.
Yanni needs to stop that.
Yanni needs to stop the crack in his windshield from going any further.
Yanni needs to stop this before it starts.
Yanni needs to stop this flirting.
Yanni needs to stop.
Yanni needs to study Berber.
Yanni needs to swim across the river.
Yanni needs to take a break.
Yanni needs to take a breath.
Yanni needs to take a long detour.
Yanni needs to take a look at his marriage.
Yanni needs to take a look at that.
Yanni needs to take all those stickers off.
Yanni needs to take an irrevocable decision.
Yanni needs to take classes to drive this vehicle.
Yanni needs to take cover.
Yanni needs to take his car to a professional to fix the ugly bullseye he has in his windshield.
Yanni needs to take things more seriously.
Yanni needs to talk to Rima for a minute.
Yanni needs to talk to his dad.
Yanni needs to talk to his parents.
Yanni needs to talk to mom and dad.
Yanni needs to talk to you.
Yanni needs to tell someone about that.
Yanni needs to think about it.
Yanni needs to think quickly.
Yanni needs to tighten those bolts.
Yanni needs to tighten those screws.
Yanni needs to trust me.
Yanni needs to try again.
Yanni needs to try new things.
Yanni needs to try one more time.
Yanni needs to try.
Yanni needs to turn off the power.
Yanni needs to understand that.
Yanni needs to understand why.
Yanni needs to understand.
Yanni needs to unleash the full weight of his creativity.
Yanni needs to unscrew those wires.
Yanni needs to use his skills.
Yanni needs to use this to his advantage.
Yanni needs to visit his uncle.
Yanni needs to wait five to ten minutes.
Yanni needs to wait ten minutes.
Yanni needs to wait twenty minutes for the resin to cure.
Yanni needs to wait.
Yanni needs to walk away for a minute.
Yanni needs to walk there.
Yanni needs to wash his hands properly.
Yanni needs to wash his hands, first.
Yanni needs to wash his hands.
Yanni needs to wash his windshield.
Yanni needs to watch his steps.
Yanni needs to work on his marriage.
Yanni needs wash rags to wash his goat's teats.
Yanni negatively looked at his marriage relationship.
Yanni neglected to tell Skura that it started to rain.
Yanni neither forgives nor forgets.
Yanni never accepted that his son was a killer.
Yanni never accepted that.
Yanni never actually said he was Skura's dad.
Yanni never adds sugar to his fig jam.
Yanni never again came to that coffee shop.
Yanni never agreed.
Yanni never answered the door.
Yanni never belonged in Bejaia.
Yanni never booked in or stayed at our hotel.
Yanni never bought expensive clothes.
Yanni never buys bayonet light bulbs.
Yanni never called Skura again.
Yanni never called back.
Yanni never called.
Yanni never calls Skura that.
Yanni never came back.
Yanni never came out.
Yanni never cared at all what he wore.
Yanni never caused Skura any trouble.
Yanni never changed.
Yanni never committed any serious crimes.
Yanni never complained about that.
Yanni never considered a divorce.
Yanni never cries.
Yanni never dances at parties.
Yanni never dances.
Yanni never dated Rima's friend.
Yanni never dated Rima.
Yanni never dated in Algeria.
Yanni never dates.
Yanni never denied that fact.
Yanni never did such a thing.
Yanni never discusses negative feelings with Skura.
Yanni never discusses politics with his wife.
Yanni never discusses religion with his girlfriend.
Yanni never does that.
Yanni never drank anything.
Yanni never drinks alcohol.
Yanni never drove that car.
Yanni never eats fresh figs.
Yanni never eats junk food during Ramadan.
Yanni never eats leftovers.
Yanni never eats out.
Yanni never expected that to happen to him.
Yanni never expected that.
Yanni never expected to hear from Skura again.
Yanni never expected to see Rima there.
Yanni never experienced that.
Yanni never explains where he goes during his absences.
Yanni never felt good in that mansion.
Yanni never felt valued.
Yanni never figured out what he lost.
Yanni never flirts.
Yanni never forgets.
Yanni never found Skura.
Yanni never found out who did that.
Yanni never found out who that man was.
Yanni never fraternizes with his bosses.
Yanni never gave Rima love or praise.
Yanni never gave Skura a chance.
Yanni never gave it a second thought.
Yanni never gave me Skura's name.
Yanni never gives discounts.
Yanni never goes over eighty kilometers an hour.
Yanni never goes to that mosque.
Yanni never got a call from Skura again.
Yanni never got a fair trial.
Yanni never got a reply from Skura.
Yanni never got physical. He just yelled.
Yanni never got serious about Skura.
Yanni never got the chance to do that.
Yanni never got the chance to read Skura's report.
Yanni never had a choice.
Yanni never had a speeding ticket.
Yanni never had the chance to grieve and heal from his relationship with Skura.
Yanni never heard from that man again.
Yanni never helps Skura.
Yanni never hid that from Skura.
Yanni never holds his kids.
Yanni never hugged Skura.
Yanni never implicated himself in the murder of his wife and child.
Yanni never initiates conversations.
Yanni never kissed Skura.
Yanni never knew Skura was pregnant.
Yanni never laughed.
Yanni never learned Berber.
Yanni never learns.
Yanni never let Rima go out again.
Yanni never let Skura out of his sight.
Yanni never lets Skura out of his sight.
Yanni never liked that job.
Yanni never looks at Rima's pictures too long.
Yanni never loses.
Yanni never lost hope.
Yanni never misses a Friday prayer.
Yanni never misses an opportunity to see Skura.
Yanni never needed a kidney.
Yanni never opened an account in Algeria.
Yanni never paid money for that.
Yanni never picked up Skura.
Yanni never played a trick on Skura.
Yanni never pressed charges.
Yanni never questioned that.
Yanni never questioned what Skura did.
Yanni never quits.
Yanni never read that note.
Yanni never reads.
Yanni never really adjusted to Catholicism.
Yanni never really drove on that road.
Yanni never really liked cats that much.
Yanni never really took responsibility for the role that he played in the robbery.
Yanni never really wanted to grow up.
Yanni never really wanted to leave Skura alone.
Yanni never regretted staying in Algeria.
Yanni never replies.
Yanni never returned to Algiers.
Yanni never returned to that restaurant.
Yanni never rode my bus before.
Yanni never runs out of things to say.
Yanni never runs out of things to tell his wife.
Yanni never said he didn't do it.
Yanni never said something good about Skura's success.
Yanni never said that.
Yanni never saw Skura actually do any work the whole time she was there.
Yanni never saw Skura again.
Yanni never saw Skura look so angry.
Yanni never saw anything.
Yanni never saw that man again.
Yanni never saw this coming.
Yanni never says never.
Yanni never says something good about Skura's progress.
Yanni never sees figs in grocery stores.
Yanni never sent letters.
Yanni never set foot on Skura's property.
Yanni never shared that with Rima.
Yanni never shaves.
Yanni never showed any emotion.
Yanni never showed any real emotion.
Yanni never showed up to sign.
Yanni never showed up.
Yanni never slept in class.
Yanni never slept in that house.
Yanni never speaks up for himself when others treat him badly.
Yanni never spent money on games.
Yanni never spoke to Rima again.
Yanni never spoke to his biological dad.
Yanni never spoke up for himself.
Yanni never stores anything in those cabinets.
Yanni never subscribed to Skura's YouTube channel.
Yanni never swears.
Yanni never take that main road home again.
Yanni never talks about Rima.
Yanni never talks about Skura behind her back.
Yanni never talks about them.
Yanni never talks to homeless people.
Yanni never talks to strangers.
Yanni never testified and he took every secret he had to the grave.
Yanni never threatened anyone.
Yanni never threw that book away.
Yanni never threw those magazines away.
Yanni never throws his burnt-out light bulbs out.
Yanni never told Skura.
Yanni never told anybody about what happened.
Yanni never told his parents.
Yanni never took credit for that.
Yanni never touched Skura's hand.
Yanni never touched Skura.
Yanni never touched his lunch.
Yanni never touches Rima.
Yanni never touches his face.
Yanni never treated Skura well.
Yanni never tried to get help.
Yanni never tried to hide his infidelity.
Yanni never tried to hug or kiss Skura.
Yanni never tried to kill himself.
Yanni never tried to kiss Skura.
Yanni never tries clothes on.
Yanni never tries to impress Skura.
Yanni never trusts anyone.
Yanni never turns the lights on in the bathroom.
Yanni never used those coupons.
Yanni never uses Berber at home.
Yanni never uses a back brace.
Yanni never uses bayonet light bulbs.
Yanni never uses bleach to wash his goat's udder.
Yanni never uses bleach to wash his hands.
Yanni never uses cheap materials in order to fix his windshield.
Yanni never uses cheap resin to fix cracks in his windshield.
Yanni never uses that phone.
Yanni never uses this light switch.
Yanni never uses those coupons.
Yanni never uses windshield repair kits.
Yanni never vandalized someone else's car.
Yanni never visited Skura.
Yanni never walks dangerous routes.
Yanni never washes his hands.
Yanni never washes his shopping bags.
Yanni never went to jail.
Yanni never went to that store again.
Yanni never went to the mosque again.
Yanni never went to the mosque.
Yanni never worked.
Yanni never works at night.
Yanni never works.
Yanni never wrote.
Yanni never, ever left Algeria.
Yanni no longer considers Skura a friend.
Yanni no longer considers Skura a friend. In fact, quite the opposite.
Yanni no longer goes to that mosque.
Yanni no longer has to worry about that.
Yanni no longer lives in Algiers.
Yanni no longer needs a back brace.
Yanni no longer spends time with Rima.
Yanni no longer takes Berber classes.
Yanni nodded yes.
Yanni noticed Skura doing that.
Yanni noticed Skura looking at him.
Yanni noticed Skura sleeping in class.
Yanni noticed Skura's flaws.
Yanni noticed Skura's shaken-up mood.
Yanni noticed Skura's vehicle.
Yanni noticed Skura.
Yanni noticed a bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni noticed a car following him.
Yanni noticed a chain of mountains out on the horizon.
Yanni noticed a complete change in Skura.
Yanni noticed a homeless man sitting on a bench outside the mosque.
Yanni noticed a man standing in the middle of the road.
Yanni noticed a woman sitting there.
Yanni noticed footprints in the snow.
Yanni noticed he's been losing his hair.
Yanni noticed new tire tracks in the snow.
Yanni noticed some cracks in his windshield.
Yanni noticed something strange.
Yanni noticed that Skura was acting a bit strange.
Yanni noticed that the garage door was slightly ajar.
Yanni noticed that the garage door was wide open.
Yanni noticed the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni noticed the dead-end sign but he continued to drive.
Yanni noticed the pool of blood under Rima's head.
Yanni noticed the rocking chair going back and forth.
Yanni noticed the sound of something following him.
Yanni noticed this.
Yanni now lives in Algeria.
Yanni obviously loved it.
Yanni occasionally gets messages from Skura.
Yanni occasionally stops by.
Yanni occasionally works there.
Yanni offered Skura a cigarette.
Yanni offered Skura a reward.
Yanni offered Skura his condolences.
Yanni offered Skura iced tea.
Yanni offered his condolences to Skura.
Yanni offered his neighbors access to four acres of land.
Yanni offered no resistance.
Yanni offered the hitchhiker a beer.
Yanni offered to drive Skura to Algiers.
Yanni offered to let Skura join his trip.
Yanni offered to look at Skura's engine.
Yanni often slept outside.
Yanni often threw parties at his home.
Yanni often washes his hands.
Yanni only became a Muslim in April.
Yanni only cares about himself.
Yanni only focuses on Skura's flaws.
Yanni only grows fresh figs.
Yanni only has twenty minutes to get to work.
Yanni only has two neighbors.
Yanni only knew a little bit of Berber when he arrived in Algeria.
Yanni only knew dirty jokes in Berber.
Yanni only paid four hundred dinars.
Yanni only paints on days when the weather is beautiful.
Yanni only speaks Berber with his parents.
Yanni only spends time with his son.
Yanni only stayed a little while.
Yanni only visits countries where Muslim visitors feel welcome.
Yanni only wanted sex from Skura.
Yanni oozed authority.
Yanni oozed manhood.
Yanni opened Skura the door.
Yanni opened Skype.
Yanni opened a factory in northern Algeria.
Yanni opened his Facebook.
Yanni opened his book to a bookmark and started reading.
Yanni opened his eyes and saw Skura.
Yanni opened his eyes and there was no one there.
Yanni opened his first martial arts school in Algeria.
Yanni opened his phone flashlight.
Yanni opened his pocket knife.
Yanni opened his trunk and started rummaging around.
Yanni opened the Quran to a random page.
Yanni opened the back door.
Yanni opened the bathroom door.
Yanni opened the car door and got in.
Yanni opened the car door.
Yanni opened the door a tiny bit.
Yanni opened the door and flipped on the light.
Yanni opened the door and he was greeted by Skura's cat.
Yanni opened the door and slammed it back shut.
Yanni opened the door and turned on the light.
Yanni opened the door as fast as he could.
Yanni opened the door just a crack.
Yanni opened the door that connected the house to the laundry room.
Yanni opened the door to Skura's car and stepped inside slowly.
Yanni opened the door to his Toyota.
Yanni opened the door.
Yanni opened the drawer and saw there was a gun in it.
Yanni opened the fridge.
Yanni opened the front door.
Yanni opened the garage door.
Yanni opened the heavy wooden door.
Yanni opened the refrigerator for light.
Yanni opened the safe.
Yanni opened three or four photos on Skura's phone.
Yanni opened up a private hospital in Algeria.
Yanni opened up a strange conversation with Skura.
Yanni opened up and started talking.
Yanni opened up his umbrella.
Yanni opened up old wounds and Skura didn't like it one bit.
Yanni opened up the box.
Yanni opened up the repair kit.
Yanni openly continued his affair with Skura.
Yanni openly continued his affair.
Yanni openly expressed his desire to kill Skura.
Yanni openly shows his attraction to Skura.
Yanni orally recited the story to his younger brothers.
Yanni ordered Skura to get out.
Yanni ordered Skura to get undressed.
Yanni ordered Skura to pull over.
Yanni ordered a drink.
Yanni ordered a friend chicken sandwich.
Yanni ordered a pizza.
Yanni ordered food.
Yanni ordered massive quantities of ant poison.
Yanni ordered some champagne.
Yanni ordered some food.
Yanni ordered some ice cream.
Yanni ordered some spicy rice.
Yanni ordered some tacos.
Yanni ordered the champagne for him and his mistress.
Yanni originally came from Algeria.
Yanni out four drops of resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni outran Skura.
Yanni overdosed.
Yanni overfilled the bottle.
Yanni overheard the conversation.
Yanni overreacted.
Yanni overtightened the bolt.
Yanni overtook a truck on the highway.
Yanni owed Skura money.
Yanni owes Skura big.
Yanni owes Skura forty thousand dinars.
Yanni owes me rent.
Yanni owned a significant sum of money.
Yanni owns 40 acres in Algeria.
Yanni owns a big house.
Yanni owns a burger place in Algiers.
Yanni owns a company in Algiers.
Yanni owns a handful of goats.
Yanni owns a hotel in Algeria.
Yanni owns a house in Algeria.
Yanni owns a local auto body shop.
Yanni owns a new home in Algiers.
Yanni owns a small mountain cabin there.
Yanni owns about 4000 acres there.
Yanni owns an Internet cafe in Japan.
Yanni owns an auto parts company.
Yanni owns firms in Algeria.
Yanni owns one of the most famous restaurants in the whole of Algiers.
Yanni packed everything up.
Yanni packed his bags and hit home to Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni packed his bags and left his wife and four daughters.
Yanni packed his bags and left.
Yanni packed his bags and moved four hours away to Algiers to take care of his mother.
Yanni packed his bags.
Yanni packed his things and moved out the following weekend.
Yanni packed up his bags.
Yanni packed up the whole camp site.
Yanni paged through Skura's notebook.
Yanni paid 40,000 dinars as part of the divorce settlement.
Yanni paid Rima an unexpected visit.
Yanni paid Skura back.
Yanni paid Skura for the work she had done.
Yanni paid Skura four thousand dinars for a simple ride.
Yanni paid Skura four thousand dinars.
Yanni paid Skura this morning.
Yanni paid a ticket for speeding.
Yanni paid attention to how often Skura initiated conversations.
Yanni paid attention to that.
Yanni paid attention to this.
Yanni paid attention.
Yanni paid for Skura's money.
Yanni paid for that bottle.
Yanni paid for the popcorn.
Yanni paid that no mind.
Yanni paid the bill.
Yanni paid the bills.
Yanni paid them.
Yanni paid.
Yanni painted a family portrait.
Yanni painted a masterpiece.
Yanni painted a picture of Algiers.
Yanni painted a picture of Jesus last week.
Yanni painted a picture of Jesus.
Yanni painted a picture of himself.
Yanni painted a portrait of his brother.
Yanni painted flowers that looked like vaginas.
Yanni painted his emotions.
Yanni painted sad characters.
Yanni panicked like a wolf in a snare.
Yanni panicked.
Yanni parked and got out of his car.
Yanni parked his camper near the mosque.
Yanni parked his car and entered the mall.
Yanni parked his car by a rundown church.
Yanni parked his car in a shaded area.
Yanni parked his car in the driveway.
Yanni parked his car there.
Yanni parked the car away from the lights.
Yanni parked the car in the driveway, the engine still running.
Yanni parked the trailer there.
Yanni parked there.
Yanni participated in a marathon.
Yanni passed Skura's house.
Yanni passed away about a year ago.
Yanni passed away quickly.
Yanni passed away.
Yanni passed by his middle school.
Yanni passed by the creepy forest.
Yanni passed from cancer in 2004.
Yanni passed his driving test around April.
Yanni passed his driving test.
Yanni passed his first driving test in April.
Yanni passed his first driving test.
Yanni passed out asleep on his bed.
Yanni passed out from the pain.
Yanni passed out in bed.
Yanni passed out in front of the TV.
Yanni passed the following month.
Yanni passed the quiz with flying colors.
Yanni passed through a rural town in northern Algeria.
Yanni passed two mosques on the street.
Yanni passed under the bridge.
Yanni passed us.
Yanni patiently conducted a long-distance courtship with Skura.
Yanni paused and listened.
Yanni paused the video.
Yanni pays bills.
Yanni pays his bills on time.
Yanni pays his bills.
Yanni pays his taxes.
Yanni pays the bills.
Yanni peed his pants on the plane.
Yanni peed on the floor in front of Skura.
Yanni peeked through the drapes.
Yanni peeked through the view hole.
Yanni peeled away the sticker.
Yanni peeled away the sticky tape.
Yanni peeled away the tape.
Yanni peeled off the sticker.
Yanni peeled the figs.
Yanni peeled the sticker off.
Yanni penned the document in his own handwriting.
Yanni performed his shahada and became a Muslim.
Yanni performs a lot of maintenance jobs around the base camp.
Yanni perked up when he heard Skura's voice.
Yanni persuaded Skura to do that.
Yanni phoned the police.
Yanni photographed the tire marks.
Yanni picked Rima up outside a casino.
Yanni picked Rima up.
Yanni picked Skura as his partner.
Yanni picked Skura up downtown.
Yanni picked Skura up from school.
Yanni picked Skura up from the gym.
Yanni picked Skura up in a bar.
Yanni picked Skura up.
Yanni picked a rock up.
Yanni picked a spot to camp.
Yanni picked big figs.
Yanni picked his old job back up.
Yanni picked hundreds of fresh figs.
Yanni picked me up from school.
Yanni picked ripe figs.
Yanni picked some fresh figs from his garden.
Yanni picked strangers up.
Yanni picked the figs at the right time.
Yanni picked the figs just as they started to ripen.
Yanni picked the newspaper up and started reading it.
Yanni picked the phone up and examined it.
Yanni picked them up.
Yanni picked these figs yesterday.
Yanni picked these gorgeous figs.
Yanni picked those guys up.
Yanni picked unripe figs.
Yanni picked up Skura's dad.
Yanni picked up a complete stranger.
Yanni picked up a huge stick to defend himself.
Yanni picked up a piece of wood.
Yanni picked up his daughter.
Yanni picked up hitchhiker and took them wherever they wanted to go.
Yanni picked way more than four pounds of figs.
Yanni piled all the dishes in the sink.
Yanni pisses in a bucket.
Yanni placed the jack under the car.
Yanni placed the jack underneath the vehicle.
Yanni placed the light bulb into the hole and screwed it in.
Yanni placed the new sink in the kitchen.
Yanni placed the oil catch can under the car.
Yanni planned his bank robberies like class assignments.
Yanni planned his bank robbery like a high school musical.
Yanni planned on leaving and driving back to Algiers.
Yanni planned to kill Skura.
Yanni planned to spend the next day in town.
Yanni plans to replace the basin mixer this afternoon.
Yanni planted a fig tree in his yard.
Yanni planted a fig tree in the backyard.
Yanni planted his ass down in Skura's chair.
Yanni planted his bottom down on that bench.
Yanni planted the seeds.
Yanni planted this fig tree fourteen years ago.
Yanni played Skura and Nuja against each other.
Yanni played Xbox.
Yanni played a love song.
Yanni played basketball.
Yanni played chess.
Yanni played golf.
Yanni played on his laptop to unwind.
Yanni played on his phone.
Yanni played some games on his Playstation.
Yanni played some games on his Xbox.
Yanni played some games on his computer.
Yanni played some games on his console.
Yanni played some games on his iPhone.
Yanni played some games on his phone.
Yanni played some games on his smartphone.
Yanni played that game.
Yanni played that sound off as his imagination.
Yanni played video games.
Yanni played with Skura's robot.
Yanni played with Ziri's toys.
Yanni plays a video game.
Yanni plays chess.
Yanni plays guitar.
Yanni plays native Berber music.
Yanni plays on our school's basketball team.
Yanni plays too much.
Yanni plays video games.
Yanni plays well.
Yanni pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
Yanni pleaded with Skura to put the gun down.
Yanni pleased guilty for a lesser sentence: life in prison without a chance of parole.
Yanni pled guilty for first degree murder and received life.
Yanni pled guilty to first degree murder and got life.
Yanni pled non-guilty by reason of insanity.
Yanni pled with Skura to leave Ziri.
Yanni plotted to kill his own parents.
Yanni pointed forward.
Yanni pointed in another direction from which Skura had walked.
Yanni pointed the gun at his pregnant wife.
Yanni pointed the shotgun at Skura.
Yanni pointed to a small hole in the dirt.
Yanni pointed to the back seat.
Yanni poisoned Skura's dog.
Yanni poisoned himself with a bottle of bleach.
Yanni poked Skura up with his walking stick.
Yanni poked at the dead bear with his rifle.
Yanni politely declined.
Yanni politely said goodbye and left.
Yanni popped his head in the shower and started staring at Skura's naked body.
Yanni popped his head out of the shower and asked Skura to bring him a towel.
Yanni popped open his truck.
Yanni posted a tweet that his life was under threat from the government.
Yanni posted that comment on YouTube.
Yanni posted that on social media.
Yanni posts a lot of pictures on social media.
Yanni posts a new video every Thursday.
Yanni pounded on the door.
Yanni poured a bit more of that milk.
Yanni poured his drink into another bottle.
Yanni poured hot water over his windshield to defrost it.
Yanni practically swallowed the sandwich whole.
Yanni practised Islam at home.
Yanni praised Skura.
Yanni prayed asr.
Yanni prayed duhr.
Yanni prayed for Skura.
Yanni prayed in bed.
Yanni prayed maghrib.
Yanni prayed over Skura.
Yanni prayed so fervently.
Yanni prayed the maghrib prayer.
Yanni prays as much as he can.
Yanni prays at the mosque.
Yanni prays five times a day.
Yanni prays for Skura.
Yanni prays his prayers on time.
Yanni prays the fajr prayer every morning.
Yanni prays to God.
Yanni preferred to deal with his grief more privately.
Yanni prefers chocolate chip cookies.
Yanni prefers cookies.
Yanni prefers regular light switches.
Yanni prefers to put his genitals into whores.
Yanni prefers to text than to talk on the phone.
Yanni prefers to weave baskets with bark.
Yanni prefers to work in the shade.
Yanni prepared Skura for her Berber exam.
Yanni prepared for fatherhood.
Yanni prepared the figs to make some fig jam.
Yanni prepared the figs.
Yanni prepared to move back east to Mila.
Yanni prepares food at home.
Yanni pressed his head over Skura's heart and listened.
Yanni pressed the button.
Yanni pressed the edge of the glass to his lips.
Yanni pressed the sticker down on all sides.
Yanni pressed this button.
Yanni pretended that he didn't understand Berber.
Yanni pretended that he was drinking.
Yanni pretended that he was going to buy something.
Yanni pretended to be a gentleman and a family man and he was anything but.
Yanni pretty much kept to himself.
Yanni prevented Skura from having a boyfriend.
Yanni prides himself on his appearance.
Yanni pried the rusted door open.
Yanni probably didn't cry.
Yanni probably didn't really know Skura.
Yanni probably doesn't realize this.
Yanni probably has a wife and children.
Yanni probably knows Skura.
Yanni probably should have called the police as soon as he heard that noise.
Yanni proceeded to his next exercise.
Yanni proceeded to kiss Skura on the mouth.
Yanni proceeded to say something in Berber, but Skura couldn't understand.
Yanni procrastinates eternally.
Yanni produced forty-four works.
Yanni produced this film.
Yanni promised Skura a better life.
Yanni promised Skura a lunch.
Yanni promised Skura a trip around the amusement park.
Yanni promised Skura he would do that.
Yanni promised Skura he wouldn't tell anyone.
Yanni promised Skura he'll find a job.
Yanni promised Skura that he wasn't going to that rap concert.
Yanni promised Skura that.
Yanni promised Skura the future.
Yanni promised Skura the good life.
Yanni promised Skura.
Yanni promised he wouldn't gamble.
Yanni promised himself 2021 would be the year he learns Berber.
Yanni promised himself this year would be the year he would be more productive.
Yanni promised not to provoke Skura.
Yanni promised to speak to us only if he remained anonymous.
Yanni promised.
Yanni proposed to Skura and she said yes.
Yanni propositioned a threesome to Skura.
Yanni protected Skura.
Yanni proved Rima that he could change.
Yanni proved he was a fool.
Yanni provided Skura with a gun to kill Ziri.
Yanni provided to Skura the gun that was used in the murder.
Yanni provided vital information to the police.
Yanni pruned each one of his 400 fig trees.
Yanni pruned his fig trees.
Yanni prunes his fig trees in spring.
Yanni published a book detailing his ordeal.
Yanni published a country analysis about Algeria.
Yanni published a memoir on his life with Rima.
Yanni puked up the vodka.
Yanni pulled Skura's blanket away.
Yanni pulled Skura's sheet away.
Yanni pulled a knife on Skura.
Yanni pulled a knife out of his pocket.
Yanni pulled back the curtain.
Yanni pulled his hand back.
Yanni pulled his pants up.
Yanni pulled his phone out and started dialing 911.
Yanni pulled in front of the Mercedes.
Yanni pulled into a gas station.
Yanni pulled next to Skura.
Yanni pulled out a gun during an argument with his wife.
Yanni pulled out his Berber homework.
Yanni pulled out his earphones to listen to Skura.
Yanni pulled out his phone and his redial.
Yanni pulled out his phone.
Yanni pulled out the hard drive.
Yanni pulled over and Skura pulled over back.
Yanni pulled over and asked Skura if she needed any help.
Yanni pulled over and offered the hitchhiker a ride.
Yanni pulled over and unlocked the doors.
Yanni pulled over on the side of the road.
Yanni pulled the cover off.
Yanni pulled the dip stick out.
Yanni pulled the drill bit off.
Yanni pulled the emergency brake again.
Yanni pulled the emergency brake.
Yanni pulled the key out of the ignition.
Yanni pulled the plunger out.
Yanni pulled the sticker off.
Yanni pulled the tape off.
Yanni pulled the tape.
Yanni pulled through.
Yanni pulled up the syringe slowly.
Yanni pulled up to the curb.
Yanni pulled up to the mosque.
Yanni punched Skura in the face.
Yanni punched Skura in the stomach.
Yanni punched Skura's arm.
Yanni punched through the window then pulled his hand back. A fair amount of blood started spurting out of his hand.
Yanni punched through the window.
Yanni punches walls when he gets mad.
Yanni punished Skura for not being honest.
Yanni punished Skura in ways that verged on torture.
Yanni purchased a few bottles of vodka.
Yanni purchased a gun.
Yanni purchased a house with a bad check.
Yanni purchased a huge piece of land to raise goats.
Yanni purchased a ranching property in southern Algeria.
Yanni purchased a repair kit to fix the rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni purchased a wig.
Yanni purchased everything.
Yanni purchased his first home in Algiers in 2004.
Yanni purchased it.
Yanni purchased the book.
Yanni purchased these figs at the store.
Yanni purchased this faucet online.
Yanni purchased two more books.
Yanni pursued his affair with abandon.
Yanni pursued his dream.
Yanni pushed Skura against the wall.
Yanni pushed Skura away.
Yanni pushed Skura down the stairs.
Yanni pushed Skura into the living room.
Yanni pushed Skura over the edge.
Yanni pushed Skura to study Berber.
Yanni pushed Skura too hard.
Yanni pushed Skura.
Yanni pushed himself beyond what his conscious mind could envision.
Yanni pushed his mother down the stairs.
Yanni pushed his own wife off a cliff.
Yanni pushed that guy as hard as he could.
Yanni pushed the button.
Yanni put Rima in a box.
Yanni put Rima on an airplane.
Yanni put Rima on his back.
Yanni put Skura in the trunk of her Honda.
Yanni put Skura's body in the basement.
Yanni put a little bit more drops of resin into the windshield crack.
Yanni put a little bit of cinnamon in the fig jam.
Yanni put a little dot of resin into the windshield crack.
Yanni put a little drop of super glue on the windshield.
Yanni put a movie on to keep Skura distracted.
Yanni put a price on Skura's head.
Yanni put as much distance between him and Skura as possible.
Yanni put everything in the freezer.
Yanni put himself down a lot.
Yanni put his Quran away.
Yanni put his Quran in a box in the closet.
Yanni put his Quran in the closet.
Yanni put his arm around Skura's waist.
Yanni put his arms up.
Yanni put his body against Skura's.
Yanni put his car in first gear.
Yanni put his car in reverse.
Yanni put his car into direct sunlight to try and find all the chips and scratches on his windshield.
Yanni put his children to sleep.
Yanni put his earbuds back and ignored Skura.
Yanni put his earphones back in.
Yanni put his gas station on the market.
Yanni put his hand on Rima's leg.
Yanni put his hand on Skura's arm.
Yanni put his hand on Skura's car door, holding it open so she wouldn't shut it.
Yanni put his hand on Skura's thigh and squeezed.
Yanni put his hand on Skura's wrist.
Yanni put his hand right there.
Yanni put his hands on Skura.
Yanni put his hands on the steering wheel.
Yanni put his head down on the desk.
Yanni put his house on the market.
Yanni put his little finger in Skura's coffee.
Yanni put his mask on.
Yanni put his number in Skura's phone.
Yanni put his phone on airplane mode.
Yanni put his phone to its lowest brightness.
Yanni put his shoes back on.
Yanni put his shorts out to dry.
Yanni put his talents to good use.
Yanni put on a movie for his kids.
Yanni put on his mask.
Yanni put on the shoes.
Yanni put pressure on his secretary.
Yanni put some fig jam on his toast.
Yanni put something in the basket.
Yanni put that in there.
Yanni put the baby down.
Yanni put the body in the truck of his VW.
Yanni put the bowl on the table.
Yanni put the box back on the shelf.
Yanni put the figs in a bucket.
Yanni put the figs in the fridge.
Yanni put the figs in the refrigerator.
Yanni put the figs into the jar.
Yanni put the finger of blame squarely at Skura.
Yanni put the groceries in the fridge.
Yanni put the gun down.
Yanni put the gun under his chin and fired.
Yanni put the kid to bed.
Yanni put the knife away.
Yanni put the lawn mower in the shed.
Yanni put the light bulb in a box.
Yanni put the light bulb in a plastic bag.
Yanni put the light bulb into a sealed container.
Yanni put the light switch back on and tightened it to the wall.
Yanni put the light switch back on.
Yanni put the new oil filter in.
Yanni put the painting back up on the wall.
Yanni put the phone underneath his clothes and stole it.
Yanni put the screws on the floor.
Yanni put the socks in the washing machine.
Yanni put the stuff outside.
Yanni put the syringe back in.
Yanni put up a swing set in his backyard.
Yanni puts image over substance.
Yanni puts up content on his YouTube channel.
Yanni qualifies.
Yanni quartered the figs.
Yanni questioned Skura's innocence.
Yanni quickened his pace.
Yanni quickly became extremely militant.
Yanni quickly came up with a solution.
Yanni quickly forgot about the entire experience.
Yanni quickly grabbed the PC and left the room.
Yanni quickly left Skura's place.
Yanni quickly maxed out his credit cards.
Yanni quickly opened the door and hopped into the car.
Yanni quickly ran to his car and unlocked the doors.
Yanni quickly realized his mistake.
Yanni quickly recovered from that car accident.
Yanni quickly relocated to Algeria.
Yanni quickly repaired the rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni quickly responded.
Yanni quickly started walking over to Skura.
Yanni quickly went into his apartment.
Yanni quickly went to the front door.
Yanni quit a month ago.
Yanni quit after about a month of working there.
Yanni quit college to teach Berber in his village.
Yanni quit his home.
Yanni quit his job at a grocery store.
Yanni quit his job at the university.
Yanni quit school at fourteen.
Yanni quit smoking after the doctor's warning.
Yanni quit working on that boat.
Yanni raised Rima in Algeria.
Yanni raised and protected his kids.
Yanni raised goats.
Yanni raised his arm up and stuck up his thumb.
Yanni raised his children in Algiers.
Yanni raised his children in a very Algerian way.
Yanni raised his eyes to meet Skura's.
Yanni raised his kids as sunni Muslims.
Yanni raised his knife up closer to Skura's face.
Yanni raised the stakes to new highs.
Yanni raised the stakes yet again.
Yanni raised the stakes.
Yanni raised the vehicle pretty high.
Yanni raises goats in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni raises goats in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni rambles too much.
Yanni ran a luxury store in Algiers.
Yanni ran an image search of that Berber word.
Yanni ran an image search of the Berber word.
Yanni ran away from Rima.
Yanni ran away from home.
Yanni ran away.
Yanni ran back home.
Yanni ran back to the car.
Yanni ran back towards the campsite.
Yanni ran crying back to the classroom.
Yanni ran for cover.
Yanni ran for election.
Yanni ran for his life into the woods.
Yanni ran for his life.
Yanni ran for it.
Yanni ran for the door.
Yanni ran from Skura in horror.
Yanni ran his finger along Skura's nose.
Yanni ran his finger along the scar.
Yanni ran his fingernail over the windshield chip.
Yanni ran his fingers over the glass.
Yanni ran his fingers over the windshield crack.
Yanni ran into Skura on the street.
Yanni ran into a problem.
Yanni ran into his house and locked the door.
Yanni ran into the fence.
Yanni ran into the mosque.
Yanni ran into the wall.
Yanni ran into the woods.
Yanni ran out of checks.
Yanni ran out of the mosque.
Yanni ran out of the store.
Yanni ran over a cat.
Yanni ran over to see what it was.
Yanni ran right past Skura.
Yanni ran screaming from the house.
Yanni ran through the kitchen barefoot.
Yanni ran to get his keys upstairs to turn off the alarm.
Yanni ran to the bathroom.
Yanni ran to the closet.
Yanni ran to the edge of the forest.
Yanni ran to the garage.
Yanni ran to the gas station.
Yanni ran towards Skura.
Yanni ran towards the car.
Yanni ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
Yanni ran.
Yanni rang the bell.
Yanni ransacked Skura's house.
Yanni rarely goes there.
Yanni rarely thinks about Algeria.
Yanni rarely uses his flashlight.
Yanni reached Algiers four days later.
Yanni reached a paved road.
Yanni reached out for the imam, seeking spiritual guidance.
Yanni reached the back door.
Yanni reached the bottom of the valley.
Yanni reached the downtown area.
Yanni reached the wall.
Yanni reacted oddly.
Yanni reacted strangely.
Yanni reactivated his dating account.
Yanni reacts too slowly.
Yanni read Muhammad's biography.
Yanni read Rima's comment.
Yanni read Skrua's resume.
Yanni read Skura's column.
Yanni read Skura's diary.
Yanni read Skura's email.
Yanni read Skura's insurance policy.
Yanni read Skura's response.
Yanni read a Wikipedia article about Algeria.
Yanni read a book about Islam.
Yanni read a couple of books about marriage.
Yanni read a few pages of the Quran.
Yanni read a good book about Islam.
Yanni read a very interesting book about Islam.
Yanni read about that.
Yanni read all of Shakespeare's plays.
Yanni read an interesting book about Islam.
Yanni read books about Islamic philosophy.
Yanni read books on Islam.
Yanni read in the bathroom.
Yanni read it all.
Yanni read that book.
Yanni read that comment.
Yanni read the Quran again.
Yanni read the Quran during Ramadan.
Yanni read the Quran every single day.
Yanni read the Quran in the hospital.
Yanni read the book aloud.
Yanni read the book dozens of times.
Yanni read the book in Berber.
Yanni read the court documents.
Yanni read the document.
Yanni read the instructions.
Yanni read the life of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Yanni read the menu but he didn't order anything.
Yanni read the menu.
Yanni read the paper.
Yanni read the search warrant carefully.
Yanni read the story from start to finish.
Yanni read the whole Quran.
Yanni read those messages again.
Yanni read too many stories about that.
Yanni read us a crazy story.
Yanni reads 4% of the Quran every single day.
Yanni reads a lot of my stuff online.
Yanni reads books about Islam.
Yanni reads everything in Berber.
Yanni reads the Quran every evening.
Yanni reads the Quran occasionally.
Yanni reads the news in Berber.
Yanni reads very fast.
Yanni realized he could do great things.
Yanni realized he could make a difference.
Yanni realized he had zero control on his life.
Yanni realized he left his phone in the car.
Yanni realized he would make more money with this.
Yanni realized his daughter's incredible talent.
Yanni realized his mistake.
Yanni realized how much of a jerk Ziri was.
Yanni realized it was time to make his move and get out of his relationship with Skura.
Yanni realized something wasn't right.
Yanni realized that Rima was not coming back.
Yanni realized that Skura liked him.
Yanni realized that Skura was not right in her mind.
Yanni realized that as long as he had Skura, he could conquer anything.
Yanni realized that his credit card was missing.
Yanni realized that his daughter was missing.
Yanni realized that something was horribly wrong.
Yanni realized that something was really wrong.
Yanni realized that things weren't going to go his way.
Yanni realized that woman was Skura.
Yanni realized that.
Yanni realized the door was locked.
Yanni realized the insanity of what he was doing.
Yanni realized the noise was coming from behind him.
Yanni realized the road he was on wasn't familiar.
Yanni realized the was something else behind the barrels.
Yanni realized what was going on.
Yanni really believed it was Skura.
Yanni really can achieve dreams.
Yanni really did that.
Yanni really didn't like it.
Yanni really does care.
Yanni really doesn't know what to do about the whole thing.
Yanni really enjoyed driving to Algiers.
Yanni really got me.
Yanni really had a problem.
Yanni really knows Skura.
Yanni really liked Rima's YouTube channel.
Yanni really liked Rima.
Yanni really liked Skura's story.
Yanni really liked Skura.
Yanni really liked that t-shirt.
Yanni really liked that.
Yanni really likes Skura.
Yanni really likes dogs.
Yanni really loves Skura.
Yanni really loves that Berber course.
Yanni really loves this.
Yanni really needed the extra cash.
Yanni really needs help.
Yanni really needs that.
Yanni really needs to go home.
Yanni really needs to learn how to fix his car himself.
Yanni really needs to look at his responsibility here.
Yanni really scares us.
Yanni really thought about it.
Yanni really wanted to fire Skura.
Yanni really wanted to graduate high school.
Yanni really wants a puppy.
Yanni really wants to go to that mosque.
Yanni really wants to learn about Islam.
Yanni really wants to talk to Skura.
Yanni really was devastated.
Yanni really was hungry.
Yanni really was lucky.
Yanni really was shocked.
Yanni reappeared a few seconds later.
Yanni reappeared.
Yanni reapplied the resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni rebooted the entire system.
Yanni recast his rod.
Yanni received a call from the house.
Yanni received a few insults as well.
Yanni received a gift he assumed was from Skura.
Yanni received a horrifying telephone call.
Yanni received a letter from Rima.
Yanni received a message from a girl who was extremely attractive.
Yanni received a package from Algeria.
Yanni received a surprise visit from an unlikely guest: Rima.
Yanni received a text from Skura.
Yanni received a text from an unknown number.
Yanni received an apology from Skura.
Yanni received dire news.
Yanni received forty years to life for dismembering and disposing of Skura's body. Ziri, convicted of first degree murder, received life.
Yanni received four life terms to be served consecutively.
Yanni received his diploma in the Berber language in 2004.
Yanni received support from so many people.
Yanni received the biggest shock of his life.
Yanni recited the Quran.
Yanni recites the Quran every day.
Yanni recognized Skura without her bun.
Yanni recognized that woman.
Yanni recommended Skura to buy this type of light switch.
Yanni recommends this hotel.
Yanni reconsidered his views about Algeria.
Yanni recorded Skura crying.
Yanni recorded the Berber lesson.
Yanni recorded this in Algeria.
Yanni recounted the last conversation he had with Skura before she sank into a coma.
Yanni recovered from a fatal car accident.
Yanni recovered from that car accident.
Yanni recycles his car engine oil.
Yanni reduced the fire.
Yanni referred to those worksheets.
Yanni refined his painting technique.
Yanni refused help.
Yanni refused to accept that his marriage was over.
Yanni refused to act.
Yanni refused to come back to the mosque with Skura.
Yanni refused to disinvite Skura to the party.
Yanni refused to drive Skura to work.
Yanni refused to enter that mosque again.
Yanni refused to flee the trailer when he had the chance.
Yanni refused to go out.
Yanni refused to let Skura alone.
Yanni refused to open a joint bank account with Skura.
Yanni refused to play along.
Yanni refused to say what he had written in that letter.
Yanni refused to sign the paperwork.
Yanni refused to sleep away from home.
Yanni refused to sleep in that bed.
Yanni refused to sleep on the floor.
Yanni refused to take Skura to work.
Yanni refused to work for that mosque again.
Yanni refused.
Yanni refuses to talk on the phone.
Yanni regained awareness.
Yanni regained his balance.
Yanni regained his confidence.
Yanni regards himself as agnostic.
Yanni regrets not doing anything that day every day of his life.
Yanni regrets not doing anything to help Skura.
Yanni regretted it immensely.
Yanni regularly checked in on Skura.
Yanni rehabbed Skura's house.
Yanni reinstalled the light switch.
Yanni relaxed.
Yanni relies on Skura for money.
Yanni relies on Skura.
Yanni reloaded his gun.
Yanni relocated his entire family to Algiers.
Yanni reluctantly agreed to let Skura take control of their finances.
Yanni reluctantly went back to bed.
Yanni remained commander of the aircraft carrier.
Yanni remained in contact with people.
Yanni remained still, hiding behind a bush.
Yanni remains in Algiers to this day.
Yanni remarried four weeks after Rima's murder.
Yanni remarried in Algeria.
Yanni remembered that.
Yanni remembered what he did.
Yanni remembered.
Yanni remembers Skura very well.
Yanni remembers Skura's name from her name tag.
Yanni remembers Skura's name.
Yanni remembers Skura's smile.
Yanni remembers Skura.
Yanni remembers Ziri as a boy.
Yanni remembers everything.
Yanni remembers his trip to Algeria.
Yanni remembers it clearly.
Yanni remembers that Skura wasn't wearing a jacket.
Yanni remembers that.
Yanni remembers the Bouteflika years.
Yanni remembers.
Yanni reminded Skura that he was fourteen and that he couldn't drink.
Yanni reminded me of me forty years ago.
Yanni reminded me of me.
Yanni reminds me of Jesus because of the way he looks.
Yanni removed Rima from social media.
Yanni removed Skura as a beneficiary of his life insurance policy.
Yanni removed Skura's life support.
Yanni removed a bone from the mud.
Yanni removed his YouTube channel.
Yanni removed that using a razor blade.
Yanni removed the bare wire.
Yanni removed the bolts.
Yanni removed the four screws on the other side.
Yanni removed the hard drive and replaced it with a new one.
Yanni removed the murder weapon from the scene.
Yanni removed the stems of the figs.
Yanni removed the suction cups.
Yanni removed the syringe.
Yanni removed the wire.
Yanni removed the wires.
Yanni removed this screw.
Yanni removed those wires.
Yanni renovated the house.
Yanni rented a car and began to drive around Algeria.
Yanni rented a car.
Yanni rented a house.
Yanni rented a private residence in Tokyo.
Yanni rents out a condo downtown.
Yanni repaired his windshield chips with some resin.
Yanni repaired his windshield cracks with resin.
Yanni repaired his windshield himself.
Yanni repaired the windshield.
Yanni repeated that exact sentence.
Yanni repeated the word forty times.
Yanni replaced one form of cheating with another. In fact, after he broke up with Skura, he started sexting other women.
Yanni replaced the kitchen faucet.
Yanni replaced the light bulb.
Yanni replaced the light switches.
Yanni replied politely.
Yanni replied.
Yanni reported Skura immediately.
Yanni reported his daughter as a missing person.
Yanni reported his girlfriend missing.
Yanni reported that to his landlord.
Yanni requested a meeting with Skura.
Yanni requested sole custody of his children.
Yanni rescued Skura's cat.
Yanni rescues animals.
Yanni researched about that.
Yanni resembled a rabid animal.
Yanni resided four blocks from Rima's place.
Yanni resisted the temptation.
Yanni respected Skura as a customer.
Yanni respects Skura's boundaries.
Yanni respects Skura.
Yanni responded in a confused manner.
Yanni responded verbally.
Yanni responded with a firm no.
Yanni responded.
Yanni rested.
Yanni resumed driving.
Yanni retired.
Yanni retracted his statement.
Yanni retreated back into his room.
Yanni returned Skura her purse.
Yanni returned from Algiers after studying Berber there.
Yanni returned from the restroom.
Yanni returned home empty-handed.
Yanni returned home from a weekend visit.
Yanni returned home shaken up.
Yanni returned home to Algiers.
Yanni returned to Algiers as a Berber teacher.
Yanni returned to Algiers in 2004.
Yanni returned to Algiers.
Yanni returned to campus.
Yanni returned to his Muslim faith.
Yanni returned to his apartment.
Yanni returned to his beloved Algeria.
Yanni returned to his comfortable Algiers home.
Yanni returned to his condo.
Yanni returned to sunny Algeria.
Yanni returned to the basement.
Yanni returned to the mosque.
Yanni returned.
Yanni revealed extraordinary secrets about Skura.
Yanni revealed his spectacular abs.
Yanni revealed some personal info.
Yanni reversed.
Yanni rides an express train in Japan.
Yanni rides his bike back to his apartment.
Yanni rides his bike everywhere.
Yanni rides that bus every night.
Yanni rides the bus everywhere.
Yanni rinsed the soap off his hands.
Yanni ripped his earbuds out.
Yanni ripped the car door open and pulled Skura out.
Yanni risked his life to save Skura.
Yanni roared for Skura to call 911.
Yanni robbed a bank.
Yanni robbed his first bank at fifteen.
Yanni robs banks.
Yanni rode a train from Tokyo to Kyoto.
Yanni rode his bike to work.
Yanni rode his horse up to the mosque.
Yanni rode the bus home.
Yanni rolled down the window a bit more.
Yanni rolled down the window and asked Skura where she was headed.
Yanni rolled his eyes.
Yanni rolled the dice.
Yanni rubbed Skura's feet.
Yanni rubbed his feet.
Yanni rubbed his hands.
Yanni ruffled the kid's hair.
Yanni ruined Rima's entire life.
Yanni ruined Skura's career.
Yanni ruined Skura's life.
Yanni ruined Skura's loofah.
Yanni ruined Skura's vacation.
Yanni ruined Skura's wedding.
Yanni ruined his image.
Yanni ruined his reputation.
Yanni ruined the good time we were all having.
Yanni ruined the lives of two women.
Yanni ruminates obsessively about assholes.
Yanni run a cleaning business in Algiers.
Yanni runs Skura's hotel in Algiers.
Yanni runs a bookstore in Algiers and summer is his slow season.
Yanni runs a bowling alley.
Yanni runs a freak show.
Yanni runs a hardware store in Algiers.
Yanni runs a home improvement store in Algiers.
Yanni runs a public shower in Algiers.
Yanni runs a tourist office in Algiers.
Yanni runs an auto supply store.
Yanni runs one of the few Indian restaurants in the whole of Algiers.
Yanni runs one of the oldest restaurants in Algiers.
Yanni runs the only Greek restaurant in the whole of Algiers.
Yanni runs the store.
Yanni runs this house with an iron fist.
Yanni runs track in high school.
Yanni runs track.
Yanni runs very fast.
Yanni runs with his dog.
Yanni rushed outside.
Yanni rushed to his door.
Yanni rushed to the door.
Yanni rushed to the hospital to get his nose checked out.
Yanni rushed towards the lake.
Yanni sabotaged Skura's car.
Yanni sabotaged Skura's dishwasher.
Yanni sabotaged Skura's washing machine.
Yanni sabotaged his success.
Yanni sacrificed more.
Yanni said Skura did that on purpose.
Yanni said Skura had to go.
Yanni said Skura physically assaulted him.
Yanni said Skura was ruining his life.
Yanni said Skura wasn't there.
Yanni said Skura went pale.
Yanni said Skura worshiped Satan.
Yanni said Skura's name almost every other word.
Yanni said Skura's name.
Yanni said a quick hello and introduced his girlfriend.
Yanni said a stupid thing.
Yanni said all that took place in a span of four days.
Yanni said everything was good.
Yanni said goodnight and left.
Yanni said goodnight and turned off the light.
Yanni said he answered those questions honestly.
Yanni said he bought scissors, duct tape, screwdrivers, nails, screws, bolts, nuts, and the list went on and on and on.
Yanni said he didn't remember anything out of the ordinary.
Yanni said he felt horrible.
Yanni said he had an abandonment wound.
Yanni said he had an out-of-body experience.
Yanni said he had chills.
Yanni said he had had enough and decided to divorce Skura.
Yanni said he hated his parents.
Yanni said he killed Skura to put her out of her misery.
Yanni said he knew who killed Skura.
Yanni said he loved his stepmom.
Yanni said he saw a demon.
Yanni said he saw a strange creature in the woods.
Yanni said he saw cops outside.
Yanni said he saw something.
Yanni said he saw the ghost.
Yanni said he smelt gas.
Yanni said he wanted to learn Berber better.
Yanni said he was Muslim.
Yanni said he was OK with that.
Yanni said he was OK.
Yanni said he was attracted to Rima.
Yanni said he was fine.
Yanni said he was going to convert to Islam.
Yanni said he was going to hell.
Yanni said he was hungry.
Yanni said he was in a horrible marriage.
Yanni said he was in the mosque.
Yanni said he was meant to be Muslim.
Yanni said he wasn't able to share his story with other people.
Yanni said he would go to prison and be glad of it.
Yanni said he would stay a couple of weeks and he stayed a couple of months.
Yanni said hello with his heavy Kabyle accent.
Yanni said hello.
Yanni said hi.
Yanni said his date was boring.
Yanni said his father was Muslim.
Yanni said his house number and street.
Yanni said his prayers were answered.
Yanni said his sadness was unbearable.
Yanni said inappropriate things to Skura.
Yanni said it in perfect Berber.
Yanni said it over and over again.
Yanni said it was too cold to sleep in the van.
Yanni said it.
Yanni said life has no meaning.
Yanni said love is blind.
Yanni said money was nothing.
Yanni said nasty things to people that he loved.
Yanni said nothing had happened.
Yanni said nothing.
Yanni said something similar to that.
Yanni said something that made Skura's blood run cold.
Yanni said something to Skura in Berber.
Yanni said sorry for embarrassing Skura.
Yanni said that Islam is a good faith.
Yanni said that Islam is right for him.
Yanni said that Skura was nice.
Yanni said that and left.
Yanni said that at the end of the video.
Yanni said that coldly.
Yanni said that he can't say thank you enough to all the people who supported him.
Yanni said that he would love Skura again in a future life.
Yanni said that his first Ramadan was difficult.
Yanni said that his marriage is vastly different from what he had hoped for.
Yanni said that in Berber.
Yanni said that in a loud panicked voice.
Yanni said that in perfect Berber.
Yanni said that in the end.
Yanni said that mosque was haunted.
Yanni said that people mysteriously disappeared in that area.
Yanni said that that was a hard pill to swallow.
Yanni said that to his wife.
Yanni said that was a step too far.
Yanni said that would never happen again.
Yanni said that.
Yanni said the right thing.
Yanni said the shahada and Skura repeated it.
Yanni said the shahada on his own.
Yanni said the shahada.
Yanni said there's a special room in hell for liars.
Yanni said this.
Yanni said weird things happened in that house.
Yanni said yes flatly.
Yanni said yes.
Yanni sang Skura a song in Berber.
Yanni sang that song.
Yanni sang the Algerian national anthem.
Yanni sanitized the jars.
Yanni sank into a coma.
Yanni sat and watched TV.
Yanni sat back down at his computer.
Yanni sat by the fire.
Yanni sat down next to Skura on her bed.
Yanni sat down on the couch, trying to collect himself.
Yanni sat down.
Yanni sat in his living room, watching TV.
Yanni sat in the booth.
Yanni sat in the kitchen with a hammer.
Yanni sat near the door.
Yanni sat next to Skura on the bus.
Yanni sat next to Skura.
Yanni sat next to me.
Yanni sat next to the driving teacher.
Yanni sat on Skura's lap.
Yanni sat on a rock.
Yanni sat on his car's trunk.
Yanni sat on the grass.
Yanni sat on the kitchen floor.
Yanni sat outside Skura's house.
Yanni sat outside with his friends.
Yanni sat over there.
Yanni sat right behind Skura.
Yanni sat there all night holding a bat.
Yanni sat there with his mouth dropped.
Yanni sat there, waiting for Skura.
Yanni sat there.
Yanni sat up in bed and listened carefully.
Yanni sat.
Yanni satisfied Rima.
Yanni saved Skura's life.
Yanni saved Skura.
Yanni saved a few water balloons for Skura.
Yanni saved his life.
Yanni saved his marriage.
Yanni saved the day.
Yanni saw Japan for the very first time.
Yanni saw Rima with Ziri time and time again.
Yanni saw Rima's meme on Facebook.
Yanni saw Rima's paintings.
Yanni saw Rima.
Yanni saw Skura a couple of times around his complex.
Yanni saw Skura again.
Yanni saw Skura and his smile instantly dropped.
Yanni saw Skura and stood up.
Yanni saw Skura around his apartment complex.
Yanni saw Skura at her dorm.
Yanni saw Skura crouched down in front of her desk.
Yanni saw Skura crying.
Yanni saw Skura doing this.
Yanni saw Skura eating figs.
Yanni saw Skura eating raw meat.
Yanni saw Skura exit her room.
Yanni saw Skura hiding behind us.
Yanni saw Skura in court.
Yanni saw Skura in the front yard when he drove by.
Yanni saw Skura in the yard.
Yanni saw Skura last night.
Yanni saw Skura last week.
Yanni saw Skura lying on the couch, asleep.
Yanni saw Skura lying on the floor.
Yanni saw Skura many times bruised and battered from domestic abuse.
Yanni saw Skura only for a few minutes.
Yanni saw Skura start the car.
Yanni saw Skura talking to someone.
Yanni saw Skura through the corner of his eye.
Yanni saw Skura through the glass.
Yanni saw Skura throw something.
Yanni saw Skura walk out of the supermarket.
Yanni saw Skura walking down the hall.
Yanni saw Skura walking.
Yanni saw Skura wandering around the river.
Yanni saw Skura with a hijab.
Yanni saw Skura with another man and that was the straw that broke the camel's back.
Yanni saw Skura with her mom.
Yanni saw Skura with the hijab.
Yanni saw Skura's car in the driveway.
Yanni saw Skura's car.
Yanni saw Skura's face.
Yanni saw Skura's feet.
Yanni saw Ziri and Skura carrying out their old refrigerator.
Yanni saw Ziri and Skura together at the theater.
Yanni saw Ziri grab Skura's arm.
Yanni saw Ziri's daughter as his ticket to the high life.
Yanni saw a Muslim woman on the street.
Yanni saw a baby crocodile.
Yanni saw a bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni saw a car parked outside his house.
Yanni saw a car speeding down the road on the horizon.
Yanni saw a car with Bejaia plates.
Yanni saw a car.
Yanni saw a crack in his windshield.
Yanni saw a crack in the glass.
Yanni saw a dark figure in the woods.
Yanni saw a dirty-looking couple sitting on the floor.
Yanni saw a dirty-looking guy near the store.
Yanni saw a dude cut his junk off.
Yanni saw a fast animal.
Yanni saw a figure emerging from the forest.
Yanni saw a ghost.
Yanni saw a gorilla.
Yanni saw a heavily tattooed punk standing near his car in the parking lot.
Yanni saw a hitchhiker in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni saw a hitchhiker.
Yanni saw a house.
Yanni saw a light inside that house.
Yanni saw a man peering into the window.
Yanni saw a man walking down the side of the road.
Yanni saw a man with a hat standing in the dark.
Yanni saw a monster in the woods.
Yanni saw a person in the trees.
Yanni saw a psychiatrist.
Yanni saw a rocky road ahead for Ziri and Skura's relationship.
Yanni saw a woman wearing the hijab.
Yanni saw amazing pictures at the museum.
Yanni saw an unfamiliar face looked back at him.
Yanni saw blood coming out of Skura's mouth and nose.
Yanni saw cops outside.
Yanni saw every movie that Skura ever made.
Yanni saw every video that Skura ever made.
Yanni saw footprints in the dirt.
Yanni saw four people there.
Yanni saw himself in an ambulance.
Yanni saw his dad abusing drugs and alcohol.
Yanni saw his face and screamed.
Yanni saw his face in the mirror and screamed.
Yanni saw his friend.
Yanni saw his mom there.
Yanni saw his phone light up once.
Yanni saw his son playing with a June beetle.
Yanni saw in Walid a model to be followed.
Yanni saw light in the distance.
Yanni saw lights in the distance.
Yanni saw muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
Yanni saw no one in the mosque.
Yanni saw no one there.
Yanni saw no other way out.
Yanni saw other people.
Yanni saw people inside the van.
Yanni saw some women in hijabs standing near the mosque.
Yanni saw someone outside.
Yanni saw someone standing.
Yanni saw something in his peripheral vision.
Yanni saw something move out of the corner of his eye.
Yanni saw something moving in his peripheral vision.
Yanni saw something moving in the trees.
Yanni saw something out of the corner of his eye.
Yanni saw something that felt off.
Yanni saw something that made him miserable.
Yanni saw something that piqued his curiosity.
Yanni saw something.
Yanni saw that homeless guy but he had nothing on him to spare.
Yanni saw that.
Yanni saw the accident.
Yanni saw the bus make a U-turn.
Yanni saw the car.
Yanni saw the cops searching Skura's property with flashlights.
Yanni saw the fight.
Yanni saw the figure of a person peering into his window.
Yanni saw the headlights of a bus approaching.
Yanni saw the headlights of a car approaching.
Yanni saw the headlights of a truck approaching.
Yanni saw the headlights of a van approaching.
Yanni saw the hitchhiker at the exit of a roundabout.
Yanni saw the hitchhiker.
Yanni saw the house.
Yanni saw the mosque.
Yanni saw the mountain.
Yanni saw the police car make a U-turn.
Yanni saw the same woman again in another parking lot.
Yanni saw the stone chip.
Yanni saw the tire marks.
Yanni saw the tree.
Yanni saw the truck driving real slow towards him.
Yanni saw the truck make a U-turn.
Yanni saw the van make a U-turn.
Yanni saw the van speed off and leave the parking lot.
Yanni saw the whole thing.
Yanni saw this on many occasions.
Yanni saw two guys standing there.
Yanni saw vultures flying overhead.
Yanni saw what appeared to be a drop of blood on the floor.
Yanni says barbecue is his speciality.
Yanni says everything is OK with him.
Yanni says he can fix Skura's windshield chips.
Yanni says he can fix Skura's windshield cracks.
Yanni says he can fix the light switch.
Yanni says he can prevent this small windshield crack from getting bigger.
Yanni says he can repair Skura's windshield chips.
Yanni says he can repair Skura's windshield cracks.
Yanni says he can replace a light switch without turning off the power.
Yanni says he can weave baskets with these woody vines.
Yanni says he can't believe this.
Yanni says he can't explain this.
Yanni says he can't fix the light switch.
Yanni says he can't fix this windshield crack.
Yanni says he can't remember.
Yanni says he can't replace the light switch.
Yanni says he doesn't believe in God.
Yanni says he doesn't know how to replace a light switch.
Yanni says he doesn't remember any of this.
Yanni says he feels better.
Yanni says he has no sexual desire.
Yanni says he hears that sound every night.
Yanni says he isn't getting the validation that he needs from Skura.
Yanni says he knows Santa.
Yanni says he knows how to repair a cracked windshield.
Yanni says he loves Skura and in a future life he would love her again.
Yanni says he needs some more ideas.
Yanni says he needs to wash his hands.
Yanni says he's Muslim.
Yanni says he's already bored.
Yanni says he's bored.
Yanni says he's going to try to fix the bullseyes in his windshield.
Yanni says he's hungry.
Yanni says he's impressed by the result.
Yanni says he's seeing double.
Yanni says he's starving.
Yanni says it's complicated to travel in Japan.
Yanni says it's easy to replace a light switch.
Yanni says it's easy to weave a basket.
Yanni says it's important.
Yanni says it's just platonic.
Yanni says it's so easy to make a basket.
Yanni says that Skura's cookies are the best.
Yanni says that he wants to convert to Islam.
Yanni says that his ex is out to ruin his life.
Yanni says that his ex wants to ruin his life.
Yanni says that his family problems are a thing of the past.
Yanni says that science led him to Islam.
Yanni says that there is no place like home.
Yanni says that weird things have been happening in the area lately.
Yanni says that you can use toothpaste to remove scratches on your windshield.
Yanni says that you shouldn't bathe your guinea pig.
Yanni says the gun went off by accident.
Yanni says this is a sign from God.
Yanni says this is doable.
Yanni says this is the last thing he remembers before the crash.
Yanni says whenever he washes his face, his nose gets runny.
Yanni scammed people.
Yanni scanned the kitchen for a knife.
Yanni scared Skura.
Yanni scared the crap out of Skura.
Yanni scared the crap out of me.
Yanni scared the hell out of Skura's kids.
Yanni scared the life out of Skura.
Yanni scraped off the remainder of the resin.
Yanni scraped off the resin.
Yanni scraped the resin by hand.
Yanni scraped the windshield.
Yanni scratched his back and neck.
Yanni scratched his butt then smelt his hand.
Yanni screamed a string of words that would make a sailor blush.
Yanni screamed at Skura in Berber but she didn't know what he was saying.
Yanni screamed for Skura to stop.
Yanni screamed for his dad.
Yanni screamed to Skura to stop.
Yanni screamed.
Yanni screwed in the light bulb.
Yanni screwed it really tight.
Yanni screwed the bolt in 100% of the way.
Yanni screwed the bolt in.
Yanni screwed the cable on.
Yanni screwed the light swatch back to the wall.
Yanni screwed the light switch in.
Yanni screwed the light switch into place.
Yanni screwed the wire on.
Yanni screwed up again.
Yanni screwed up.
Yanni searched all over for Rima.
Yanni searched the house in the daylight.
Yanni seduced Skura on the Internet.
Yanni seduced Skura.
Yanni seeks Rima's approval.
Yanni seeks Rima's validation.
Yanni seemed OK.
Yanni seemed absolutely terrified.
Yanni seemed content with Skura.
Yanni seemed dangerous.
Yanni seemed full of life.
Yanni seemed generally a kind guy.
Yanni seemed in a conciliatory mood.
Yanni seemed like a younger man.
Yanni seemed manipulative.
Yanni seemed nice.
Yanni seemed on edge.
Yanni seemed pretty normal.
Yanni seemed really cool.
Yanni seemed really fine.
Yanni seemed resolved to be a better man.
Yanni seemed sketchy at first.
Yanni seemed to be crazy about the Berber language.
Yanni seemed to be deep in thought.
Yanni seemed to be having a little bit of trouble with that.
Yanni seemed to be in his own world.
Yanni seemed to have no enemies.
Yanni seemed to lead a charmed life.
Yanni seemed to make excuses to call Skura.
Yanni seemed to really like Skura.
Yanni seemed to want a lot out of life.
Yanni seemed very different from the people that I knew.
Yanni seemed very mysterious.
Yanni seems nice.
Yanni seems really nervous on the phone.
Yanni seems sad.
Yanni seems to be on the highest rung of the social ladder.
Yanni seems to have lost his temper.
Yanni seems to like it.
Yanni sees Algeria as his new China.
Yanni sees Skura on his morning bus ride.
Yanni sees a lot of benefit to fasting during Ramadan.
Yanni sees a wonderful sunrise from his window.
Yanni sees his father every weekend.
Yanni sees only the negative aspects.
Yanni sees you.
Yanni sells baskets to tourists.
Yanni sells baskets.
Yanni sells beauty products.
Yanni sells beef in Algeria.
Yanni sells dried figs.
Yanni sells encyclopedias door-to-door.
Yanni sells heroine.
Yanni sells his baskets at the market.
Yanni sells his baskets on the street.
Yanni sells his baskets online.
Yanni sells his baskets to tourists.
Yanni sells hygiene products.
Yanni sells meth.
Yanni sells our products.
Yanni sells sandals in Algiers.
Yanni sells them.
Yanni sells these four dollars a piece.
Yanni sells traditional clothes in Algiers.
Yanni sends Skura really awesome stories.
Yanni sensed Skura's hesitation.
Yanni sent Rima a picture of his pizza.
Yanni sent Rima away.
Yanni sent Rima home.
Yanni sent Rima some creepy pictures.
Yanni sent Skura a beautiful bouquet of roses.
Yanni sent Skura a letter.
Yanni sent Skura a love letter.
Yanni sent Skura a picture of his junk.
Yanni sent Skura a postcard.
Yanni sent Skura a repair kit to repair her windshield chips.
Yanni sent Skura flowers every Thursday.
Yanni sent Skura gifts.
Yanni sent Skura help.
Yanni sent Skura here.
Yanni sent Skura his phone number.
Yanni sent Skura his resume.
Yanni sent Skura home.
Yanni sent Skura messages.
Yanni sent Skura on a special mission.
Yanni sent Skura pics of him crying.
Yanni sent Skura some photos.
Yanni sent Skura the bill.
Yanni sent screenshots of the graffiti to Skura.
Yanni sent the judge anonymous letters in Berber.
Yanni seriously considered to hire mercenaries.
Yanni seriously thought Skura was going to run him over.
Yanni served as a priest for forty years.
Yanni served us some fig jam.
Yanni served us some figs freshly picked from his garden.
Yanni set that up as a trap.
Yanni set the papers and magazines on fire.
Yanni set up a Facebook page to sell his baskets.
Yanni set up a company in Algeria.
Yanni set up a dating profile on the Internet.
Yanni set up a factory in Algeria.
Yanni set up a factory on the Algerian border.
Yanni set up a new account.
Yanni set up a ready-made clothing company in Algeria.
Yanni set up a workshop with cheap labor in Morocco.
Yanni set up an Algerian stock brokering firm.
Yanni set up cameras around the house.
Yanni set up his new laptop.
Yanni set up multiple small businesses in Algeria.
Yanni set up shop in Algeria.
Yanni settled down with Skura and married her.
Yanni settled in Algiers.
Yanni sexually harassed his female colleagues at work.
Yanni shared Rima's video.
Yanni shared Skura's video.
Yanni shared a bed with his brother.
Yanni shared a room with his dad.
Yanni shared his contact information on LinkedIn.
Yanni shared his experiences on YouTube.
Yanni shared his snack with Rima.
Yanni shared his story with everyone.
Yanni shared his story with us.
Yanni shared his tips with Skura.
Yanni shared nothing with Skura.
Yanni shared the video with Skura.
Yanni shared the video with everyone.
Yanni shared valuable information with Rima.
Yanni shares every aspect of his life on social media.
Yanni shares knowledge on YouTube.
Yanni shattered Rima's ego.
Yanni shaved his armpits.
Yanni shaved his moustache off.
Yanni shaved his moustache.
Yanni shined a spotlight on the trees.
Yanni ships these shirts to Algeria duty-free.
Yanni shone his flashlight all around the tent.
Yanni shone the flashlight behind him.
Yanni shook Rima awake.
Yanni shook Skura awake.
Yanni shook Skura's hand.
Yanni shook his head in disappointment.
Yanni shook his head.
Yanni shook the car back and forth.
Yanni shook the door.
Yanni shot Skura again.
Yanni shot Skura by accident.
Yanni shot Skura dead.
Yanni shot Skura directly in the heart.
Yanni shot Skura in the face, killing her.
Yanni shot Skura in the leg.
Yanni shot Ziri and Skura.
Yanni shot and missed his heart.
Yanni shot and missed.
Yanni shot himself and exploded his heart with a shotgun.
Yanni shot himself in the jaw.
Yanni shot his neighbor over the fence.
Yanni shot in the air.
Yanni shot somebody.
Yanni shot that kid dead.
Yanni shot the gas tank on Skura's car.
Yanni shot the man Skura was having an affair with.
Yanni shot the robber.
Yanni should always be grateful.
Yanni should be avoiding that.
Yanni should be compensated.
Yanni should be happy about that.
Yanni should be in forever.
Yanni should change the oil.
Yanni should count his blessings.
Yanni should do a video about that.
Yanni should do something.
Yanni should do that in private.
Yanni should do this before he dies.
Yanni should do this now.
Yanni should get Skura's opinion.
Yanni should get dressed.
Yanni should give Skura a chance to relax a little.
Yanni should give room for Skura to rant.
Yanni should give us a break.
Yanni should go back to Algeria.
Yanni should have called Rima.
Yanni should have called a plumber.
Yanni should have called the authorities.
Yanni should have called the cops.
Yanni should have contacted the authorities.
Yanni should have contacted the cops.
Yanni should have friends.
Yanni should have seen Skura when she screamed.
Yanni should have taken that as a red flag.
Yanni should have taken the bus.
Yanni should have walked away with his dignity.
Yanni should help Skura out.
Yanni should introduce Skura to Nuja.
Yanni should leave Rima alone.
Yanni should let Skura do her job.
Yanni should let Skura handle this.
Yanni should let Skura shop in peace.
Yanni should move back to Algeria.
Yanni should not trespass into Rima's territory.
Yanni should probably go back to the camp.
Yanni should put himself in Skura's shoes.
Yanni should really come with us.
Yanni should remain inside the house until the police get there.
Yanni should repair his windshield rather than replacing it.
Yanni should replace the gasket.
Yanni should rest now.
Yanni should reverse course ASAP.
Yanni should show more gratitude.
Yanni should sit here all day feeling sorry for himself.
Yanni should still be there.
Yanni should stop being a pussy.
Yanni should stop sabotaging himself.
Yanni should stop sabotaging his relationship.
Yanni should stop showing his ignorance.
Yanni should stop talking.
Yanni should take it easy.
Yanni should take this seriously.
Yanni should teach Berber to his own children.
Yanni should thank God that he was raised by Muslim parents.
Yanni should think with his brain instead of his other head.
Yanni should treat Skura better.
Yanni should trust his gut instinct.
Yanni should try to make this right.
Yanni should wait until Skura is eighteen.
Yanni should wash his hands in the bathroom.
Yanni should wash his hands.
Yanni shouldn't be banned from the store.
Yanni shouldn't be doing this during the month of Ramadan.
Yanni shouldn't be hard on himself.
Yanni shouldn't be sleeping in class.
Yanni shouldn't be treated like that.
Yanni shouldn't blame himself.
Yanni shouldn't do anything like that.
Yanni shouldn't do that.
Yanni shouldn't drill the glass too deep.
Yanni shouldn't drill the windshield too deep.
Yanni shouldn't fix his windshield cracks in direct sunlight.
Yanni shouldn't focus on that.
Yanni shouldn't forge friendships with the local drug addicts.
Yanni shouldn't freak out.
Yanni shouldn't give up now.
Yanni shouldn't give up.
Yanni shouldn't go there.
Yanni shouldn't have done that.
Yanni shouldn't have friends.
Yanni shouldn't have left Skura out there.
Yanni shouldn't leave any loose glass inside the windshield bullseye.
Yanni shouldn't let emotion destroy his intellectual relationship with Skura.
Yanni shouldn't let his emotions run him.
Yanni shouldn't mess with Skura's stuff.
Yanni shouldn't mess with that.
Yanni shouldn't overlook those things.
Yanni shouldn't pursue a deep friendship with Skura.
Yanni shouldn't put all of his eggs into one basket.
Yanni shouldn't stop now.
Yanni shouldn't take that for granted.
Yanni shouldn't tell me how to raise my children.
Yanni shouldn't worry about his heart. He's OK.
Yanni shouldn't worry.
Yanni shouted bye as he drove off.
Yanni shouted from the depth of his lungs.
Yanni shoved his finger in an electrical socket.
Yanni shoved some toilet paper up his bleeding nostril.
Yanni showed Rima support.
Yanni showed Rima to her seat.
Yanni showed Skura a picture of his mom.
Yanni showed Skura a safety video.
Yanni showed Skura another doll.
Yanni showed Skura down the escalator.
Yanni showed Skura his appreciation.
Yanni showed Skura his new tattoo.
Yanni showed Skura how much he cared for her.
Yanni showed Skura how to change a light switch.
Yanni showed Skura how to do the job.
Yanni showed Skura how to make fig jam.
Yanni showed Skura how to milk a goat.
Yanni showed Skura how to remove a windshield scratch.
Yanni showed Skura love in other ways.
Yanni showed Skura pretty pictures of his life in Algeria.
Yanni showed Skura some baby pictures.
Yanni showed Skura some pictures of the mosque.
Yanni showed Skura the X-ray of his broken ribs.
Yanni showed Skura the crack in her windshield.
Yanni showed Skura the gun he had.
Yanni showed Skura the receipt.
Yanni showed Skura to her room on the fourth floor.
Yanni showed a formidable command of expressionism.
Yanni showed concern.
Yanni showed his appreciation to Skura.
Yanni showed his daughter how to change a light bulb.
Yanni showed his face to the world.
Yanni showed his teeth.
Yanni showed his violent side.
Yanni showed incredible generosity to Skura's family.
Yanni showed interest.
Yanni showed that to Skura.
Yanni showed the picture to the waitress.
Yanni showed the threatening letter to the principal.
Yanni showed this in his last video.
Yanni showed unspeakable violence.
Yanni showed up drunk.
Yanni showed up for work that afternoon.
Yanni showed up in the middle of the night.
Yanni showed up late.
Yanni showed up on Thursday.
Yanni showed up out of nowhere.
Yanni showed up with a UPS package.
Yanni showed up.
Yanni showered Skura in luxury.
Yanni showered Skura with affection.
Yanni showered, changed and slept.
Yanni showers Skura with compliments.
Yanni shut himself away in his room.
Yanni shut his windows.
Yanni shut off the power.
Yanni shut the door and went lay on his bed.
Yanni sighed a breath of relief.
Yanni signaled Skura to continue driving.
Yanni signed a confession for second-degree murder.
Yanni signed another 12 month lease.
Yanni signed power of attorney for Skura.
Yanni signed something.
Yanni signed the contract.
Yanni simplified Rima's face in his painting.
Yanni simplified shapes in his paintings.
Yanni simply destroyed Skura's life.
Yanni simply disappeared.
Yanni sipped water with his hands.
Yanni sits far away from the teacher's desk.
Yanni sits next to Skura in class.
Yanni sits right next to me.
Yanni sits when he pees.
Yanni skipped breakfast.
Yanni skipped the intro.
Yanni slammed both hands on the counter and started yelling obscenities at the bartender.
Yanni slammed into the back of Skura's car.
Yanni slammed on his brakes.
Yanni slammed on the brake.
Yanni slammed on the brakes.
Yanni slammed the brake.
Yanni slammed the door shut behind him.
Yanni slammed the door shut.
Yanni slammed the door to the mosque behind him.
Yanni slapped Rima in the face.
Yanni slapped Skura across her face with the back of his hand.
Yanni slapped Skura again.
Yanni slapped Skura in front of her father.
Yanni slapped Skura in the face.
Yanni slapped Skura on the butt.
Yanni slapped Skura's shoulder.
Yanni slashed his wrists.
Yanni sleeps everywhere.
Yanni sleeps in his car.
Yanni sleeps in the van.
Yanni sleeps with Skura occasionally.
Yanni sleeps with a blanket over his head.
Yanni sleeps with his door locked.
Yanni sleeps with his laptop on.
Yanni sleeps with the fan on.
Yanni sleeps with the lights on.
Yanni sleeps with two lamps on.
Yanni slept by his camel's side.
Yanni slept directly under the window.
Yanni slept during the day.
Yanni slept early.
Yanni slept in a bare concrete room.
Yanni slept in class.
Yanni slept in his office.
Yanni slept in that bed.
Yanni slept in the basement.
Yanni slept in the garage.
Yanni slept in the mosque.
Yanni slept in the van.
Yanni slept like a baby bear.
Yanni slept like a baby.
Yanni slept like a kitten.
Yanni slept like a puppy.
Yanni slept on a bench.
Yanni slept on a pile of leaves.
Yanni slept on the concrete floor.
Yanni slept on the couch.
Yanni slept outside.
Yanni slept peacefully.
Yanni slept soundly.
Yanni slept until about noon.
Yanni slept when he was at home.
Yanni slept with Skura.
Yanni slept with his bedroom door locked.
Yanni slept with his light on.
Yanni slept with one eye open.
Yanni slept with someone.
Yanni slept with the lights off.
Yanni slept with the lights on that night.
Yanni slept.
Yanni slid across the road.
Yanni slid on ice.
Yanni slid the board under the car.
Yanni slid the wire into the light switch.
Yanni slide the wire back into the box.
Yanni slightly turned his head to the right.
Yanni slipped Skura a thousand dinar bill.
Yanni slipped and fell, driving a stick into his eyeball as he fell.
Yanni slipped on the ice.
Yanni slit his forearm.
Yanni slowed down.
Yanni slowed his car, wound down the window and asked the cop for directions.
Yanni slowed his running.
Yanni slowly drifted about from the group.
Yanni smashed Skura's car window and stole the radio.
Yanni smashed Skura's head into the floor.
Yanni smashed a bottle against Skura's head.
Yanni smashed the figs with a potato masher.
Yanni smashed the light bulb with a hammer.
Yanni smashed the radio.
Yanni smeared feces on the wall.
Yanni smeared poop all over Skura's windshield.
Yanni smells good today.
Yanni smells like garbage.
Yanni smells like shit.
Yanni smells of shit.
Yanni smells.
Yanni smelt a funny smell.
Yanni smelt like a dead animal.
Yanni smelt like a garbage can.
Yanni smelt of booze.
Yanni smelt really bad.
Yanni smelt strongly of weed.
Yanni smelt terrible.
Yanni smelt the alcohol in Skura's breath.
Yanni smelt.
Yanni smiled and agreed to walk Skura home.
Yanni smiled and nodded.
Yanni smiled at Skura's daughter.
Yanni smiled at Skura.
Yanni smiled awkwardly.
Yanni smiled creepily at Skura.
Yanni smiled the creepiest smile that Skura had ever seen.
Yanni smiled warmly at Skura.
Yanni smiled when he thought about that.
Yanni smiled with the creepiest smile ever.
Yanni smiled with the most perverted smile ever.
Yanni smiled.
Yanni smiles at Skura.
Yanni smoked a cigarette before he carried on driving.
Yanni smoked like a chimney.
Yanni smoked meth.
Yanni smoked weed with his friends.
Yanni smokes weed every day.
Yanni snapped his fingers in front of Skura's face.
Yanni snapped his fingers.
Yanni snapped the wire.
Yanni sniffed Skura's clothes.
Yanni sniffed Skura's underwear.
Yanni snores, too.
Yanni snores.
Yanni snuck into the mosque.
Yanni snuck out of here without his mom's permission.
Yanni snuck out of the hospital.
Yanni snuck out.
Yanni snuck up on Rima.
Yanni so a strange shape behind the trees.
Yanni soaked the willow rods to weave a basket.
Yanni sold encyclopedias door to door.
Yanni sold everything he had to raise money for a ticket home.
Yanni sold his Toyota.
Yanni sold his building.
Yanni sold his car.
Yanni sold his small property.
Yanni sold magazines door-to-door.
Yanni sold that stuff, too.
Yanni solved Skura's problem.
Yanni soon realized his plan wasn't panning out.
Yanni soon realized that cheating on his wife wasn't worthy at all.
Yanni sought spiritual guidance from an imam.
Yanni sought the advice of a private investigator.
Yanni sounded distraught.
Yanni sounds more confident.
Yanni sounds nuts sometimes.
Yanni sounds weird.
Yanni spanked Skura.
Yanni spared no expense on his children.
Yanni spat out the milk.
Yanni speaks Berber among his circle of friends.
Yanni speaks Berber and Japanese.
Yanni speaks Berber badly.
Yanni speaks Berber but he says that he can't understand Skura's Kabyle accent.
Yanni speaks Berber but he says that he doesn't understand the Kabyle dialect.
Yanni speaks Berber confidently.
Yanni speaks Berber fast.
Yanni speaks Berber very quickly.
Yanni speaks Berber with a bad accent.
Yanni speaks Berber.
Yanni speaks clear Berber.
Yanni speaks excellent Berber and translates sometimes for the boss.
Yanni speaks excellent Berber.
Yanni speaks pretty decent Berber.
Yanni speaks the truth.
Yanni speaks to his dad almost every day.
Yanni speaks very good Berber.
Yanni speaks with passion in his voice.
Yanni specializes in repairing windshields.
Yanni sped up his vehicle and tried to escape.
Yanni spends a lot of money.
Yanni spends a lot of time at home.
Yanni spends a lot.
Yanni spends exorbitantly.
Yanni spends his time dying his hair.
Yanni spends hours studying Berber.
Yanni spends hours weaving baskets.
Yanni spends lots of hours every week to learn Berber.
Yanni spends more time with Skura.
Yanni spends more time working.
Yanni spends most of his time at work.
Yanni spends most of his time hanging out with his parents.
Yanni spends the last ten days of Ramadan in Algiers.
Yanni spends time talking to his loved ones.
Yanni spends time with his wife.
Yanni spent a couple months reading about Islam.
Yanni spent a few months in his native village in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni spent a good portion of his life thinking about that.
Yanni spent a large part of his wealth on weapons.
Yanni spent a lot of his time working.
Yanni spent a lot of money fixing the truck.
Yanni spent a lot of money.
Yanni spent a lot of time working.
Yanni spent a nice holiday in Algeria.
Yanni spent a one-month vacation in Algeria.
Yanni spent a week or two in Algiers.
Yanni spent all day doing that.
Yanni spent an hour in the bathroom.
Yanni spent an hour just eating.
Yanni spent another hour sitting there.
Yanni spent five weeks studying Berber.
Yanni spent four days doing that.
Yanni spent four days in that cave.
Yanni spent four hours taking a shower.
Yanni spent four hours working.
Yanni spent four months in the hospital.
Yanni spent four thousand dollars on that van.
Yanni spent four thousand dollars that night.
Yanni spent four weeks in Japan.
Yanni spent four whole years in Algiers.
Yanni spent four years investigating Islam.
Yanni spent half a day studying Berber.
Yanni spent half an hour apologizing to Skura.
Yanni spent his entire professional career teaching languages in Algeria.
Yanni spent his life in an asylum.
Yanni spent his life surrounded by men of culture.
Yanni spent his money on his family.
Yanni spent his whole life downtrodden and beaten.
Yanni spent his whole life in Algiers.
Yanni spent hours fishing.
Yanni spent hours in the mosque.
Yanni spent hours removing the windshield wiper scratches.
Yanni spent hours talking to Skura.
Yanni spent money on Skura.
Yanni spent more and more time studying Berber.
Yanni spent more time with his wife.
Yanni spent most days writing in isolation.
Yanni spent most of his adulthood in Algeria.
Yanni spent most of his life in prison.
Yanni spent one week here.
Yanni spent so much time with Rima.
Yanni spent the day daydreaming about his imaginary world.
Yanni spent the day in the mosque.
Yanni spent the day lounging around the pool.
Yanni spent the evening drinking with Skura.
Yanni spent the evening learning.
Yanni spent the night at a hotel.
Yanni spent the night in the basement.
Yanni spent the night in the mosque.
Yanni spent the night next to Rima's body.
Yanni spent the night there.
Yanni spent the rest of his life teaching Berber.
Yanni spent the rest of the year in remedial classes.
Yanni spent the summer in Algeria.
Yanni spent the week looking for a job.
Yanni spent the weekend in a motel.
Yanni spent the whole morning looking for Skura.
Yanni spent the winter of 2004 in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni spent thousands of dollars on household items.
Yanni spent time at the mosque.
Yanni spent time with a couple Muslim students.
Yanni spent time with a couple of Muslim friends.
Yanni spent two nights in this hotel.
Yanni spent years in Algeria.
Yanni spied on his wife.
Yanni spilled some juice on his white pants.
Yanni splashed Skura in the face with acid.
Yanni split the custody of his four children with his ex-wife.
Yanni spoke Arabic with a smattering of Berber.
Yanni spoke Berber most of the time.
Yanni spoke Berber with supreme confidence.
Yanni spoke English very well.
Yanni spoke a language that sounded like Berber.
Yanni spoke about his accident.
Yanni spoke again.
Yanni spoke almost perfect Berber.
Yanni spoke good Berber.
Yanni spoke highly of Skura.
Yanni spoke in a distinct Kabyle accent.
Yanni spoke in a fairly broken Berber.
Yanni spoke in a very calm voice.
Yanni spoke in his thick Kabyle accent.
Yanni spoke in plain Berber.
Yanni spoke little Berber.
Yanni spoke no Berber.
Yanni spoke normally.
Yanni spoke pretty good Berber.
Yanni spoke several different languages including Berber.
Yanni spoke to Skura in Berber but she didn't understand a word.
Yanni spoke to Skura in broken Berber.
Yanni spoke to Skura in jail.
Yanni spoke to as many people as he could.
Yanni spoke to his biological dad only occasionally.
Yanni spoke very poor Berber.
Yanni spoke with a detective.
Yanni spoke with a heavy Kabyle accent but his English was perfect.
Yanni spoke with a thick Kabyle accent.
Yanni spoke with his children about it.
Yanni spoke.
Yanni sports a manly moustache.
Yanni spotted Skura's weakness.
Yanni spotted a boat from so far away.
Yanni spotted a group of Barbary macaques making their way towards a group of tourists.
Yanni spotted a herd of oryx antelopes in the distance.
Yanni spotted an ugly bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni spotted some hippos near the lake.
Yanni spotted some turtle hatchlings crawling to the sea.
Yanni spotted somebody far down the road.
Yanni sprang back to his car.
Yanni sprang from his sitting position to his feet.
Yanni sprayed his goat's udder with antibacterial spray.
Yanni sprayed his goat's udder with bacterial spray.
Yanni sprayed his windshield with some isopropyl alcohol.
Yanni spread some fig jam on a slice of bread.
Yanni spread the fig jam on some fresh homemade bread.
Yanni sprinkled the powder over his food.
Yanni sprinted across the highway.
Yanni sprinted home.
Yanni sprinted into the nearby woods.
Yanni sprinted out of the parking lot.
Yanni sprinted to catch up with Skura.
Yanni sprinted to the mosque.
Yanni sprinted towards the police station.
Yanni squeezed a few more drops of resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni squeezed himself into the horror genre and made lots of films.
Yanni squeezed out one drop of glue.
Yanni squeezed the resin tube.
Yanni squeezed three to four drops of resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni squirted some resin into the windshield crack.
Yanni squished the poor June beetle.
Yanni stabbed Skura in his car.
Yanni stabbed Skura in the throat.
Yanni stabbed the wheels of Skura's car.
Yanni stalked Skura after their divorce.
Yanni stalled the car multiple times.
Yanni stands by his word.
Yanni stared Skura down.
Yanni stared at Rima's butt.
Yanni stared at the entrance of his building.
Yanni started a blog in Berber.
Yanni started a business in Algeria.
Yanni started a conversation.
Yanni started a new company called "Rima."
Yanni started a new job at an Algerian restaurant in Paris.
Yanni started a new relationship with Rima.
Yanni started acting insecure.
Yanni started an argument with Rima for no reason at all.
Yanni started an argument with Rima.
Yanni started an extra-marital affair.
Yanni started appearing in Skura's dreams.
Yanni started asking Skura questions.
Yanni started asking Skura random questions.
Yanni started at Skura through the cracks in his blinds.
Yanni started banging on Skura's door.
Yanni started beating Skura while his mother was screaming her head off.
Yanni started becoming interested in Berber.
Yanni started bleeding.
Yanni started boiling.
Yanni started buying pizza for Skura.
Yanni started by unscrewing the light switch.
Yanni started chasing Skura's car.
Yanni started chit-chatting with a couple seated at the same table as him.
Yanni started commenting on Skura's body.
Yanni started cooking the fig jam.
Yanni started creating his own professional website.
Yanni started creating his own videos.
Yanni started creating his own website.
Yanni started creating his professional website.
Yanni started criticizing Skura's job.
Yanni started crying tears of joy.
Yanni started cursing in Berber once again.
Yanni started cursing in Berber.
Yanni started dating Skura.
Yanni started dating a stripper in what was a very toxic relationship.
Yanni started dedicating Skura Berber poems.
Yanni started devouring his food.
Yanni started doing alright.
Yanni started doing odd jobs.
Yanni started doing that.
Yanni started doing the taraweeh prayers by the end of the month of Ramadan.
Yanni started dragging Skura out of the supermarket.
Yanni started drawing.
Yanni started dreaming of a completely different life where he could pursue a secret fantasy.
Yanni started driving.
Yanni started eating all the time.
Yanni started eating dates.
Yanni started eating.
Yanni started fasting during Ramadan before he converted to Islam.
Yanni started filming.
Yanni started firing in that direction.
Yanni started fixing the windshield.
Yanni started flashing his lights.
Yanni started flaunting his affair with Skura to Nuja.
Yanni started following Skura on Instagram.
Yanni started forgetting things.
Yanni started freaking out.
Yanni started from scratch.
Yanni started getting better.
Yanni started getting really, really old and Skura needed to go to stay with him.
Yanni started getting sleepy.
Yanni started going to a local mosque.
Yanni started going to a mosque.
Yanni started going to school in Algeria.
Yanni started googling Algiers.
Yanni started having friends.
Yanni started heading in that direction.
Yanni started hiking that trail in the late afternoon.
Yanni started his affair all over again.
Yanni started his journey down the Nile.
Yanni started his search in the basement.
Yanni started his shift folding shirts.
Yanni started his stocktake.
Yanni started his truck.
Yanni started injecting the resin into the bullseye.
Yanni started jogging and so did Skura.
Yanni started laughing and then he suddenly froze.
Yanni started laughing.
Yanni started laying down his rules.
Yanni started learning Berber.
Yanni started learning about Islam.
Yanni started learning the Berber alphabet.
Yanni started listening to Islamic lectures online.
Yanni started looking around.
Yanni started looking for Skura but he couldn't find her anywhere.
Yanni started looking into Islam.
Yanni started looking outside his marriage for solace.
Yanni started making a rose out of the pink napkin.
Yanni started making his way down the hill.
Yanni started moving closer to Skura.
Yanni started moving his legs.
Yanni started noticing Skura.
Yanni started noticing strange things.
Yanni started on his way again.
Yanni started peeling the suction pad off.
Yanni started picking up speed.
Yanni started plotting Skura's murder.
Yanni started pounding on the door.
Yanni started praying with a group of Muslims.
Yanni started reading the Quran.
Yanni started reading the ingredients off of the menu.
Yanni started reading the ingredients.
Yanni started receiving royalties on his book.
Yanni started renting his apartment out.
Yanni started rethinking things.
Yanni started running a hotel chain in Algeria.
Yanni started saying short phrases in Berber.
Yanni started screaming again.
Yanni started screaming and pointing at the TV.
Yanni started screaming curses at Skura.
Yanni started screaming.
Yanni started seeing women.
Yanni started seesawing with Skura.
Yanni started shaking Skura.
Yanni started showing Skura a few things.
Yanni started showing Skura some dolls.
Yanni started singing opera music.
Yanni started singing.
Yanni started smoking, too.
Yanni started smoking.
Yanni started snoring.
Yanni started speaking Berber in the classroom.
Yanni started speaking Berber.
Yanni started speaking in Berber which is not the language of my country.
Yanni started speaking in Berber.
Yanni started speaking in broken Berber but Skura mostly understood him.
Yanni started speaking some scary-sounding language.
Yanni started speaking to Skura in perfect Berber.
Yanni started spending his fortune.
Yanni started spending less time with his family.
Yanni started sprinting away.
Yanni started sprinting towards the house.
Yanni started stroking Skura up and down on her body.
Yanni started studying the Quran.
Yanni started switching between Berber and Arabic.
Yanni started taking steps in the right direction.
Yanni started talking about how Skura ruined his life.
Yanni started talking to Skura in Berber.
Yanni started talking to Skura on the Internet.
Yanni started talking to Skura.
Yanni started talking to his friends about Islam.
Yanni started talking to some Algerian tourists.
Yanni started talking to the driver.
Yanni started talking to them.
Yanni started talking with the Berber teacher.
Yanni started telling Skura about his relationship with Zira.
Yanni started the car anyways.
Yanni started the truck.
Yanni started to attract the attention of the press.
Yanni started to become really curious about Islam.
Yanni started to build strength and be himself.
Yanni started to demand more of Skura's backyard space.
Yanni started to demand more of Skura's garage space.
Yanni started to demand more of Skura's kitchen space.
Yanni started to demand more of Skura's office space.
Yanni started to demand more of Skura's yard space.
Yanni started to doubt himself.
Yanni started to doze off.
Yanni started to earn Skura's respect.
Yanni started to emerge from his shell.
Yanni started to feel really uncomfortable.
Yanni started to feel uneasy.
Yanni started to get a bit anxious.
Yanni started to have a good feeling about that.
Yanni started to hear yelling from the room over.
Yanni started to improve his Berber.
Yanni started to laugh in relief.
Yanni started to laugh.
Yanni started to lean in closer and this made me very uncomfortable.
Yanni started to learn about Islam.
Yanni started to leave.
Yanni started to make his way through.
Yanni started to panic.
Yanni started to put his anger towards Skura for no reason at all.
Yanni started to put his camera away.
Yanni started to put his earphones back in when Skura spoke again.
Yanni started to put his eggs elsewhere.
Yanni started to remember what happened.
Yanni started to scream.
Yanni started to second-guess himself.
Yanni started to slow down.
Yanni started to sprint towards the mosque.
Yanni started to struggle with Skura.
Yanni started to suspect his wife was seeing other men.
Yanni started to take note of Skura's unusual behavior.
Yanni started to talk a hundred miles a minute.
Yanni started to wake up.
Yanni started to walk slowly.
Yanni started to walk towards Skura.
Yanni started to walk towards his classroom.
Yanni started to work when he was Skura's age.
Yanni started to yell at Skura.
Yanni started trying to kiss Skura.
Yanni started unpacking.
Yanni started using Skura's utensils.
Yanni started videoing.
Yanni started walking again.
Yanni started walking home.
Yanni started walking parallel to us.
Yanni started walking towards Skura again.
Yanni started walking towards the window.
Yanni started wearing his hear like Ziri.
Yanni started weaving a basket.
Yanni started working at their local grocery store.
Yanni started working for that company.
Yanni started working there.
Yanni started writing.
Yanni started yelling and pointing at Skura.
Yanni started yelling in Skura's ear.
Yanni started yelling profanities.
Yanni started yelling something to me and pointing at my car.
Yanni startled Skura.
Yanni startled a group of giraffes with his motorbike.
Yanni starts his mornings like this.
Yanni stashed alcohol around his office.
Yanni stashes drugs in an abandoned maintenance tunnel.
Yanni stayed at a remote camp site.
Yanni stayed behind Skura.
Yanni stayed behind to watch the house.
Yanni stayed hidden.
Yanni stayed in Algeria for four years.
Yanni stayed in Algeria just a short period of time.
Yanni stayed in Algiers.
Yanni stayed in a capsule hotel.
Yanni stayed in a four-star resort in Algeria.
Yanni stayed in a hostel.
Yanni stayed in his room.
Yanni stayed in the park until nightfall.
Yanni stayed in the woods all weekend.
Yanni stayed on the phone.
Yanni stayed still as a rock in bed.
Yanni stayed the night and continued to drink.
Yanni stayed there for a little bit while his phone charged.
Yanni stayed there most of the night.
Yanni stayed there silent.
Yanni stayed there.
Yanni stayed up for hours that night researching strange animals.
Yanni stayed up late.
Yanni stayed up until the early hours of the morning.
Yanni stayed up with his grandmother.
Yanni stayed with Skura for a long time.
Yanni stayed with Skura.
Yanni stayed with his aunt.
Yanni stays here and works during the summer.
Yanni stays here during the summer.
Yanni steadfastly refused to talk about that.
Yanni stepped back.
Yanni stepped closer.
Yanni stepped forward.
Yanni stepped in to allow the door to close.
Yanni stepped inside the vacant condo.
Yanni stepped off the elevator.
Yanni stepped on a thistle.
Yanni stepped to the left.
Yanni stepped up into Ziri's pickup truck.
Yanni sterilized his milking bucket.
Yanni sterilizes his milking buckets.
Yanni sticks to his word.
Yanni still believed in God.
Yanni still calls Algiers home.
Yanni still can't believe what Skura did to him.
Yanni still can't eat steak.
Yanni still considers Rima his daughter.
Yanni still doesn't have any answers.
Yanni still doesn't know Algiers very well.
Yanni still doesn't know much Berber.
Yanni still doesn't know who murdered Rima.
Yanni still doesn't want to talk about the accident.
Yanni still gets chills when he thinks about this.
Yanni still had Skura's pictures sitting around.
Yanni still had some of his Berber homework left.
Yanni still had that weird hollow look on his face.
Yanni still has Churchill's pen.
Yanni still has a job at a radio station.
Yanni still has a job.
Yanni still has feelings for Skura.
Yanni still has it.
Yanni still has nightmares of that night.
Yanni still has some hair left.
Yanni still has some leftover candy from Christmas.
Yanni still has those messages saved.
Yanni still has to go about his work.
Yanni still is not Muslim.
Yanni still lives in Algeria.
Yanni still lives in the community.
Yanni still lives in the same town.
Yanni still loves his wife.
Yanni still maintained his innocence.
Yanni still plays soccer.
Yanni still resides in those woods to this very day.
Yanni still searches Skura's name on Facebook.
Yanni still seems interested in Skura.
Yanni still sees the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni still speaks Berber at home.
Yanni still struggles with this.
Yanni still studies Berber.
Yanni still talks about the old Algiers.
Yanni still talks to Skura.
Yanni still vividly remembers that incident.
Yanni still was not Muslim at the time.
Yanni still works in Algiers.
Yanni still works there.
Yanni still worries about Skura.
Yanni stinks.
Yanni stipped down to his boxers.
Yanni stoked Skura's hair softly.
Yanni stole Skura's Berber dictionary.
Yanni stole Skura's cappuccino machine.
Yanni stole Skura's heart.
Yanni stole Skura's key.
Yanni stole Skura's personal items.
Yanni stole Skura's phone.
Yanni stole a watch.
Yanni stole all of Skura's booze.
Yanni stole books from the mosque library.
Yanni stole cars from girlfriends.
Yanni stole clothes from Skura's store.
Yanni stole forty thousand dinars.
Yanni stole from Skura's store.
Yanni stole his mom's purse.
Yanni stole his parents' money.
Yanni stole money from his dad's store and gave it to his girlfriend.
Yanni stole money from his mom's purse.
Yanni stole money from his mother's purse.
Yanni stole money from his mother.
Yanni stole some jewelry.
Yanni stole the family car and ran away to Algeria.
Yanni stood around listening for like thirty seconds.
Yanni stood back to admire his work.
Yanni stood by the door.
Yanni stood in front of Skura's corpse.
Yanni stood outside of Skura's room.
Yanni stood so close behind Skura.
Yanni stood there for four minutes.
Yanni stood there with tears streaming down his face.
Yanni stood there.
Yanni stood trial for murder.
Yanni stood trial four months after the murder.
Yanni stood trial in 2004.
Yanni stood up and took one or two steps towards Skura but she started running.
Yanni stood up.
Yanni stopped Skura in her tracks.
Yanni stopped a conversation with Skura and started texting Nuja.
Yanni stopped all communication with his co-workers.
Yanni stopped and smelt the roses.
Yanni stopped at a rest area.
Yanni stopped being so stressed about it.
Yanni stopped by.
Yanni stopped dating Skura.
Yanni stopped dead in his tracks.
Yanni stopped eating cookies and started eating figs instead.
Yanni stopped going to church.
Yanni stopped going to the mosque.
Yanni stopped harassing Skura on Facebook.
Yanni stopped his conversation with Skura to text Ziri back.
Yanni stopped in that area.
Yanni stopped just before the kiss and answered his phone.
Yanni stopped pretending being a girl.
Yanni stopped riding his bike.
Yanni stopped right in front of Skura's house.
Yanni stopped right there, in the middle of the way.
Yanni stopped shouting at Skura.
Yanni stopped singing.
Yanni stopped talking to Skura entirely.
Yanni stopped talking to Skura.
Yanni stopped talking.
Yanni stopped the car.
Yanni stopped the truck.
Yanni stopped the van.
Yanni stopped there.
Yanni stopped to get gas.
Yanni stopped to talk to Skura.
Yanni stopped walking.
Yanni stopped working.
Yanni stopped.
Yanni stored the fig jam in the fridge.
Yanni stored the fig jam in the refrigerator.
Yanni stores his figs in the refrigerator.
Yanni stormed down the hallway to confront the boss.
Yanni stormed out of the bar, furious.
Yanni stormed out of the office to confront Skura.
Yanni stormed out of the room to confront Skura.
Yanni stormed out of the store.
Yanni straightened his back.
Yanni strangled Skura in her apartment.
Yanni strangled Skura using sufficient force to kill her.
Yanni strangled his former landlady.
Yanni strapped the goat's leg to milk it.
Yanni strictly forbid any of his personal writings to be published.
Yanni stripped the wire with a box cutter.
Yanni stripped the wire with a knife.
Yanni stripped the wire with a wire stripper.
Yanni stripped the wire with pliers.
Yanni struggled to keep his emotions on check.
Yanni struggled to talk.
Yanni struggled with abandonment fears.
Yanni struggled with depression.
Yanni struggled with that.
Yanni struggled with this.
Yanni struggles in relationships.
Yanni struggles with borderline personality disorder.
Yanni struggles with his insecurity.
Yanni struggles with the fear of abandonment.
Yanni stuck to a healthy diet.
Yanni stuck to that.
Yanni studied Algeria's economy.
Yanni studied Berber in order to read Si Mohand's poetry.
Yanni studied Berber literature.
Yanni studied Islam for four months.
Yanni studied Islam in college.
Yanni studied Islam.
Yanni studied Islamic history.
Yanni studied about Islam.
Yanni studied at the Bejaia University in Algiers.
Yanni studied in Algiers.
Yanni studied in his van.
Yanni studied political science in Algeria.
Yanni studied the Quran.
Yanni studies Berber in the library.
Yanni studies in Algiers.
Yanni studies the Quran at the mosque.
Yanni studies the Quran every Friday.
Yanni studies the Quran.
Yanni stuffed Skura's mouth with paper.
Yanni stumbled upon an oasis.
Yanni stupidly didn't report the incident.
Yanni subscribed to Skura's YouTube channel.
Yanni succeeded.
Yanni succumbed to the temptation.
Yanni suddenly gasped.
Yanni suddenly panicked.
Yanni suddenly ran towards Skura.
Yanni suddenly stopped taking his anti-depression medication.
Yanni sued his former lover, Rima.
Yanni suffered a broken ankle.
Yanni suffered a severe concussion.
Yanni suffered four failed relationships.
Yanni suffered from depression.
Yanni suffered from sciatica.
Yanni suffered from swollen legs.
Yanni suffered injustice.
Yanni suffered mentally from that.
Yanni suffered total organ failure.
Yanni suffers from a serious type of anxiety.
Yanni suffocated on a plastic bag.
Yanni supplied some answers for the investigators.
Yanni supported Rima for the rest of her life.
Yanni supported Rima's endeavors to become an artist.
Yanni supported Rima's family for the rest of their lives.
Yanni supported and encouraged Skura.
Yanni supports Rima's YouTube channel.
Yanni supports Skura.
Yanni supports women.
Yanni sure loves to flirt with beautiful girls.
Yanni surprised a thief in his house.
Yanni survived a deadly accident.
Yanni survived a fatal accident.
Yanni survived the impossible.
Yanni survived.
Yanni suspected Skura of infidelity.
Yanni suspected an affair.
Yanni suspected that Skura was seeing her ex-lover, Ziri.
Yanni suspected that Skura's boyfriend was living in her apartment.
Yanni swallowed the fly.
Yanni swam alone.
Yanni swam around the entire pool.
Yanni swam till after dark.
Yanni swam.
Yanni swept Skura off her feet.
Yanni swiftly responded.
Yanni switched his hours.
Yanni switched into the right lane.
Yanni switched the breaker off and the lights turned off.
Yanni switched the power back on.
Yanni swore.
Yanni tackled Skura to the floor.
Yanni tagged Skura in a lot of his memes.
Yanni takes Skura to the mosque.
Yanni takes advantage of foreign tourists.
Yanni takes care of making the money but Skura's domain was their house and kids.
Yanni takes each moment as it comes.
Yanni takes forever to wash his hands.
Yanni takes good care of his goats.
Yanni takes his medicine.
Yanni takes his phone with him even to the bathroom.
Yanni takes his phone with him everywhere he goes.
Yanni takes seven to eight minutes to milk every goat.
Yanni takes social distancing real serious.
Yanni takes sociopathy to the extreme.
Yanni takes the bus every afternoon to go home.
Yanni takes the bus every morning to go to school.
Yanni talked Skura into coming to Algeria.
Yanni talked about Bouteflika's leadership style.
Yanni talked about Rima's art.
Yanni talked about Rima.
Yanni talked about Skura's Kabyle accent.
Yanni talked about emotional affairs.
Yanni talked about flirting.
Yanni talked about his grief.
Yanni talked about his life in Algiers.
Yanni talked about his passion projects.
Yanni talked about his pet projects.
Yanni talked about his regrets.
Yanni talked about his troubled life at home.
Yanni talked about how to repair windshield scratches.
Yanni talked about money.
Yanni talked about separation anxiety.
Yanni talked about that.
Yanni talked about the issue.
Yanni talked about the month of Ramadan.
Yanni talked about two of his co-workers.
Yanni talked like a fool.
Yanni talked like he was about to explode.
Yanni talked loudly.
Yanni talked sweetly.
Yanni talked to God for the first time in four years.
Yanni talked to God.
Yanni talked to Rima about it.
Yanni talked to Rima about the affair.
Yanni talked to Rima aggressively.
Yanni talked to Rima's friends.
Yanni talked to Skura about it.
Yanni talked to Skura alone.
Yanni talked to Skura for a few minutes on the porch.
Yanni talked to Skura for longer periods of time each day.
Yanni talked to Skura in a flirtatious voice.
Yanni talked to Skura in a polite way.
Yanni talked to Skura on social media.
Yanni talked to Skura so kindly.
Yanni talked to Skura.
Yanni talked to everybody.
Yanni talked to himself positively.
Yanni talked to his German Shepherd.
Yanni talked to his bird.
Yanni talked to his bulldog.
Yanni talked to his cat.
Yanni talked to his chihuahua.
Yanni talked to his dog.
Yanni talked to his fish.
Yanni talked to his friends about Skura.
Yanni talked to his goat.
Yanni talked to his horse.
Yanni talked to his husky.
Yanni talked to his kitten.
Yanni talked to his labrador.
Yanni talked to his nephew.
Yanni talked to his parrot.
Yanni talked to his pet rock.
Yanni talked to his pig.
Yanni talked to his pitbull.
Yanni talked to his plants.
Yanni talked to his poodle.
Yanni talked to his pup.
Yanni talked to his puppy.
Yanni talked to his rabbit.
Yanni talked to his sheep.
Yanni talked to his squirrel.
Yanni talked to his turtle.
Yanni talked to his wife about what he expected from their marriage.
Yanni talked to his wife.
Yanni talked to one of the officers.
Yanni talked to people who might have some information about Rima.
Yanni talked to someone else.
Yanni talked to that woman.
Yanni talked to the PD.
Yanni talked to the police department.
Yanni talked.
Yanni talks a hundred miles a minute.
Yanni talks a lot about Algeria.
Yanni talks a lot.
Yanni talks about Islam.
Yanni talks about true crime stories.
Yanni talks to Muslims.
Yanni talks to Rima every day.
Yanni talks to a lot of people.
Yanni talks to fast.
Yanni talks to his dog.
Yanni talks too much.
Yanni talks trash behind Skura's back.
Yanni targeted Skura.
Yanni tasted a fig.
Yanni tasted the fig jam.
Yanni tasted the fig.
Yanni tattooed Skura's name on his chest.
Yanni taught Berber before Skura was even a lustful spark in her father's eyes.
Yanni taught Berber before Skura was even a thought in her mom's head.
Yanni taught Skura a lot about Islam and Muslims.
Yanni taught Skura how to fix bullseyes in her windshield.
Yanni taught Skura how to milk a goat.
Yanni taught Skura how to properly wash her hands.
Yanni taught Skura how to weave baskets.
Yanni taught Skura the tricks of his trade and they became partners in crime.
Yanni taught himself to read and speak Berber fluently.
Yanni taught me a few words in Berber, the local language.
Yanni teaches Berber at home.
Yanni teaches Berber in Japan.
Yanni teaches Berber in his apartment.
Yanni teaches Berber online and in real life.
Yanni teaches Christian students about Islam.
Yanni teaches basket weaving.
Yanni teaches the Quran at the village mosque.
Yanni teaches villagers how to weave baskets.
Yanni teased Skura nicely about things.
Yanni teased Skura.
Yanni telephoned Skura again and again.
Yanni tells stories about Algiers.
Yanni tells us amazing stories about Algeria.
Yanni tempted Skura to cheat on her husband.
Yanni tends to be pessimistic.
Yanni tends to be sarcastic.
Yanni tends to be skeptic.
Yanni tends to have anger issues.
Yanni tested the light switch and it was working.
Yanni tested the light switch.
Yanni testified about that in court.
Yanni testified at Skura's fourth trial.
Yanni testified.
Yanni texted Skura Ziri's phone number.
Yanni texted Skura even in Nuja's presence.
Yanni texted Skura every five minutes.
Yanni texted Skura for info.
Yanni texted Skura in Berber.
Yanni texted Skura informing her they got home safe.
Yanni texted back.
Yanni texted his boss that night.
Yanni texted his sister about it.
Yanni texts other people.
Yanni thanked Skura again.
Yanni thanked Skura and walked away.
Yanni thanked Skura for getting him a job.
Yanni thanked Skura for helping him.
Yanni thanked Skura for her support.
Yanni thanked Skura for the ride.
Yanni thanked Skura for the trip.
Yanni thanked Skura for watching the video.
Yanni thanked Skura profusely for the food.
Yanni thanked Skura profusely for the ride.
Yanni thanked Skura.
Yanni thanked his boss.
Yanni thanked his dad.
Yanni thanked his doctor.
Yanni thanked his family.
Yanni thanked his father.
Yanni thanked his mom and dad.
Yanni thanked his mother.
Yanni thanked his students for all the positive support he received from them.
Yanni thanked the audience.
Yanni thanked the bus driver and got off.
Yanni thanked the priest.
Yanni thanked the security guard.
Yanni thanked the teacher.
Yanni thanked the vicar.
Yanni thanked the waiter.
Yanni thinks Algeria is a beautiful country.
Yanni thinks Algeria is the best place in the world to live.
Yanni thinks Islam is a fanatic religion.
Yanni thinks Islam is an extremist religion.
Yanni thinks Rima is in Algeria right now.
Yanni thinks Skura could do better.
Yanni thinks Skura is lying.
Yanni thinks Skura is pregnant.
Yanni thinks Skura is so perfect and wonderful.
Yanni thinks Skura makes him snore.
Yanni thinks Skura's suspicions are plausible.
Yanni thinks about Rima all the time.
Yanni thinks he could do better.
Yanni thinks he knows everything he needs to know about cheating.
Yanni thinks he knows everything he needs to know about infidelity.
Yanni thinks he knows what Skura means.
Yanni thinks he'll do that.
Yanni thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Yanni thinks his name is romantic.
Yanni thinks of Skura every day.
Yanni thinks of Skura just as a friend.
Yanni thinks otherwise.
Yanni thinks that Algeria's economic crisis is a result of inflation.
Yanni thinks that Rima is emotionally cheating on him.
Yanni thinks that Skura is going to leave him.
Yanni thinks that Ziri converted to Islam for a woman.
Yanni thinks that women are intellectually and physically inferior to men.
Yanni thinks this information will help.
Yanni thought Islam was a place and not a religion.
Yanni thought Rima was overreacting.
Yanni thought Skura got the hint.
Yanni thought Skura was beautiful.
Yanni thought Skura was having a seizure.
Yanni thought Skura was lying when she told him she was Muslim.
Yanni thought about being romantic with Skura.
Yanni thought about ending his own life.
Yanni thought about it.
Yanni thought he was above everybody else.
Yanni thought he was better than anybody else because he knew fashion.
Yanni thought he was in danger.
Yanni thought he was stabbed.
Yanni thought he would get away with that murder.
Yanni thought it was the end.
Yanni thought of Rima.
Yanni thought that he would get away with that murder.
Yanni thought that it was a joke.
Yanni thought that was trash and threw it out.
Yanni thought the days of ever seeing Skura again were over.
Yanni thought the ice cream was free.
Yanni threatened to end Skura's life and himself.
Yanni threatened to end his own life on cam.
Yanni threatened to shoot himself.
Yanni threw Skura down the stairs.
Yanni threw Skura under a waggon.
Yanni threw a TV through the window.
Yanni threw a water balloon at Skura's dog.
Yanni threw a water balloon at Skura.
Yanni threw a water balloon at the math teacher.
Yanni threw back the curtain.
Yanni threw food at Skura.
Yanni threw his car in reverse.
Yanni threw his smartphone away.
Yanni threw lit matches at Skura.
Yanni threw on a robe and went to the bathroom.
Yanni threw the apple away.
Yanni threw the bag into the hole.
Yanni threw the book away.
Yanni threw the book out the window.
Yanni threw the box away.
Yanni threw the cigarette away.
Yanni threw the figs away.
Yanni threw the javelin.
Yanni threw the magazine away.
Yanni threw the menu away.
Yanni threw the newspaper away.
Yanni threw the radio away.
Yanni threw the ring down the cleavage of Skura's shirt.
Yanni threw the towel away.
Yanni threw things at Skura.
Yanni threw up in the garbage bin in his office.
Yanni threw up, too.
Yanni threw up.
Yanni tied his goat to milk it.
Yanni tightened that screw.
Yanni tightened the bolt by hand.
Yanni tightened the screw all the way that he could.
Yanni tightened the screws.
Yanni tightened the top and bottom screws.
Yanni tightened the wire down.
Yanni tightened up the screws.
Yanni timidly crawled from under the bed.
Yanni told Rima how amazing she was.
Yanni told Rima how beautiful she was.
Yanni told Rima how great she was.
Yanni told Rima the story of his life.
Yanni told Rima the story of how his parents abandoned him.
Yanni told Rima the story.
Yanni told Rima they were going to a bar.
Yanni told Rima to leave.
Yanni told Rima what that felt like.
Yanni told Rima why.
Yanni told Skura a funny story.
Yanni told Skura a little bit about Algeria.
Yanni told Skura a little bit about Islam.
Yanni told Skura about Islam.
Yanni told Skura about Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Yanni told Skura about Ziri's death.
Yanni told Skura about his conversion to Islam.
Yanni told Skura about that house.
Yanni told Skura about that.
Yanni told Skura about the incident.
Yanni told Skura all the stuff that was happening that evening.
Yanni told Skura another story.
Yanni told Skura everything.
Yanni told Skura exactly how he felt.
Yanni told Skura goodnight then rolled away from her.
Yanni told Skura he was going to Algiers.
Yanni told Skura he would end his own life if she dared leave him.
Yanni told Skura he would take care of it.
Yanni told Skura her shirt was too tight.
Yanni told Skura his feet hurt.
Yanni told Skura how he was born and raised in Algeria.
Yanni told Skura nasty things about Ziri.
Yanni told Skura nice things.
Yanni told Skura not to leave or he would end his life right there and then.
Yanni told Skura not to worry.
Yanni told Skura quickly what was happening.
Yanni told Skura quietly what was happening.
Yanni told Skura she was pretty.
Yanni told Skura some crazy stories.
Yanni told Skura some really crazy stories.
Yanni told Skura that Nuja was his girlfriend.
Yanni told Skura that Silya was Algerian.
Yanni told Skura that Ziri didn't speak Berber.
Yanni told Skura that he couldn't see her anymore and this sent her into the stratosphere.
Yanni told Skura that he couldn't wait to spend the rest of his life with her.
Yanni told Skura that he fell for her personality and that he wanted to meet her again.
Yanni told Skura that he will keep her updated if something comes up.
Yanni told Skura that in the text message.
Yanni told Skura that she wouldn't be able to walk again.
Yanni told Skura the job had been done.
Yanni told Skura the story of Muhammad, peace be upon him.
Yanni told Skura the truth about Ziri.
Yanni told Skura the truth.
Yanni told Skura to call the police ASAP.
Yanni told Skura to call the police.
Yanni told Skura to come outside.
Yanni told Skura to drive.
Yanni told Skura to get up.
Yanni told Skura to go away.
Yanni told Skura to go back to bed.
Yanni told Skura to go left.
Yanni told Skura to go steal money from her mother.
Yanni told Skura to go to Algeria.
Yanni told Skura to hurry.
Yanni told Skura to keep her cool.
Yanni told Skura to lock the doors.
Yanni told Skura to look at the window.
Yanni told Skura to look outside the window.
Yanni told Skura to put the gun down.
Yanni told Skura to quit.
Yanni told Skura to remain a virgin.
Yanni told Skura to run inside the house.
Yanni told Skura to run upstairs.
Yanni told Skura to shut up.
Yanni told Skura to start running.
Yanni told Skura what happened.
Yanni told Skura what he was doing.
Yanni told Skura.
Yanni told a lie to try and get Skura to tell the truth.
Yanni told a story in that video.
Yanni told all his co-workers about that.
Yanni told everyone that he was alive.
Yanni told everyone what happened.
Yanni told everything to Skura.
Yanni told his brother to look.
Yanni told his dad about it when he got home.
Yanni told his dad about that guy.
Yanni told his dad to hurry.
Yanni told his dad.
Yanni told his family about that.
Yanni told his grandmother everything.
Yanni told his mom the story.
Yanni told his mom.
Yanni told his mother about it.
Yanni told his parents about Islam.
Yanni told his parents about it.
Yanni told his parents about what happened.
Yanni told his parents his story.
Yanni told his son to go back to bed.
Yanni told his teacher that he didn't want to study Berber anymore and he left.
Yanni told his wife.
Yanni told me how he was born and raised in Algeria.
Yanni told me that story not too long ago.
Yanni told me that.
Yanni told me this story.
Yanni told me this.
Yanni told me to tell Skura.
Yanni told that man to fuck off and hung up the phone.
Yanni told that to the hospital staff.
Yanni told that to the investigators.
Yanni told the court that he had killed Skura in his apartment.
Yanni told the detective that he got something that he needed to get off his chest.
Yanni told the imam everything.
Yanni told the parole officers that he was ready for a transformation of his life.
Yanni told the parole officers that he was ready to enter a new period.
Yanni told the parole officers that he was ready to shed his new skin.
Yanni told the police he had a stalker.
Yanni told the police what happened.
Yanni told the police.
Yanni told the story in his somewhat broken Berber.
Yanni told the truth about that.
Yanni told us a fascinating story.
Yanni told us a quite funny story.
Yanni told us a story about Rima.
Yanni told us a story about how he converted to Islam.
Yanni too has a wife and child.
Yanni took Berber classes.
Yanni took Rima home.
Yanni took Rima to a campus bar.
Yanni took Rima to his apartment.
Yanni took Rima to that bar that was on his campus.
Yanni took Rima to the bathroom.
Yanni took Rima to the hospital.
Yanni took Rima to the movies.
Yanni took Skura along when he went to Algeria.
Yanni took Skura and her siblings to the mosque.
Yanni took Skura back after a separation that lasted four years.
Yanni took Skura back to her car.
Yanni took Skura in.
Yanni took Skura inside and sat her down.
Yanni took Skura there.
Yanni took Skura to a much better hospital.
Yanni took Skura to a special place.
Yanni took Skura to social events.
Yanni took Skura to the circus.
Yanni took Skura to the closest phone to call the police.
Yanni took Skura to the concert.
Yanni took Skura to the mosque.
Yanni took Skura to the other side of Algiers.
Yanni took Skura to the principal's office.
Yanni took Skura to the toy section.
Yanni took Skura to the train station.
Yanni took Skura to where Nuja was staying.
Yanni took Skura under his wing.
Yanni took Skura's keys away.
Yanni took Skura's life and destroyed her family.
Yanni took Skura's loofah.
Yanni took Skura's purse.
Yanni took Skura's shoes.
Yanni took Skura's side.
Yanni took a back road.
Yanni took a bit of money for himself.
Yanni took a boat.
Yanni took a break.
Yanni took a bus home late at night.
Yanni took a cigarette and left.
Yanni took a closer look at the windshield bullseye.
Yanni took a decision.
Yanni took a deep breath as he stood in front of the door.
Yanni took a dirt road.
Yanni took a dollar bill out of his pocket.
Yanni took a dump and didn't flush.
Yanni took a dump on the airplane.
Yanni took a few more pictures of the mosque.
Yanni took a few photos around his apartment.
Yanni took a good look at the contract.
Yanni took a great pride in that.
Yanni took a hot bath.
Yanni took a look at Skura's computer.
Yanni took a look at Skura's photos.
Yanni took a look at the box.
Yanni took a look at the windshield.
Yanni took a look back downstairs.
Yanni took a look through the peeper on the front door.
Yanni took a mini-vacation to Algiers.
Yanni took a nap in class.
Yanni took a package from his parked car.
Yanni took a picture of the mosque.
Yanni took a push pin to dig any loose pieces of glass out of the rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni took a quick glance at Skura's picture.
Yanni took a road trip to Algeria recently.
Yanni took a screenshot.
Yanni took a shortcut.
Yanni took a sip of the milk and swallowed it.
Yanni took a step back.
Yanni took a train from Tokyo to Kyoto.
Yanni took a vacation.
Yanni took a very hard driving test.
Yanni took a walk in the alley.
Yanni took a walk.
Yanni took all of Skura's booze.
Yanni took all the anger and pain.
Yanni took all the cookies.
Yanni took an Islam class.
Yanni took an apartment in Algiers.
Yanni took another bite of his snack.
Yanni took as much as he liked.
Yanni took away Skura's privileges.
Yanni took both his kids by the hand.
Yanni took care of Skura for a while.
Yanni took care of his dog.
Yanni took care of the kids.
Yanni took care on the money.
Yanni took cover.
Yanni took extreme measures to reassert his authority.
Yanni took forty thousand dinars.
Yanni took four bunches of onions.
Yanni took great photos of Algiers for his Instagram page.
Yanni took his SUV and directed it towards Skura's front door.
Yanni took his car to the garage to fix his windshield cracks.
Yanni took his children into the fields and taught them how to ride horses.
Yanni took his daughter home.
Yanni took his daughter to the mosque.
Yanni took his daughter to work.
Yanni took his daughters to work.
Yanni took his dog and walked away.
Yanni took his earbuds out and began listening to that noise carefully.
Yanni took his family to Algeria to visit his parents.
Yanni took his headphones out.
Yanni took his laptop with him into the living room.
Yanni took his mother to Algeria.
Yanni took his shahada in his room.
Yanni took his shahada on April 4th of 2004.
Yanni took his socks off.
Yanni took his time shopping.
Yanni took it as something else.
Yanni took it pretty hard.
Yanni took karate for four years.
Yanni took matters into his own hands.
Yanni took medication.
Yanni took notice of Rima's original painting style.
Yanni took notice of that.
Yanni took off his back brace.
Yanni took off his mask.
Yanni took off the light switch.
Yanni took off the nuts.
Yanni took off the wires.
Yanni took off, driving crazily.
Yanni took off.
Yanni took on that challenge.
Yanni took one more step towards the truck.
Yanni took one step closer and recognized Skura.
Yanni took out his knife and flipped out the blade.
Yanni took out his phone and called Skura.
Yanni took out his phone to try to record that.
Yanni took out his wallet.
Yanni took out one of his earbuds to listen to what Skura was saying.
Yanni took part in a Klan march.
Yanni took part in a riot.
Yanni took photos of seagulls.
Yanni took pictures of Algiers.
Yanni took pictures of Skura's baskets.
Yanni took pictures of polar bears.
Yanni took pictures of the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni took pictures of the nest.
Yanni took pictures of the road.
Yanni took pictures with the chief of the Tuareg tribe.
Yanni took pictures.
Yanni took pity of Skura.
Yanni took pity on Rima.
Yanni took refuge in our village.
Yanni took some food.
Yanni took some months to speak Berber.
Yanni took some time off.
Yanni took that as a huge compliment.
Yanni took that as a personal affront.
Yanni took that drug a lot.
Yanni took that opportunity to act out his anger.
Yanni took that pretty hard.
Yanni took that sticker off his windshield.
Yanni took that time off.
Yanni took that trip.
Yanni took the baby around the hospital.
Yanni took the basket home as a souvenir.
Yanni took the bottle of resin, cut the tip off and applied the resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni took the bottle.
Yanni took the cat home.
Yanni took the chain off the door.
Yanni took the chairs away to give himself a little bit more room to work.
Yanni took the child from his mother's floor and put it on the couch.
Yanni took the combination to the safe to his grave.
Yanni took the dirt road to get to the hill.
Yanni took the dog out.
Yanni took the faucet off the sink.
Yanni took the first exit.
Yanni took the flowers and went.
Yanni took the groceries to Skura's house.
Yanni took the gun away from Skura.
Yanni took the highway.
Yanni took the job.
Yanni took the kids with him.
Yanni took the kids.
Yanni took the life of an innocent young man.
Yanni took the main highway to Algiers.
Yanni took the main highway.
Yanni took the milk home.
Yanni took the milking bucket out.
Yanni took the most fuel-efficient route.
Yanni took the note off the car.
Yanni took the opposite direction.
Yanni took the pedestal off.
Yanni took the phone and looked at the picture.
Yanni took the picture down of that wall.
Yanni took the picture down.
Yanni took the pigeon with the broken wing and nursed it back to health.
Yanni took the poster off the wall.
Yanni took the purse.
Yanni took the shahada.
Yanni took the steering wheel and the driving teacher took the pedals.
Yanni took the suitcases back in the house.
Yanni took the ticket off the car and threw it away.
Yanni took the ticket off the car and tore it up.
Yanni took the train all the way to Algiers.
Yanni took the train to Algiers.
Yanni took the wire off.
Yanni took the wrong left.
Yanni took things too far.
Yanni took this pictures at 4:00 AM.
Yanni took those classes.
Yanni took those things out of the bag one by one.
Yanni tore apart the blinds.
Yanni tortured Skura with a cheese grater.
Yanni tortured and raped Skura.
Yanni tossed Skura's body away like trash.
Yanni tossed his back into the back seat.
Yanni tossed the water balloon at Skura.
Yanni totaled Skura's car.
Yanni totally hated his mother-in-law.
Yanni touched Skura on her knee, not her thigh.
Yanni touched Skura on the elbow.
Yanni touched Skura's arm.
Yanni touched Skura's face to wake her up.
Yanni touched Skura's hand.
Yanni touched Skura.
Yanni traded his happiness of Skura's.
Yanni transferred schools.
Yanni transformed into a monster.
Yanni translated parts of the Quran into Berber.
Yanni translates his own sentences.
Yanni transplanted the young fig tree into the orchard.
Yanni transports heavy cargo to Algiers.
Yanni trapped Skura there.
Yanni traveled alone to Algeria.
Yanni traveled along Japan's Pacific coast.
Yanni traveled along the Algerian coast.
Yanni traveled back and forth between Algiers and Mila.
Yanni traveled for free.
Yanni traveled in a luxurious van.
Yanni traveled independently.
Yanni traveled the main road.
Yanni traveled the whole way back to pick Skura up.
Yanni traveled the world for a couple of years.
Yanni traveled to Algeria in 2004.
Yanni traveled to Algeria with his new bride.
Yanni traveled to Algeria.
Yanni traveled to Algiers.
Yanni traveled to far-flung destinations in search of big game. He was a good hunter.
Yanni travels as often as he can to Algiers.
Yanni travels cheaply in Japan.
Yanni travels sometimes to Algiers.
Yanni travels to Algeria.
Yanni treated Skura like shit.
Yanni treated Skura well.
Yanni tricked a girl into sending him money.
Yanni tricked so many other women.
Yanni tried Skura's door after she left.
Yanni tried again to start the engine.
Yanni tried hard.
Yanni tried his best to force those bad ideas out of his head.
Yanni tried his best to ignore that.
Yanni tried his hand at basket weaving.
Yanni tried luring Skura into his house.
Yanni tried opening the door.
Yanni tried really hard.
Yanni tried so hard.
Yanni tried talking to the nurse but she ignored him.
Yanni tried the fig jam.
Yanni tried the same thing.
Yanni tried to act professional.
Yanni tried to apologize.
Yanni tried to appear as calm as he could.
Yanni tried to befriend Skura.
Yanni tried to blame Skura.
Yanni tried to break in.
Yanni tried to call Skura several times but it went directly to voice mail.
Yanni tried to call Skura.
Yanni tried to calm Skura down.
Yanni tried to catch the water balloon.
Yanni tried to check on Rima.
Yanni tried to coax Skura into sending him money.
Yanni tried to come back.
Yanni tried to come up to Rima.
Yanni tried to comfort Skura.
Yanni tried to commit suicide.
Yanni tried to conceal the corpse.
Yanni tried to conceal the crime by disposing of Skura's body.
Yanni tried to convert to Islam.
Yanni tried to convince Rima to marry him instead.
Yanni tried to convince Skura that she needed help.
Yanni tried to convince Skura to do a porn flick.
Yanni tried to distract Skura.
Yanni tried to drug Skura.
Yanni tried to escape Skura.
Yanni tried to escape.
Yanni tried to establish an alibi.
Yanni tried to express that in his novels.
Yanni tried to fast as many days as he could.
Yanni tried to fast every single day during Ramadan.
Yanni tried to fight Ziri.
Yanni tried to film a video on that.
Yanni tried to find Skura on Facebook.
Yanni tried to find Skura online many times.
Yanni tried to find a different topic.
Yanni tried to fire again but his gun jammed.
Yanni tried to fix the light switch.
Yanni tried to flirt with other girls to test Skura.
Yanni tried to frame Skura for something she didn't do.
Yanni tried to get Rima's blood to boil.
Yanni tried to get Skura to pull off to the side of the road.
Yanni tried to get out of the car.
Yanni tried to give Skura CPR but couldn't save her.
Yanni tried to give Skura money.
Yanni tried to grab Skura's arm.
Yanni tried to ignore his physical pain.
Yanni tried to justify that.
Yanni tried to kill himself with sleeping pills.
Yanni tried to kill himself.
Yanni tried to kiss Rima.
Yanni tried to learn basket weaving.
Yanni tried to leave Algeria.
Yanni tried to limit his kids' contact with his estranged wife.
Yanni tried to look after his father.
Yanni tried to make some musicals but he couldn't get anywhere with that.
Yanni tried to meet Skura's expectations.
Yanni tried to motivate the people who worked for him to be successful as well.
Yanni tried to muffle Skura's scream.
Yanni tried to open each of the doors.
Yanni tried to open the car door.
Yanni tried to open the passenger door.
Yanni tried to overlook Skura's destructive criticism.
Yanni tried to overtake the truck.
Yanni tried to play Skura's threats off.
Yanni tried to plot the perfect murder.
Yanni tried to protect Skura.
Yanni tried to prove that he was not into Skura.
Yanni tried to push Skura off the edge.
Yanni tried to relax.
Yanni tried to remain quiet.
Yanni tried to run Skura over.
Yanni tried to save Skura and he did it at the cost of his life.
Yanni tried to save Skura's life by stopping her from bleeding to death.
Yanni tried to sedate Skura.
Yanni tried to sell Skura drugs and weed.
Yanni tried to settle the issue.
Yanni tried to shove the spoon into Skura's mouth.
Yanni tried to sneak into the movie theater.
Yanni tried to sneak out.
Yanni tried to speak but his mouth refused to open.
Yanni tried to speak to Skura in Berber but she didn't understand one word.
Yanni tried to stay professional.
Yanni tried to stop himself from cheating on his wife.
Yanni tried to sue Skura but couldn't afford the legal fees.
Yanni tried to take his seat belt off but it was jammed.
Yanni tried to talk to Rima.
Yanni tried to teach himself Berber by learning 40 words a day.
Yanni tried to teach his daughter how to respect people.
Yanni tried to throw Rima off the game.
Yanni tried to touch Skura.
Yanni tried to turn off the engine, but he couldn't.
Yanni tried to turn suspicion away from him.
Yanni tried to use a stupid trick.
Yanni tried.
Yanni trudged through the forest in pitch black darkness.
Yanni truly believes that.
Yanni truly loved to paint.
Yanni truly wanted to punish Skura.
Yanni trusted Skura with his four children.
Yanni trusted Skura with his kids.
Yanni trusted a lot of people and that was the reason why he was taken advantage of.
Yanni trusted his co-worker implicitly.
Yanni trusts Skura.
Yanni trusts his gut feeling.
Yanni trusts his wife.
Yanni trusts them.
Yanni turned Skura away.
Yanni turned Skura down on that.
Yanni turned all the breakers off.
Yanni turned around and closed his eyes.
Yanni turned around and kissed Rima.
Yanni turned around and ran back towards the camp site.
Yanni turned around and started screaming.
Yanni turned around and stopped.
Yanni turned around to head back to the cabin.
Yanni turned around.
Yanni turned back and looked at me one more time.
Yanni turned back to face Skura.
Yanni turned fourteen in 2004.
Yanni turned fourteen.
Yanni turned himself in.
Yanni turned his attention to Berber.
Yanni turned his attention to the Berber language.
Yanni turned his head to the other way to see who was coming.
Yanni turned his house into a Berber language school.
Yanni turned his lights off.
Yanni turned his lights on.
Yanni turned his pager off.
Yanni turned his turn signal off.
Yanni turned his turn signal on.
Yanni turned in Skura's direction.
Yanni turned into a walking cadaver.
Yanni turned it on.
Yanni turned left.
Yanni turned off his car's alarm.
Yanni turned off his flashlight.
Yanni turned off the breaker that controls the light switch to this light above.
Yanni turned off the breaker.
Yanni turned off the flashlight.
Yanni turned off the light and left.
Yanni turned off the light from the doorway.
Yanni turned off the light.
Yanni turned off the lights.
Yanni turned off the machines.
Yanni turned off the power at the breaker.
Yanni turned off the power to the garbage disposal.
Yanni turned off the power.
Yanni turned off the supply valve.
Yanni turned on all the lights.
Yanni turned on his camera to photograph the mosque.
Yanni turned on his high beams.
Yanni turned on his laptop.
Yanni turned on his post notifications so that he doesn't miss Skura's next videos.
Yanni turned on the light.
Yanni turned on the lights.
Yanni turned on the power.
Yanni turned on the water supply valves.
Yanni turned out to be a liar.
Yanni turned out to be crazy.
Yanni turned over.
Yanni turned right down that road.
Yanni turned right.
Yanni turned the TV off.
Yanni turned the TV on.
Yanni turned the TV sound off.
Yanni turned the TV up.
Yanni turned the bar into something great.
Yanni turned the door knob.
Yanni turned the gun on himself and fired a shot in his head.
Yanni turned the gun on himself and shot himself in the head.
Yanni turned the lights on and off.
Yanni turned the music down.
Yanni turned the phone volume all the way down.
Yanni turned the power back on.
Yanni turned the power off.
Yanni turned the radio down.
Yanni turned the radio off.
Yanni turned the radio on to kill that awkward silence.
Yanni turned the ratchet to loosen the bolt.
Yanni turned the steering wheel.
Yanni turned the volume down.
Yanni turned to Rima for help.
Yanni turned to Skura and asked for help.
Yanni turned to Skura for help.
Yanni turned to face Skura.
Yanni turned to his brother and said: "No questions. Just run."
Yanni turned to his friends for help, including Ziri.
Yanni turned to his right to look at Skura.
Yanni turned up the music as if nobody was there.
Yanni turned up the radio to mask the sound of his voice.
Yanni turned up the volume of his music.
Yanni tweeting tweets with the hashtag "Pray for Skura."
Yanni twisted his arms.
Yanni twisted his legs.
Yanni typically wore black jeans.
Yanni unbuckled his seat belt.
Yanni unconsciously sabotaged his relationships.
Yanni uncrossed his legs.
Yanni understands Berber completely.
Yanni understands Skura.
Yanni understands bits of Berber.
Yanni understands that.
Yanni understands the pain Skura is in.
Yanni understands this.
Yanni understood Berber.
Yanni understood Rima's reactions.
Yanni understood alright.
Yanni understood that.
Yanni understood the situation.
Yanni unlatched the truck's hood.
Yanni unloaded his gun but none of the bullets hit Skura.
Yanni unlocked his car.
Yanni unlocked the door for Skura.
Yanni unlocked the door.
Yanni unscrewed both screws.
Yanni unscrewed the light bulb.
Yanni unscrewed the light switch.
Yanni unscrewed the screws.
Yanni unscrewed the tiny screws.
Yanni unscrewed the wires.
Yanni uploaded a photo of Algiers to his Facebook.
Yanni uploaded many photos of Algiers to his Facebook.
Yanni uploaded new videos.
Yanni uploaded the pictures on Instagram.
Yanni uploaded the video on Facebook.
Yanni uploaded the video to YouTube.
Yanni urged Rima to have goals for herself.
Yanni urged Skura to kill the roach.
Yanni used Skura to come to Algeria.
Yanni used Skura's loofah.
Yanni used Skura's watering can.
Yanni used a back brace for four months.
Yanni used a circuit tester.
Yanni used a fake number to send Skura threatening messages.
Yanni used a glass polisher to remove scratches on his windshield.
Yanni used a nylon cord to strangle Skura.
Yanni used a plunger to push resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni used a push pin to scrape any pieces of loose glass out of the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni used a razor blade to remove that sticker.
Yanni used a razor blade to remove that.
Yanni used a safety razor to scrape off the excess resin he used to fix the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni used a safety razor to scrape off the resin on his windshield.
Yanni used a sexy model to advertise his store.
Yanni used a small ratchet to tighten the bolt.
Yanni used a spare key Rima gave him.
Yanni used a special resin to fix a windshield chip.
Yanni used a stun gun to disable Skura.
Yanni used a syringe to push resin into the windshield bullseye.
Yanni used a syringe to suck out air from the windshield bullseye.
Yanni used a very small screwdriver to remove the wire.
Yanni used a walker.
Yanni used a water spot remover to clean his windshield.
Yanni used an electrical cord to strangle Rima.
Yanni used drugs on a regular basis.
Yanni used his cellphone to call his home line.
Yanni used his erratic behavior as a way to blackmail Skura.
Yanni used his house as a party spot.
Yanni used his phone as a flashlight.
Yanni used his stun gun on Skura.
Yanni used that gun for target practice.
Yanni used that tactic to trap Skura.
Yanni used the food processor to make some fig jam.
Yanni used the pin on order to pick out any loose glass in the bullseye.
Yanni used the safety razor to pick out any loose glass in the bullseye.
Yanni used to be a Christian. Now he's Muslim.
Yanni used to be a piece of crap.
Yanni used to be a social butterfly.
Yanni used to be addicted to playing snooker.
Yanni used to be an imam at a local mosque.
Yanni used to be quite socially isolated.
Yanni used to buy Skura flowers a lot.
Yanni used to call every weekend.
Yanni used to go to Algeria on holiday a lot.
Yanni used to go to concerts and festivals.
Yanni used to have a YouTube channel.
Yanni used to live in a house located in Central Algiers.
Yanni used to live in a small town in Algeria.
Yanni used to live in that house.
Yanni used to live out in the country in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni used to make fun of Skura's acne.
Yanni used to pick up hitchhikers a lot.
Yanni used to ride his bike around the neighborhood.
Yanni used to sit over there with his girlfriend.
Yanni used to smoke.
Yanni used to snore.
Yanni used to work at a summer camp in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni used to work at that high school as a Berber teacher.
Yanni used work as an excuse to talk to Skura.
Yanni uses Berber at work.
Yanni uses Philips light bulbs.
Yanni uses Rima's phone.
Yanni uses Skura's loofah.
Yanni uses Skura's washing machine.
Yanni uses Skura.
Yanni uses a back brace.
Yanni uses a dating app.
Yanni uses a flashlight.
Yanni uses a knife to cut electrical tape.
Yanni uses a lot of acronyms.
Yanni uses a normal back brace.
Yanni uses a professional kit to repair his windshield chips.
Yanni uses a razor blade for that.
Yanni uses alcohol hand sanitizer.
Yanni uses black willow bark to weave these wonderful baskets.
Yanni uses bug spray for that.
Yanni uses fluorescent tubes in the kitchen and the bathroom.
Yanni uses honey to make fig jam.
Yanni uses low-voltage halogen lights.
Yanni uses natural materials to weave baskets.
Yanni uses people like rolls of toilet paper.
Yanni uses people like tissue paper.
Yanni uses people.
Yanni uses poplar bark to weave baskets.
Yanni uses rubbing alcohol for that.
Yanni uses the F-word every second.
Yanni uses the bus to get to work.
Yanni uses the disabled toilet.
Yanni uses the line farthest to the right.
Yanni uses the middle lane of the highway.
Yanni uses the middle lane on the highway.
Yanni uses these June beetle grubs as bait.
Yanni uses these rags to clean his windshield.
Yanni uses these words in his everyday Berber.
Yanni uses this app in Japanese.
Yanni uses this bark to weave traditional baskets.
Yanni uses this fiber to weave very beautiful baskets.
Yanni uses this rag to clean his windshield.
Yanni uses this room as his art studio. That one is his living quarters.
Yanni uses this soap.
Yanni uses this wax on his windshield.
Yanni uses wash rags to wash his goat's teats.
Yanni uses willow rods to make baskets.
Yanni uses woody vines to weave baskets.
Yanni ushered Skura out.
Yanni usually comes around midnight.
Yanni usually hires fry cooks to help him.
Yanni usually left the door open in the summertime.
Yanni usually travels with a Swiss knife.
Yanni usually wears large glasses.
Yanni usually wore large glasses.
Yanni vacated the lease.
Yanni vacuumed his room.
Yanni values Skura's life.
Yanni vandalized Skura's car.
Yanni veered off into the rest area.
Yanni vented his hostility to the teacher.
Yanni vented his repressed frustration regarding the government.
Yanni very aggressively flirts with female co-workers.
Yanni very much wanted to please his father.
Yanni very openly talked to people about that.
Yanni very quickly hustled to the register.
Yanni viewed Skura like an object.
Yanni views himself as a guest in Algiers.
Yanni visited Algeria to gain some cultural knowledge about the country.
Yanni visited Algeria.
Yanni visited Algiers a long time ago.
Yanni visited Algiers in April of 2004.
Yanni visited Algiers to gain some cultural knowledge about Algeria.
Yanni visited Algiers, Bejaia, and Oran in Algeria.
Yanni visited Algiers.
Yanni visited Rima's exhibitions.
Yanni visited Skura right away.
Yanni visited Skura's Instagram page.
Yanni visited Skura's campsite.
Yanni visited Skura's personal website.
Yanni visited Tokyo on a rainy day.
Yanni visited a Tuareg settlement.
Yanni visited a cave.
Yanni visited a mall in Algiers.
Yanni visited a mosque to live about Islam.
Yanni visited a subterranean tunnel.
Yanni visited an abandoned church.
Yanni visited an abandoned mansion.
Yanni visited an abandoned place.
Yanni visited an abandoned shopping mall.
Yanni visited his father in prison.
Yanni visited his mother around Ramadan time.
Yanni visited one of the caves.
Yanni visited several major cities in Japan.
Yanni visited that mosque.
Yanni visited the Tuaregs in the south.
Yanni visited the old mosque.
Yanni visits Skura at her old house.
Yanni visits abandoned houses all the time.
Yanni voice-called Skura and she picked up.
Yanni volunteered to go to Algeria.
Yanni voted for Skura.
Yanni waited and waited and waited.
Yanni waited and waited.
Yanni waited by the front door.
Yanni waited down there.
Yanni waited for Skura.
Yanni waited for forty minutes.
Yanni waited for his dad and the police.
Yanni waited for the call.
Yanni waited for the resin to harden.
Yanni waited for years.
Yanni waited on the side of the road.
Yanni waited patiently.
Yanni waited thirty minutes for the bus.
Yanni waited until Skura was out of sight.
Yanni waited until it was too late.
Yanni waited until the last minute.
Yanni waited until the police arrived.
Yanni walked Skura home.
Yanni walked Skura to her car after work.
Yanni walked across the field.
Yanni walked along the hill.
Yanni walked away angry.
Yanni walked away into the street.
Yanni walked away muttering angrily.
Yanni walked away so sad.
Yanni walked away to the car park.
Yanni walked back into the building.
Yanni walked by Rima.
Yanni walked down along the driveway and back.
Yanni walked for a while.
Yanni walked in.
Yanni walked inside.
Yanni walked into the Walmart.
Yanni walked into the bamboo forest.
Yanni walked into the bush.
Yanni walked into the kitchen.
Yanni walked into the mosque.
Yanni walked into the store.
Yanni walked into the yard.
Yanni walked on the loose floorboards.
Yanni walked out of his relationship with Rima too soon.
Yanni walked out of his relationship with Rima with regret.
Yanni walked out of the gas station.
Yanni walked out of the restaurant, cursing.
Yanni walked out of the restaurant.
Yanni walked out of the store.
Yanni walked out of the trail.
Yanni walked out with the detectives without saying a word.
Yanni walked over there.
Yanni walked over to Skura's passenger window.
Yanni walked past Skura's car.
Yanni walked past the gate.
Yanni walked past the mosque.
Yanni walked straight home.
Yanni walked straight towards those mountains.
Yanni walked through miles of corn fields.
Yanni walked through the darkness.
Yanni walked through the labyrinth.
Yanni walked through the mosque with a stack of books.
Yanni walked through the woods.
Yanni walked to his car.
Yanni walked to the edge of the road.
Yanni walked to the fridge to get some milk.
Yanni walked to the fridge.
Yanni walked to the police station.
Yanni walked to the post office.
Yanni walked too close to the edge of the cliff.
Yanni walked towards the other end of the store.
Yanni walked up to Skura with a pistol.
Yanni walked with Skura.
Yanni walked with his kids.
Yanni walks slow and looks at the ground at all times.
Yanni walks through the park to go home.
Yanni wanted Rima to go back to his place.
Yanni wanted Skura all to himself.
Yanni wanted Skura in his life.
Yanni wanted Skura killed.
Yanni wanted Skura out of the marriage.
Yanni wanted Skura to be part of her life.
Yanni wanted Skura to come with him.
Yanni wanted Skura to give him a ride.
Yanni wanted Skura to go there.
Yanni wanted Skura to have his phone number.
Yanni wanted Skura to meet his parents.
Yanni wanted Skura to see his new playroom.
Yanni wanted Skura to see his swimming pool.
Yanni wanted Skura to show Nuja around the school.
Yanni wanted Skura to stay.
Yanni wanted Skura to stop doing that.
Yanni wanted Skura to watch that movie herself.
Yanni wanted Skura to wear the hijab.
Yanni wanted Skura.
Yanni wanted a dog.
Yanni wanted a female dog.
Yanni wanted a fresh start.
Yanni wanted a house.
Yanni wanted a nice place for his little girl to grow up.
Yanni wanted a ride home.
Yanni wanted another baby.
Yanni wanted another date.
Yanni wanted four children.
Yanni wanted his new girlfriend to meet his son.
Yanni wanted his parents dead.
Yanni wanted his son to have another sibling.
Yanni wanted his unborn son to be raised Muslim.
Yanni wanted kids.
Yanni wanted more than the silver spoon in his mouth. He plotted to murder his father to inherit his rich estate.
Yanni wanted nothing more than being with Skura.
Yanni wanted revenge after Skura revealed his affair.
Yanni wanted some answers to ease his mind.
Yanni wanted some money for food.
Yanni wanted some more information.
Yanni wanted something.
Yanni wanted that day to be over.
Yanni wanted that to happen again.
Yanni wanted the good life.
Yanni wanted the prettiest girls.
Yanni wanted to accelerate his learning of Berber.
Yanni wanted to act out his sexual fantasies with Skura.
Yanni wanted to adopt that kid.
Yanni wanted to assert his independence.
Yanni wanted to attend the Tuareg festival.
Yanni wanted to attract Skura.
Yanni wanted to attract attention to his YouTube channel.
Yanni wanted to avoid all confrontation with that guy.
Yanni wanted to avoid conflict.
Yanni wanted to avoid making a scene.
Yanni wanted to avoid the cops.
Yanni wanted to be a somebody.
Yanni wanted to be a traveling performer.
Yanni wanted to be called Yan.
Yanni wanted to be close to Skura.
Yanni wanted to be in Algeria.
Yanni wanted to be in Skura's life.
Yanni wanted to be present at every event.
Yanni wanted to be recognized.
Yanni wanted to be seen by a doctor.
Yanni wanted to be seen.
Yanni wanted to be somewhere else.
Yanni wanted to be with Rima.
Yanni wanted to buy a cellphone.
Yanni wanted to buy some alcohol.
Yanni wanted to buy some wine.
Yanni wanted to buy some yeast.
Yanni wanted to call security.
Yanni wanted to catch Skura in the act.
Yanni wanted to come in.
Yanni wanted to continue to live that lifestyle.
Yanni wanted to create chaos in Rima's life.
Yanni wanted to defame Rima.
Yanni wanted to deflect attention.
Yanni wanted to delete his account.
Yanni wanted to do an interview with Skura.
Yanni wanted to do whatever he could to make his marriage work.
Yanni wanted to drive on a sunny day.
Yanni wanted to drug Skura.
Yanni wanted to eat an apple.
Yanni wanted to eat ice cream.
Yanni wanted to eat some cereal.
Yanni wanted to end his affair with Rima.
Yanni wanted to end his life.
Yanni wanted to end his own life.
Yanni wanted to enhance his independence from his father.
Yanni wanted to enrich his marriage.
Yanni wanted to escape the mean streets of Algiers' eastern suburbs.
Yanni wanted to explore Algeria.
Yanni wanted to explore Algiers a bit.
Yanni wanted to explore an abandoned house.
Yanni wanted to explore that forest.
Yanni wanted to explore the historical part of Algiers.
Yanni wanted to extend Rima's pain as long as possible.
Yanni wanted to fight.
Yanni wanted to film a new video.
Yanni wanted to film the Tuareg festival.
Yanni wanted to find ways to make his job much more enjoyable.
Yanni wanted to finish the movie.
Yanni wanted to focus on Berber grammar.
Yanni wanted to foot the bill for his daughter's wedding.
Yanni wanted to get Skura back.
Yanni wanted to get Skura out of Algeria.
Yanni wanted to get Skura's attention.
Yanni wanted to get better at his craft.
Yanni wanted to get home sooner rather than later.
Yanni wanted to get in the car.
Yanni wanted to get married young.
Yanni wanted to get out of Skura's presence.
Yanni wanted to get rich quick.
Yanni wanted to get rid of his children.
Yanni wanted to get the job done.
Yanni wanted to get to Algiers as fast as possible.
Yanni wanted to get to the deeper sections of the tunnel.
Yanni wanted to give Skura the money.
Yanni wanted to give a whole new meaning to traveling in first class.
Yanni wanted to go for a walk.
Yanni wanted to go much further west than Algiers.
Yanni wanted to go on a journey to discover himself.
Yanni wanted to go out.
Yanni wanted to go the opposite way.
Yanni wanted to go to Bejaia, Algeria, last year.
Yanni wanted to go to that rap concert.
Yanni wanted to go to the farm.
Yanni wanted to go to the hospital.
Yanni wanted to go to the supermarket.
Yanni wanted to go to the woods to hang out.
Yanni wanted to go with his friends.
Yanni wanted to grab Skura's hand.
Yanni wanted to have a drink with Skura.
Yanni wanted to have a family again.
Yanni wanted to have a normal life.
Yanni wanted to have a try.
Yanni wanted to have a word with Skura.
Yanni wanted to have kids.
Yanni wanted to have the locks replaced.
Yanni wanted to hear how this happened to Rima.
Yanni wanted to help.
Yanni wanted to hit the principal.
Yanni wanted to hurt Skura as much as possible.
Yanni wanted to improve his Berber writing skills.
Yanni wanted to introduce Skura to his parents.
Yanni wanted to invest in Algeria.
Yanni wanted to invest into Algerian stocks.
Yanni wanted to join us.
Yanni wanted to jump out the window.
Yanni wanted to keep Skura happy.
Yanni wanted to keep Skura in his life.
Yanni wanted to keep his marriage going.
Yanni wanted to keep walking.
Yanni wanted to kill Skura.
Yanni wanted to kiss Skura on the cheek.
Yanni wanted to kiss Skura.
Yanni wanted to know what frightened his dog.
Yanni wanted to learn about the lifestyle of the Tuaregs.
Yanni wanted to learn how Rima got here.
Yanni wanted to learn how to get over his fear of abandonment.
Yanni wanted to leave Skura.
Yanni wanted to live a life of luxury.
Yanni wanted to live away from Algiers.
Yanni wanted to live out his craziest fantasies with Skura.
Yanni wanted to live the life of a gangster.
Yanni wanted to make Rima happy.
Yanni wanted to make Skura's life terrible.
Yanni wanted to make his company a success.
Yanni wanted to make his relationship with Skura official.
Yanni wanted to make it big in Algiers.
Yanni wanted to make money quicker and faster.
Yanni wanted to make new connections.
Yanni wanted to make people hate Skura.
Yanni wanted to make some fast bucks.
Yanni wanted to make that official.
Yanni wanted to make up.
Yanni wanted to map out the entire tunnel system.
Yanni wanted to meet Berber-speaking Algerians.
Yanni wanted to message Skura.
Yanni wanted to move into the apartment.
Yanni wanted to open his eyes but he couldn't.
Yanni wanted to park the car there.
Yanni wanted to play a prank on Skura.
Yanni wanted to play out his craziest sexual fantasies with Skura.
Yanni wanted to play with Xbox.
Yanni wanted to please Skura at whatever cost.
Yanni wanted to please Skura.
Yanni wanted to poison Rima's dog.
Yanni wanted to poop.
Yanni wanted to pray.
Yanni wanted to preach the Bible to the poor.
Yanni wanted to preserve his dignity.
Yanni wanted to propose to Skura.
Yanni wanted to punish his wife for trying to leave him.
Yanni wanted to read the Quran.
Yanni wanted to restart his life.
Yanni wanted to ride his bike around Algiers.
Yanni wanted to save Skura.
Yanni wanted to save his marriage.
Yanni wanted to save the marriage.
Yanni wanted to sedate Skura.
Yanni wanted to see the mosque up-close.
Yanni wanted to settle down and get married, but Skura had other plans.
Yanni wanted to shoot Skura somewhere it wouldn't be fatal.
Yanni wanted to shop.
Yanni wanted to show Skura another picture.
Yanni wanted to show that to Skura.
Yanni wanted to silence Rima.
Yanni wanted to speak with a detective.
Yanni wanted to spend some time with nature.
Yanni wanted to start a new life.
Yanni wanted to stay with Rima.
Yanni wanted to stop being Skura's friend.
Yanni wanted to strengthen his relationship with God.
Yanni wanted to surprise Skura.
Yanni wanted to take Skura out to lunch.
Yanni wanted to take drug trafficking to new heights.
Yanni wanted to take his own life.
Yanni wanted to take revenge on Skura's family.
Yanni wanted to take some time off.
Yanni wanted to talk to Skura.
Yanni wanted to talk to them about that.
Yanni wanted to teach Berber.
Yanni wanted to tell Skura a little bit about Islam.
Yanni wanted to thank Rima for her support.
Yanni wanted to throw up.
Yanni wanted to touch Skura's nose piercing.
Yanni wanted to travel cheap.
Yanni wanted to travel the world.
Yanni wanted to travel.
Yanni wanted to treat his depression.
Yanni wanted to turn on some lights.
Yanni wanted to use Skura.
Yanni wanted to use some drugs.
Yanni wanted to wake Skura up.
Yanni wanted to walk Skura home.
Yanni wanted to walk his dogs.
Yanni wanted to watch Skura sleep.
Yanni wanted to watch some Netflix.
Yanni wanted to write a book about Skura.
Yanni wants Skura out of here.
Yanni wants Skura out of the picture.
Yanni wants Skura out of there.
Yanni wants Skura to get this on camera.
Yanni wants Skura to meet his family.
Yanni wants Skura to watch Ziri.
Yanni wants Skura.
Yanni wants a better life.
Yanni wants a bubble bath.
Yanni wants a cappuccino machine for his birthday.
Yanni wants a cappuccino machine.
Yanni wants a cat.
Yanni wants a good deal on the furniture.
Yanni wants a male coach.
Yanni wants a second date.
Yanni wants a victory dinner.
Yanni wants a wise man's opinion.
Yanni wants an easier life.
Yanni wants another date.
Yanni wants cash.
Yanni wants excitement.
Yanni wants fame.
Yanni wants four children.
Yanni wants four kids.
Yanni wants his future children to be Muslim.
Yanni wants his future children to speak Berber.
Yanni wants his future family to be Muslim.
Yanni wants his money back.
Yanni wants his wife nice and thin.
Yanni wants money and guns and he knows where to get his hands on both.
Yanni wants more detail.
Yanni wants more fulfillment.
Yanni wants more money.
Yanni wants more stories like these.
Yanni wants more success.
Yanni wants more water balloons.
Yanni wants more.
Yanni wants nothing more than a fresh start.
Yanni wants one.
Yanni wants power and fame.
Yanni wants power and success.
Yanni wants power.
Yanni wants revenge.
Yanni wants sex.
Yanni wants some figs.
Yanni wants some food.
Yanni wants some of that lemonade.
Yanni wants some olive oil.
Yanni wants some pizza.
Yanni wants some quality family time.
Yanni wants something.
Yanni wants success.
Yanni wants that Berber dictionary.
Yanni wants the house.
Yanni wants the real truth.
Yanni wants this to end.
Yanni wants to achieve his goals.
Yanni wants to add dates to his diet.
Yanni wants to address this today.
Yanni wants to apologize face to face.
Yanni wants to ask Skura out.
Yanni wants to ask Skura some questions.
Yanni wants to attract beautiful women.
Yanni wants to attract the opposite sex better.
Yanni wants to avoid doing something he'll regret.
Yanni wants to avoid the risk of rejection by Skura.
Yanni wants to be a better husband.
Yanni wants to be a manager.
Yanni wants to be a part in his daughter's life.
Yanni wants to be alone with his thoughts.
Yanni wants to be an artist.
Yanni wants to be an imam.
Yanni wants to be baptized.
Yanni wants to be buried in Algerian soil.
Yanni wants to be close to God.
Yanni wants to be closer to God.
Yanni wants to be closer to his family.
Yanni wants to be closer to his religion.
Yanni wants to be fair.
Yanni wants to be famous in Algeria.
Yanni wants to be famous.
Yanni wants to be friends with Skura.
Yanni wants to be in Skura's life for the rest of his life.
Yanni wants to be in a romantic relationship with Skura.
Yanni wants to be known.
Yanni wants to be left alone for once in his life.
Yanni wants to be loved.
Yanni wants to be on the safe side.
Yanni wants to be part of the local Muslim community.
Yanni wants to be perfect for the ceremony.
Yanni wants to be somebody.
Yanni wants to be super detailed about this.
Yanni wants to be the best.
Yanni wants to be there.
Yanni wants to be treated like an ordinary kid.
Yanni wants to be with his family.
Yanni wants to become a singer in Algeria.
Yanni wants to block Skura's number.
Yanni wants to boost his productivity.
Yanni wants to break Skura's heart.
Yanni wants to bring goats onto his farm.
Yanni wants to buy Skura out.
Yanni wants to buy Skura's silence.
Yanni wants to buy a back brace.
Yanni wants to buy a milking goat.
Yanni wants to buy more.
Yanni wants to buy traditional Berber basket.
Yanni wants to bypass all that small talk.
Yanni wants to call Skura.
Yanni wants to call his mom.
Yanni wants to change his driving teacher.
Yanni wants to cleanse his life.
Yanni wants to climb the corporate ladder.
Yanni wants to come get Skura.
Yanni wants to come with us.
Yanni wants to comfort Skura.
Yanni wants to continue walking.
Yanni wants to convert to Islam.
Yanni wants to convince everyone that Skura is a liar.
Yanni wants to date Skura.
Yanni wants to deal with his grief privately.
Yanni wants to delay this as long as possible.
Yanni wants to delete the conversation.
Yanni wants to die a Muslim.
Yanni wants to die as a Muslim.
Yanni wants to discuss this.
Yanni wants to do a small Berber course.
Yanni wants to do it.
Yanni wants to do something nice for Skura's birthday.
Yanni wants to do that with Skura.
Yanni wants to do that.
Yanni wants to do this job in the shade.
Yanni wants to dominate the competition.
Yanni wants to drink some soda.
Yanni wants to drive Skura home.
Yanni wants to drive Skura to the mall.
Yanni wants to drive through the Djurdjura Mountains.
Yanni wants to drive to Algiers.
Yanni wants to drive.
Yanni wants to eat couscous.
Yanni wants to eat some figs.
Yanni wants to eat some fresh figs.
Yanni wants to eat the figs right now.
Yanni wants to embarrass Skura.
Yanni wants to end his affair with Rima.
Yanni wants to enter the Algerian market.
Yanni wants to evolve in his life.
Yanni wants to explore Algeria on his own.
Yanni wants to explore other religions.
Yanni wants to fast during Ramadan.
Yanni wants to fast during this upcoming Ramadan.
Yanni wants to fast.
Yanni wants to finally settle down.
Yanni wants to find God a bit more.
Yanni wants to fix his marriage.
Yanni wants to fix his neck hump.
Yanni wants to fix his windshield cracks.
Yanni wants to fix his windshield scratches.
Yanni wants to fix his windshield.
Yanni wants to fix the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni wants to fix the cracks in his windshield.
Yanni wants to fix the light switch.
Yanni wants to focus on school.
Yanni wants to focus on studying the Quran.
Yanni wants to focus on the service.
Yanni wants to follow Skura.
Yanni wants to further his views.
Yanni wants to gain people's approval.
Yanni wants to gather more information about that.
Yanni wants to get away from that situation.
Yanni wants to get baptized.
Yanni wants to get closer to God.
Yanni wants to get even.
Yanni wants to get fluent in Berber.
Yanni wants to get goats.
Yanni wants to get immersed into Algerian traditions.
Yanni wants to get out of the hospital as soon as possible.
Yanni wants to get out of there.
Yanni wants to get rid of June bugs on his property.
Yanni wants to get rid of that scorpion.
Yanni wants to get to central Tokyo by train.
Yanni wants to give Skura his address.
Yanni wants to give Skura more money.
Yanni wants to give his statement.
Yanni wants to give it a try.
Yanni wants to give up.
Yanni wants to give you all a big thank you.
Yanni wants to go back there.
Yanni wants to go back to his normal life.
Yanni wants to go back to his uni dorm.
Yanni wants to go bowling.
Yanni wants to go into more detail about that.
Yanni wants to go out.
Yanni wants to go outside for a walk.
Yanni wants to go there.
Yanni wants to go to Algiers.
Yanni wants to go to MIT.
Yanni wants to go to central Tokyo.
Yanni wants to go to college and be a Berber teacher.
Yanni wants to go to places.
Yanni wants to go to the circus.
Yanni wants to go to the lake.
Yanni wants to go to the movies with me and Skura.
Yanni wants to go to the other side of Algiers.
Yanni wants to go to the supermarket to buy something to cook dinner.
Yanni wants to go to the supermarket.
Yanni wants to have a big house.
Yanni wants to have a house.
Yanni wants to have a serious talk with Skura.
Yanni wants to have a sexual relationship with Skura.
Yanni wants to have a word with Skura.
Yanni wants to have fun with Skura.
Yanni wants to have kids.
Yanni wants to have many cats.
Yanni wants to head back home.
Yanni wants to heal after his affair with Rima.
Yanni wants to heal his marriage.
Yanni wants to hear it from Skura.
Yanni wants to hear more stories.
Yanni wants to hear that from Skura.
Yanni wants to help Skura confront her childhood trauma.
Yanni wants to help Skura out.
Yanni wants to help Skura.
Yanni wants to hire a few more people to help him.
Yanni wants to hug Skura.
Yanni wants to hurt Skura.
Yanni wants to improve his productivity.
Yanni wants to increase his income.
Yanni wants to invest his money in Algeria.
Yanni wants to invest in Algeria.
Yanni wants to join his parents for breakfast.
Yanni wants to keep Skura on a hook.
Yanni wants to keep himself away from temptation.
Yanni wants to keep himself from temptation.
Yanni wants to keep his children safe.
Yanni wants to keep his marriage alive.
Yanni wants to keep scorpions from the exterior of his home.
Yanni wants to keep scorpions out of his house.
Yanni wants to keep up the life that he lives.
Yanni wants to kiss Skura.
Yanni wants to know Skura.
Yanni wants to know how to end his affair with Rima.
Yanni wants to know how to overcome the fear of abandonment.
Yanni wants to know more about Islam.
Yanni wants to know what's the average income in Algeria.
Yanni wants to know where Skura got the money.
Yanni wants to know where Skura lives.
Yanni wants to learn Berber better.
Yanni wants to learn Berber faster and better.
Yanni wants to learn Berber faster.
Yanni wants to learn a little more about Skura.
Yanni wants to learn four more languages, including Berber.
Yanni wants to learn how to fix his windshield chips.
Yanni wants to learn how to fix windshield chips at home.
Yanni wants to learn how to fix windshield chips.
Yanni wants to learn more about Algeria.
Yanni wants to learn to play chess well.
Yanni wants to leave.
Yanni wants to live a better and more fulfilled life in Canada.
Yanni wants to live a better life.
Yanni wants to live a healthy and long life.
Yanni wants to live close to the station.
Yanni wants to live here in Algeria where his mother carried him.
Yanni wants to live in a Muslim community.
Yanni wants to live in a big country like Algeria.
Yanni wants to live in a big house.
Yanni wants to live with Tuareg herdsmen.
Yanni wants to live with his mom and sister.
Yanni wants to look good.
Yanni wants to make a secret character to message Skura.
Yanni wants to make it big in Algeria.
Yanni wants to make the most of his life.
Yanni wants to make things better.
Yanni wants to make things right.
Yanni wants to make this world a better place to live in.
Yanni wants to manipulate Skura.
Yanni wants to marry Skura here in Algeria.
Yanni wants to maximize his chances of healing.
Yanni wants to mix the pills with alcohol.
Yanni wants to move to northern Japan.
Yanni wants to open a factory in Algeria.
Yanni wants to open the door.
Yanni wants to pack his things.
Yanni wants to park his SUV in the garage.
Yanni wants to park his car in a shaded area.
Yanni wants to park his car there.
Yanni wants to pass his Berber exam.
Yanni wants to pee.
Yanni wants to perform his best.
Yanni wants to play a game.
Yanni wants to play hide and seek.
Yanni wants to play poker.
Yanni wants to play video games in the basement.
Yanni wants to please Skura.
Yanni wants to pray in the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Yanni wants to print the messages.
Yanni wants to protect Skura.
Yanni wants to pursue his dreams in Algeria.
Yanni wants to quench his thirst for answers.
Yanni wants to raise is IQ.
Yanni wants to rekindle romance in his marriage.
Yanni wants to remove his windshield chips.
Yanni wants to repair his windshield.
Yanni wants to repair the bullseye in his windshield to prevent it from spreading even more.
Yanni wants to replace his kitchen sink.
Yanni wants to replace the light switch.
Yanni wants to report Skura to the school.
Yanni wants to ruin Skura's relationship with Ziri.
Yanni wants to run for president.
Yanni wants to save his relationship.
Yanni wants to scream.
Yanni wants to search the room.
Yanni wants to see Skura again.
Yanni wants to see Skura as soon as possible.
Yanni wants to see Skura's tortoise.
Yanni wants to see Skura.
Yanni wants to see polar bears.
Yanni wants to see the bearded lady.
Yanni wants to see the clowns.
Yanni wants to see the lions.
Yanni wants to sell his car.
Yanni wants to send Skura a text.
Yanni wants to settle down.
Yanni wants to settle the score.
Yanni wants to share his adoption story with us.
Yanni wants to share his room with Skura.
Yanni wants to show Skura around.
Yanni wants to show Skura his new apartment.
Yanni wants to show Skura his new house.
Yanni wants to sleep early tonight.
Yanni wants to sleep in the car.
Yanni wants to spend more time around Skura.
Yanni wants to spend more time with Skura.
Yanni wants to spend the rest of his life in Algiers.
Yanni wants to spend time doing good stuff.
Yanni wants to spend time with Skura.
Yanni wants to start over in Algiers, away from his problems.
Yanni wants to stay faithful to Skura.
Yanni wants to stay faithful to his partner.
Yanni wants to stay faithful to his wife.
Yanni wants to stay for a while.
Yanni wants to stay the night with Skura.
Yanni wants to stay with Skura.
Yanni wants to stay with his parents for a bit.
Yanni wants to stop cheating.
Yanni wants to stop himself from cheating.
Yanni wants to stop his affair with Rima.
Yanni wants to stop the affair in his marriage.
Yanni wants to stop the windshield crack from spreading.
Yanni wants to study that cult.
Yanni wants to study the Quran.
Yanni wants to study the everyday life of the Tuaregs.
Yanni wants to survive.
Yanni wants to take Berber this year.
Yanni wants to take Skura into his arms.
Yanni wants to take a driving test.
Yanni wants to take care of Skura.
Yanni wants to take his shahada immediately.
Yanni wants to take his shahada today.
Yanni wants to talk to Rima.
Yanni wants to talk to you.
Yanni wants to teach Skura Berber.
Yanni wants to teach Skura how to milk goats.
Yanni wants to tell Skura what's going on.
Yanni wants to thank Skura again for that.
Yanni wants to travel the world.
Yanni wants to travel to Algiers for a year.
Yanni wants to travel to Japan.
Yanni wants to truly know Skura's mysteries.
Yanni wants to try a different brand.
Yanni wants to try fasting during Ramadan.
Yanni wants to try to fast.
Yanni wants to try to fix the rock chip in his windshield.
Yanni wants to try to help Skura.
Yanni wants to try to open the door.
Yanni wants to turn around and go home.
Yanni wants to understand Algeria's economics.
Yanni wants to understand.
Yanni wants to visit Algeria with Skura.
Yanni wants to visit Algiers.
Yanni wants to visit Japan again.
Yanni wants to visit Palestine with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni wants to visit countries where Muslim tourists feel welcome.
Yanni wants to visit the Djurdjura Mountains.
Yanni wants to visit the Tuaregs in Algeria.
Yanni wants to visit the West Bank with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni wants to visit the al-Aqsa Mosque and pray there.
Yanni wants to wait for Skura.
Yanni wants to walk faster.
Yanni wants to wash his hair.
Yanni wants to wash his hands.
Yanni wants to write Skura a love letter.
Yanni wants to write Skura a romantic letter.
Yanni wants to write a book about Algeria.
Yanni warned Skura of that guy.
Yanni was 100% certain he had locked that door.
Yanni was Berber.
Yanni was Christian and now he's Muslim.
Yanni was DNA-tested.
Yanni was Muslim and it was not something he wanted to hide.
Yanni was Muslim and it wasn't something he could hide.
Yanni was Muslim.
Yanni was OK with it.
Yanni was OK.
Yanni was Rima's son.
Yanni was Skura in female form and Skura was Yanni in male form. They were both heartless sociopaths.
Yanni was Skura's boyfriend at the time.
Yanni was Skura's ex.
Yanni was Skura's first experience of love.
Yanni was Skura's first love, I guess.
Yanni was Skura's husband.
Yanni was Skura's manager.
Yanni was Skura's only uncle.
Yanni was a 7-Eleven clerk.
Yanni was a Berber major.
Yanni was a Berber teacher for forty years.
Yanni was a baby.
Yanni was a bartender.
Yanni was a big fan of Islamic history.
Yanni was a bit of a ladies' man.
Yanni was a bit older than Skura.
Yanni was a bit pissed off.
Yanni was a bit stressed out by four hours of driving.
Yanni was a brat.
Yanni was a breath of fresh air to Skura.
Yanni was a burden to his parents.
Yanni was a cashier.
Yanni was a cheat. He cheated on his wife.
Yanni was a conspirator.
Yanni was a control freak.
Yanni was a cosigner.
Yanni was a creepy teen.
Yanni was a criminal.
Yanni was a customer.
Yanni was a dangerous guy.
Yanni was a dangerous man.
Yanni was a decently good singer.
Yanni was a delightful person.
Yanni was a detective.
Yanni was a devout Muslim.
Yanni was a different person.
Yanni was a doctor in Algeria.
Yanni was a doctor, a person who's supposed to take care of people, but he ended up taking someone's life.
Yanni was a driving teacher.
Yanni was a drug dealer.
Yanni was a fantastic soldier.
Yanni was a few yards away from Skura.
Yanni was a few years older than Skura.
Yanni was a foot taller than Skura.
Yanni was a freshman in high school.
Yanni was a funeral director.
Yanni was a good guy.
Yanni was a good host.
Yanni was a good kid.
Yanni was a great athlete.
Yanni was a greedy person.
Yanni was a harassing presence in Skura's life.
Yanni was a headstrong go-getter.
Yanni was a hitchhiker.
Yanni was a horrible manager.
Yanni was a huge weirdo.
Yanni was a jokester. He was always joking about everything and anything.
Yanni was a kid.
Yanni was a killer.
Yanni was a lifelong criminal.
Yanni was a little beyond the pale.
Yanni was a little bit disoriented.
Yanni was a little bit envious.
Yanni was a little frightened.
Yanni was a little hesitant.
Yanni was a little withdrawn from Skura.
Yanni was a loner child.
Yanni was a lumberjack.
Yanni was a made model.
Yanni was a magnet for people.
Yanni was a mama's boy until he joined the Navy.
Yanni was a mama's boy.
Yanni was a man of means. I didn't know how many millions he owned.
Yanni was a mental patient.
Yanni was a mercenary.
Yanni was a model.
Yanni was a narcissist.
Yanni was a native of Algeria.
Yanni was a nice person.
Yanni was a nut.
Yanni was a panhandler.
Yanni was a paranoid person.
Yanni was a perv and definitely still is.
Yanni was a poor kid from the wrong side of the tracks.
Yanni was a retired army vet.
Yanni was a ruthless killer.
Yanni was a sad and depressed person at the time.
Yanni was a salient suspect.
Yanni was a school teacher with a reputation for being strict.
Yanni was a seasoned hiker.
Yanni was a selfish person.
Yanni was a serious person.
Yanni was a sex addict.
Yanni was a shy mousy student.
Yanni was a simple guy.
Yanni was a sociopath to the core.
Yanni was a stone-cold sociopath.
Yanni was a stranger in Bejaia.
Yanni was a successful businessman.
Yanni was a super healthy horse.
Yanni was a supermarket cashier.
Yanni was a suspicious character.
Yanni was a sweet kid.
Yanni was a tall and lanky guy.
Yanni was a tall and skinny man.
Yanni was a technician.
Yanni was a thief.
Yanni was a threat.
Yanni was a ticking time bomb.
Yanni was a tiny frail guy.
Yanni was a total wacko.
Yanni was a tough guy and bravely stood his ground.
Yanni was a very controlling person.
Yanni was a very knowledgeable man in matters of Islam.
Yanni was a very tall guy and he oozed manhood.
Yanni was a very tall man.
Yanni was a voodoo priest and he controlled the lives of a lot of people with fear.
Yanni was a weak person.
Yanni was a weird dude.
Yanni was a weird man.
Yanni was a wild child. He had long hair and was kind of a bad boy.
Yanni was a wino.
Yanni was a year older than us.
Yanni was abandoned as a baby.
Yanni was abandoned as a child.
Yanni was abandoned at an airport.
Yanni was abandoned by his mother.
Yanni was abandoned by his parents.
Yanni was abandoned by his tribe.
Yanni was abandoned earlier in his life.
Yanni was abandoned in a park.
Yanni was abandoned when he was just four months old.
Yanni was abandoned when he was just four.
Yanni was abandoned.
Yanni was abducted and stabbed four times.
Yanni was able to compete in basketball.
Yanni was able to easily move on with his life.
Yanni was able to finally pay his bills.
Yanni was able to make it.
Yanni was able to overcome that.
Yanni was able to participate.
Yanni was able to persuade Skura to go back there.
Yanni was about Skura's age.
Yanni was about forty feet away.
Yanni was about four seats away from Skura.
Yanni was about four.
Yanni was about halfway to his car when his phone rang again.
Yanni was about to cry.
Yanni was about to go back.
Yanni was about to say something.
Yanni was absent.
Yanni was absolutely crazy.
Yanni was absolutely naked.
Yanni was absolutely terrified.
Yanni was abusing cocaine.
Yanni was abusive to Skura.
Yanni was abusive.
Yanni was accused of murder.
Yanni was accused of the murder of his wife.
Yanni was accusing Skura of all sorts of things.
Yanni was accusing Skura.
Yanni was aching for that trip.
Yanni was acquitted.
Yanni was acting like everything was normal.
Yanni was acting like some kind of psycho.
Yanni was acting on his own.
Yanni was actually there.
Yanni was adamant in his denials.
Yanni was adamant that his daughter stop seeing Ziri.
Yanni was addicted to Rima's love and affection.
Yanni was addicted to crack.
Yanni was addicted to drugs.
Yanni was addicted to that game.
Yanni was addicted to that.
Yanni was admiring his work.
Yanni was admiring those beautiful antique furnishings.
Yanni was adopted by Skura.
Yanni was adopted.
Yanni was affected by that.
Yanni was affected.
Yanni was afraid of being abandoned.
Yanni was afraid of separation.
Yanni was afraid of the unknown.
Yanni was ages away from his car.
Yanni was aggressive.
Yanni was agitated.
Yanni was ahead of me.
Yanni was alarmed.
Yanni was alive and well.
Yanni was alive.
Yanni was all bundled up in his winter gear.
Yanni was all heated.
Yanni was all right.
Yanni was all too happy to sign another 12 month lease.
Yanni was almost 100% certain this happened in grade four.
Yanni was almost certain Skura was following him.
Yanni was almost paralyzed with fear.
Yanni was already born in Algeria.
Yanni was already dead.
Yanni was already ensnared in Skura's web.
Yanni was already freaked out.
Yanni was already having issues.
Yanni was already in a relationship with Skura.
Yanni was already in his forties.
Yanni was already shaking out of his shoes.
Yanni was already undressing Skura in his mind.
Yanni was always at the house.
Yanni was always available for his friends.
Yanni was always different.
Yanni was always excited.
Yanni was always hugging Rima.
Yanni was always looking for adventure.
Yanni was always positive.
Yanni was always so well liked on that website.
Yanni was always trying to be sweet and romantic.
Yanni was always up and positive.
Yanni was always very ashamed of what he had gone through.
Yanni was amazing.
Yanni was amputated at the knees.
Yanni was an Algerian economist.
Yanni was an Algerian journalist.
Yanni was an abandoned child.
Yanni was an absolute dream to hang out with.
Yanni was an abusive husband.
Yanni was an addict.
Yanni was an admirable athlete.
Yanni was an amateur.
Yanni was an avid sports person.
Yanni was an ex-military.
Yanni was an excellent mechanic.
Yanni was an expert in art.
Yanni was an extremely nice guy.
Yanni was an honest person.
Yanni was an idiot to leave the children alone like this.
Yanni was an imam in Algiers and Bejaia.
Yanni was an immigrant who had to learn to speak English.
Yanni was an investment banker.
Yanni was angry beyond words.
Yanni was annoyed.
Yanni was answering in his really poor Berber.
Yanni was answering the millions of questions the Chinese tourists had about Algeria.
Yanni was applying the resin slowly to the windshield crack.
Yanni was applying the resin to the windshield crack slowly.
Yanni was applying the resin to the windshield crack.
Yanni was approaching death.
Yanni was approaching the door quickly.
Yanni was arguing with his mom.
Yanni was arguing with his mother.
Yanni was around Skura's age.
Yanni was around fourteen years old.
Yanni was around three or four years old.
Yanni was around.
Yanni was arrested after a physical altercation with a police officer.
Yanni was arrested after a sting operation.
Yanni was arrested and charged with second degree murder.
Yanni was arrested for lewd acts in front of a child.
Yanni was arrested for shoplifting.
Yanni was arrested in Skura's backyard.
Yanni was arrested last week.
Yanni was arrested with four hundred rounds of ammunition.
Yanni was arrested.
Yanni was asked to resign.
Yanni was asking Skura out.
Yanni was asking around about Skura.
Yanni was asking questions about the Berber language.
Yanni was assaulted at the hands of police.
Yanni was at Rima's condo.
Yanni was at Rima's side from 2004 to 2014.
Yanni was at Skura's feet, doing anything she wanted.
Yanni was at Skura's place.
Yanni was at a high school sport event.
Yanni was at a loss for words.
Yanni was at a loss of words.
Yanni was at a motel with a mistress.
Yanni was at a party.
Yanni was at a slot machine.
Yanni was at his wits end.
Yanni was at that shopping mall.
Yanni was at the back of the room.
Yanni was at the beach.
Yanni was at the concert.
Yanni was at the crime scene.
Yanni was at the end of his rope.
Yanni was at the grocery store.
Yanni was at the house.
Yanni was at the liquor store.
Yanni was at the makeup section.
Yanni was at the mall.
Yanni was at the mosque with his kids.
Yanni was at the other end of the aisle.
Yanni was at the party.
Yanni was at the rap concert.
Yanni was at the roundabout.
Yanni was at work at four o'clock in the morning.
Yanni was attached to his parents.
Yanni was attempting to alienate Skura from her friends.
Yanni was attending college in Algeria.
Yanni was attracted to Skura.
Yanni was attracted to the way Skura carried herself. She was quiet and reserved.
Yanni was aware of Rima's infidelity.
Yanni was aware of the black sedan following very closely behind him.
Yanni was awkward on dates.
Yanni was awoken by the sound of strong winds.
Yanni was babysitting Skura's son.
Yanni was babysitting that night.
Yanni was back.
Yanni was backpacking solo in Algeria.
Yanni was bad to Skura and her kids.
Yanni was banging on the door, not knocking.
Yanni was banging on the door.
Yanni was banished from the kingdom.
Yanni was banned from that store.
Yanni was banned from the store where Skura was working.
Yanni was baptized.
Yanni was barely able to make a sentence.
Yanni was barely able to stand.
Yanni was barely breathing.
Yanni was barely literate and spoke little Berber.
Yanni was barking like a dog.
Yanni was basically running his father's business.
Yanni was basically trapped inside the cave.
Yanni was battling the urge to throw up.
Yanni was bawling his eyes out.
Yanni was begging for his life.
Yanni was begging for money.
Yanni was begging.
Yanni was behaving erratically towards Skura.
Yanni was behind the vehicle.
Yanni was being crazy.
Yanni was being loud and obnoxious.
Yanni was being naughty.
Yanni was being overly friendly like he was trying to charm the waitress.
Yanni was being sarcastic.
Yanni was being so rude.
Yanni was being tortured by the legionnaires.
Yanni was being very flirtatious.
Yanni was beside himself with anger.
Yanni was beside himself with grief.
Yanni was best friends with that man.
Yanni was betrayed by Rima.
Yanni was betrayed.
Yanni was better than Skura at playing that game.
Yanni was better than Skura.
Yanni was biased against Islam.
Yanni was bigger than Skura.
Yanni was blaming anybody else but himself.
Yanni was blasting his music at 2:00 am.
Yanni was blasting his music.
Yanni was bleeding from the nose and mouth.
Yanni was bleeding.
Yanni was blind to Skura's wild ways.
Yanni was blindsided by Skura's shocking revelations.
Yanni was bloated.
Yanni was blocking the way.
Yanni was blocking traffic behind him.
Yanni was blocking traffic.
Yanni was bloody.
Yanni was blown away by this new painting style.
Yanni was bored.
Yanni was born a year later.
Yanni was born and raised Muslim.
Yanni was born and raised here in Algeria but his parents are from Tunisia.
Yanni was born and raised in Algeria and moved later to Canada.
Yanni was born and raised in Algeria.
Yanni was born and raised in southern Ghardaia, Algeria.
Yanni was born in 2004 in Algiers.
Yanni was born in Algeria but moved here to London.
Yanni was born in Algiers in the late 1940s.
Yanni was born in Algiers on April 4, 2004.
Yanni was born in Bejaia but has lived his adult life here in Algiers.
Yanni was born in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni was born in Tunisia but has moved to Algeria last year.
Yanni was born in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Yanni was born in the early 1940s in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni was born in the late forties in Algiers.
Yanni was born in the mountains of northern Algeria.
Yanni was born in the northern Algerian city of Bejaia.
Yanni was born into a Muslim family.
Yanni was born just four years after the Algerian independence war.
Yanni was born on April 4, 2004 in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni was born on April 4, 2004.
Yanni was born on April 4th, 2004 in Algiers.
Yanni was born on April 4th.
Yanni was born on Christmas day.
Yanni was born on the 4th of April, 2004.
Yanni was born out of wedlock in Canada.
Yanni was born to a black family.
Yanni was born to a father of Algerian ancestry and a mother of Dutch ancestry.
Yanni was born to a wealthy Algerian family.
Yanni was born to parents of Algerian ancestry.
Yanni was born very poor.
Yanni was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
Yanni was born with drugs in his system.
Yanni was born with liquid in his brain.
Yanni was bouncy.
Yanni was breathing heavily.
Yanni was breathing though his nose.
Yanni was broken.
Yanni was brought to the mosque.
Yanni was bubbly.
Yanni was building a new marriage.
Yanni was building up a fortune.
Yanni was buried alive.
Yanni was buried in Algiers.
Yanni was buried in Bejaia, in northern Algeria.
Yanni was buried next to his mom in the family plot.
Yanni was burping.
Yanni was busy most of the day.
Yanni was butt naked.
Yanni was buying drugs.
Yanni was buying more land in Algeria.
Yanni was called about ten minutes later.
Yanni was called by the police department.
Yanni was calling Skura terrible names.
Yanni was calling Skura vile names.
Yanni was calling Skura's name.
Yanni was calling Skura.
Yanni was calling Ziri the Berber f-word.
Yanni was calling someone on his phone.
Yanni was calling the police.
Yanni was calling up every hospital in Algiers to try to find Skura.
Yanni was calling.
Yanni was capable of snapping at any time.
Yanni was captivated by Rima's beauty.
Yanni was carefully peeling the suction cup off.
Yanni was carefully peeling the suction pad off.
Yanni was caressing Skura's purse in an almost sexual way.
Yanni was carried in on a stretcher by four men.
Yanni was carrying a Quran with him.
Yanni was carrying a camera.
Yanni was carrying a gas can.
Yanni was carrying a ladder.
Yanni was carrying a large duffel bag.
Yanni was carrying a shopping bag.
Yanni was carrying a toolbag.
Yanni was carrying a weapon.
Yanni was carrying all the merchandise he bought.
Yanni was carrying an Easter basket.
Yanni was carrying an old metal lunchbox with him.
Yanni was carrying his son.
Yanni was carrying massive weights.
Yanni was caught by the mosque security camera stealing books.
Yanni was caught having sex inside the church.
Yanni was caught having sex with a disabled girl.
Yanni was caught having sexual relations with a disabled girl.
Yanni was caught off guard.
Yanni was caught sleeping in class.
Yanni was caught speeding last week.
Yanni was certainly one of the wealthiest people in Algeria.
Yanni was chained inside the room.
Yanni was changing gears too slowly.
Yanni was charged with murder.
Yanni was chasing Rima around the soccer field.
Yanni was chasing Skura around the office, yelling.
Yanni was chasing a position.
Yanni was chasing girls.
Yanni was chasing lizards.
Yanni was chatting like an idiot.
Yanni was chatting on his computer.
Yanni was cheating on Skura.
Yanni was cheating on his partner.
Yanni was cheating on his wife under the same roof as his children.
Yanni was cheating on his wife with Skura.
Yanni was cheating with Skura.
Yanni was checking Facebook.
Yanni was checking a text that he received while driving.
Yanni was checking his phone.
Yanni was checking on Skura.
Yanni was checking the figs.
Yanni was checking up on Skura.
Yanni was chewing Skura up for something minor.
Yanni was chilling with his dog.
Yanni was chopped out of his father's will.
Yanni was clearly an antifascist.
Yanni was climbing the social ladder.
Yanni was clinging to life in the hospital.
Yanni was close to home.
Yanni was close.
Yanni was closely inspecting his windshield for any rock chips.
Yanni was closely inspecting the windshield for any chips or cracks.
Yanni was closely involved in all of this.
Yanni was closing the store.
Yanni was clueless.
Yanni was clutching a gun.
Yanni was clutching a massive knife.
Yanni was cocky.
Yanni was cold.
Yanni was coming down the stairs.
Yanni was coming to Algeria.
Yanni was complaining about his marriage.
Yanni was completely devastated.
Yanni was completely insane.
Yanni was completely naked from head to toe.
Yanni was completely normal before he set foot into this hospital.
Yanni was concerned about that.
Yanni was concerned for his wife.
Yanni was concerned.
Yanni was confident.
Yanni was confused as hell.
Yanni was confused.
Yanni was connected to Skura.
Yanni was connected to the crime.
Yanni was considered an expert in Berber.
Yanni was constantly asking that question.
Yanni was constantly cheating on Skura.
Yanni was constantly playing with Skura's hair.
Yanni was constantly smoking.
Yanni was contacted by a local doctor.
Yanni was convicted of child abuse with Skura.
Yanni was convicted of first degree murder and got two life sentences.
Yanni was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life behind bars.
Yanni was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life without parole.
Yanni was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Yanni was convicted of first degree murder in both killings and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
Yanni was convicted of murder and is currently serving a life sentence.
Yanni was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Yanni was convicted of murder and sentenced to forty years to life.
Yanni was convicted of second degree murder and received forty years to life.
Yanni was cornered by police.
Yanni was cornered.
Yanni was corresponding with famous people.
Yanni was corrupt to his very bones.
Yanni was coughing.
Yanni was courting Skura here in Algeria.
Yanni was covered in dirt.
Yanni was covered in soot.
Yanni was covered in tattoos.
Yanni was cranky to Skura.
Yanni was crawled inside his tent.
Yanni was crawling on all fours.
Yanni was crawling to the bathroom.
Yanni was crazy about Skura.
Yanni was crazy about that girl.
Yanni was crazy like a fox.
Yanni was creating problems in Skura's marriage.
Yanni was crouched down in the corner, facing us and "secretly" taking a dump.
Yanni was cruelly abused as a child.
Yanni was crying a lot over the death of his mother.
Yanni was crying a lot.
Yanni was crying and he was making Skura cry just watching him.
Yanni was crying in pain.
Yanni was crying of happiness.
Yanni was crying really softly.
Yanni was crying uncontrollably.
Yanni was crying.
Yanni was curious about how people lived in Algiers.
Yanni was curious about that.
Yanni was curious of how Muslims live their lives.
Yanni was cursing at Skura in a slurred voice.
Yanni was cursing at Skura.
Yanni was cursing in Berber.
Yanni was cute and flirty.
Yanni was cutting figs.
Yanni was cutting himself.
Yanni was cutting yards.
Yanni was dancing fast.
Yanni was dancing to improvisational jazz.
Yanni was dating a married woman.
Yanni was dating an Algerian girl at the time.
Yanni was dating an underage girl.
Yanni was daydreaming about his imaginary world for hours.
Yanni was dazed and confused.
Yanni was dead.
Yanni was dealing with a pretty severe drug problem.
Yanni was debating a Muslim co-worker.
Yanni was decapitated and his head placed on a spike.
Yanni was decapitated.
Yanni was declared as dead.
Yanni was deep in thought.
Yanni was deeply hurt.
Yanni was deeply shocked.
Yanni was definitely following Skura.
Yanni was definitely off mentally.
Yanni was definitely unaware of what was going on.
Yanni was delighted to see Skrua's warmth and affection.
Yanni was delighted with the house.
Yanni was delighted.
Yanni was demoted to another position where he will be making less money.
Yanni was denied by his biological father.
Yanni was denied by his father.
Yanni was deployed to a remote area in southern Algeria.
Yanni was deported back to Algeria to face corruption charges.
Yanni was depraved to his very bones.
Yanni was depressed.
Yanni was deprived of attention as an infant.
Yanni was deserted.
Yanni was desperate for money.
Yanni was desperately hungry.
Yanni was desperately trying to flag down passing motorists.
Yanni was determined to become Muslim at the age of 24.
Yanni was determined to become an imam.
Yanni was determined to get into Skura's car.
Yanni was determined to leave Skura out to dry.
Yanni was determined to repair the damage.
Yanni was determined to see Rima whenever she came.
Yanni was determined to stay in Algeria.
Yanni was determined to survive.
Yanni was determined.
Yanni was devastated.
Yanni was devoted to the things he loved.
Yanni was devout Muslim and a secret sinner.
Yanni was diagnosed with a severe case of gender dysphoria.
Yanni was diagnosed with depression.
Yanni was different.
Yanni was directly behind Skura.
Yanni was directly behind the car.
Yanni was disabled all his life.
Yanni was disappointed with himself.
Yanni was disappointed.
Yanni was disgusted.
Yanni was disheveled.
Yanni was disorganized.
Yanni was disorientated.
Yanni was dissatisfied with everything he did.
Yanni was distracted.
Yanni was distraught and that's why he didn't cooperate with the police right away.
Yanni was distressed.
Yanni was disturbed.
Yanni was doing his bachelor in Berber.
Yanni was doing his business in the bathroom.
Yanni was doing his homework in the mosque.
Yanni was doing more cocaine than ever.
Yanni was doing nothing.
Yanni was doing terrible things.
Yanni was doing the right thing.
Yanni was doing what Skura was manipulating him to do.
Yanni was downtown.
Yanni was dragging Skura by the hair.
Yanni was drawn into Skura's problems.
Yanni was drawn to Skura.
Yanni was dreading driving in Algiers.
Yanni was dreaming about Skura.
Yanni was dreaming.
Yanni was dressed in a Santa Claus suit.
Yanni was dressed in black.
Yanni was dressed in yellow stockings.
Yanni was dressed up for his Berber class.
Yanni was driving a battered old sedan.
Yanni was driving a car with an Algiers number plate.
Yanni was driving a car.
Yanni was driving a rental car.
Yanni was driving an ice cream truck.
Yanni was driving an old car.
Yanni was driving around on his dirt bike.
Yanni was driving around the block.
Yanni was driving around the neighborhood.
Yanni was driving crazily.
Yanni was driving down an uninhabited road.
Yanni was driving down that road on a Thursday afternoon.
Yanni was driving down that road.
Yanni was driving fifty miles over the speed limit.
Yanni was driving his Toyota Corolla from home to Algiers.
Yanni was driving his truck very slowly.
Yanni was driving home from work.
Yanni was driving in the dark.
Yanni was driving in the middle of nowhere at night.
Yanni was driving in the middle of the night.
Yanni was driving on a dark highway.
Yanni was driving on a deserted road.
Yanni was driving on a lone empty highway.
Yanni was driving on a motorway.
Yanni was driving on a pitch black side road.
Yanni was driving on a side road.
Yanni was driving really fast.
Yanni was driving the bus.
Yanni was driving the van.
Yanni was driving.
Yanni was dropped off at the school.
Yanni was drowning in his sorrows.
Yanni was drunk and began to talk quite candidly.
Yanni was drunk and rude.
Yanni was drunk and slurring his words.
Yanni was drunk as a skunk.
Yanni was drunk.
Yanni was dying.
Yanni was earning millions.
Yanni was eaten alive.
Yanni was eating a chicken sandwich.
Yanni was eating a fully ripe fig.
Yanni was eating a sandwich.
Yanni was eating fresh figs.
Yanni was eating some hot soup.
Yanni was eating.
Yanni was educated in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni was electrocuted.
Yanni was embarrassed about living in that neighborhood.
Yanni was embarrassed.
Yanni was emotionally abusive.
Yanni was engaged.
Yanni was enjoying afternoon coffee with his relatives.
Yanni was essentially a magnet for paranormal things.
Yanni was eventually arrested.
Yanni was eventually found by the authorities.
Yanni was evicted.
Yanni was excited to see Skura.
Yanni was excited to start a new YouTube channel.
Yanni was excited.
Yanni was exhausted and started feeling sleepy.
Yanni was exploring an abandoned house with a group of friends.
Yanni was exposed to violence.
Yanni was extradited to Algeria on April, 4.
Yanni was extremely aggressive towards that customer.
Yanni was faced with uncertainty.
Yanni was facing the window.
Yanni was fairly easy to locate.
Yanni was famous for this.
Yanni was fantasizing about Skura.
Yanni was fantasizing about having sex with Skura.
Yanni was fascinated by Rima's books.
Yanni was fearless.
Yanni was fed up of wearing those clothes.
Yanni was feeding Skura's animals.
Yanni was feeling really tired.
Yanni was fighting a girl.
Yanni was fighting a losing battle with his disease.
Yanni was fighting for his life.
Yanni was fighting with his family a lot.
Yanni was filled with dread.
Yanni was filming Skura.
Yanni was filming a seagull.
Yanni was filming a video.
Yanni was finally able to hear Skura's voice.
Yanni was finally called to trial.
Yanni was finally extradited back to Algeria on a corruption charge.
Yanni was finally gone.
Yanni was finally off the hook.
Yanni was finally warming up to Skura's suggestion.
Yanni was finally warming up to the idea.
Yanni was fine.
Yanni was finishing up his shopping.
Yanni was fired for stealing from the register.
Yanni was fired from his job.
Yanni was fired yesterday.
Yanni was fired.
Yanni was fixing his car.
Yanni was fixing us some dinner.
Yanni was fleeing from the police department.
Yanni was flirting with the flight attendant.
Yanni was fluent in several Latin-based languages.
Yanni was flustered but tried to be polite.
Yanni was flustered.
Yanni was flying down the deserted road.
Yanni was flying into trouble.
Yanni was focusing on his career.
Yanni was following Skura around the store.
Yanni was following Skura.
Yanni was following a teenage girl around the store.
Yanni was following in his father's footsteps.
Yanni was following protocol.
Yanni was fond of kids.
Yanni was fondling Skura's breasts and masturbating.
Yanni was fondling Skura.
Yanni was fooling around.
Yanni was forced to abandon his homestead.
Yanni was forced to break up with Rima.
Yanni was forced to delete his YouTube channel.
Yanni was forced to leave Algeria and seek a better future elsewhere.
Yanni was forced to leave school at a very young age.
Yanni was forced to resign.
Yanni was forced to stop.
Yanni was forced to the ground.
Yanni was forceful.
Yanni was forcing those emotions.
Yanni was forty-one.
Yanni was found dead from a single self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Yanni was found dead in his basement.
Yanni was found dead in that house. He had taken his own life.
Yanni was found dead with a rope wrapped tightly around his neck.
Yanni was found degree of second degree murder and sentenced to life.
Yanni was found four weeks after Skura.
Yanni was found guilty of criminal solicitation and was sentenced to forty years. Skura got life.
Yanni was found guilty of premeditated murder.
Yanni was found guilty of second degree murder and sentenced to forty years in prison.
Yanni was found lying face down in the garage.
Yanni was four feet behind Skura.
Yanni was four feet from the door.
Yanni was four inches shorter than Rima.
Yanni was fourteen and was in the throes of teenage angst.
Yanni was fourteen at the time.
Yanni was frantic.
Yanni was frantically talking in Berber but Skura couldn't understand.
Yanni was freezing.
Yanni was fresh from college.
Yanni was friends with Skura for a few years.
Yanni was friends with Skura on Facebook.
Yanni was from Algeria as well.
Yanni was from Algiers.
Yanni was from the wrong side of the tracks.
Yanni was frozen in fear.
Yanni was frozen with fear.
Yanni was frozen.
Yanni was frustrated at being ignored.
Yanni was frustrated.
Yanni was full body-slamming the door.
Yanni was full of life.
Yanni was fully awake.
Yanni was fuming.
Yanni was furious that there was bloodshed in that incident.
Yanni was furious with Skura.
Yanni was furious.
Yanni was gaga over Skura.
Yanni was gaining on Skura.
Yanni was generally a nice guy.
Yanni was generally cool to work with.
Yanni was gentle.
Yanni was genuinely a good person.
Yanni was genuinely in love with Skura.
Yanni was genuinely serious.
Yanni was gesturing at Skura.
Yanni was getting concerned about Skura.
Yanni was getting dressed.
Yanni was getting louder with each sentence.
Yanni was getting more and more angry.
Yanni was getting more and more sick.
Yanni was getting ready for work.
Yanni was getting ready to head back home.
Yanni was getting so angry.
Yanni was getting so panicky.
Yanni was given a life sentence with a minimum term of forty years.
Yanni was given a present.
Yanni was given a raise.
Yanni was given a ticket.
Yanni was given an adrenaline shot through the heart.
Yanni was given detention for sleeping in class.
Yanni was given four days off.
Yanni was given that.
Yanni was given the death penalty.
Yanni was giving Skura some advice.
Yanni was giving away ice cream. He's closing down his ice cream parlor.
Yanni was giving the man directions.
Yanni was glad that he trusted his gut that day.
Yanni was glad that justice was served.
Yanni was glad to do it.
Yanni was going out with Skura again.
Yanni was going through a creative block.
Yanni was going through a hard time.
Yanni was going through his mother's things.
Yanni was going to Algiers.
Yanni was going to a party.
Yanni was going to arrive late.
Yanni was going to be arrested on suspicion of arson.
Yanni was going to be in Skura's film.
Yanni was going to get a job at Sonatrach.
Yanni was going to get grounded for the rest of his life.
Yanni was going to get married.
Yanni was going to go to bed.
Yanni was going to go to the mosque.
Yanni was going to harm himself.
Yanni was going to make a swing in that fig tree.
Yanni was going to start a blog.
Yanni was going to the circus.
Yanni was going up the steps.
Yanni was gone almost all day.
Yanni was gone like a ghost.
Yanni was gone out of Skura's vision.
Yanni was gone.
Yanni was good at Berber.
Yanni was good.
Yanni was great in the movie.
Yanni was great.
Yanni was grimacing.
Yanni was grinning at Skura.
Yanni was groaning.
Yanni was grounded and he was in his room taking his frustration on a computer game.
Yanni was growing his hair long.
Yanni was growing tired of Algiers anyways.
Yanni was guiding Skura through everything.
Yanni was guilty.
Yanni was gunned down right there on the spot.
Yanni was gurgling on his own blood.
Yanni was handcuffed.
Yanni was hanged along with four other men convicted of murder.
Yanni was hanging out at the Ardis parking lot.
Yanni was hanging out at the pool.
Yanni was hanging out in Skura's room.
Yanni was hanging out in the living room, watching some YouTube.
Yanni was hanging out with a fourteen year old girl.
Yanni was hanging out with his dog.
Yanni was hanging out with his twin sister.
Yanni was hanging out with the wrong crowd.
Yanni was hanging over there a lot.
Yanni was happy for Skura.
Yanni was happy to be alive.
Yanni was happy to be in Algeria.
Yanni was happy to help.
Yanni was happy to stay occupied.
Yanni was happy watching Skura.
Yanni was happy with himself.
Yanni was happy.
Yanni was harassing another girl who lived there.
Yanni was harassing employees.
Yanni was hatching a plan to go back to Algeria.
Yanni was having a good time outside.
Yanni was having a nosebleed.
Yanni was having a screaming fit.
Yanni was having a steamy affair with Ziri's wife.
Yanni was having a yard sale.
Yanni was having an affair behind Rima's back.
Yanni was having an affair behind his wife's back.
Yanni was having an affair with a patient where he worked.
Yanni was having an affair with his secretary.
Yanni was having an affair.
Yanni was having an emotional affair with Skura.
Yanni was having doubts about Skura.
Yanni was having fun.
Yanni was having girlfriends at the church and Skura was not pleased.
Yanni was having sex in the church with his new mistress.
Yanni was having some financial problems.
Yanni was having trouble verbalizing.
Yanni was headed east to Algiers.
Yanni was heading back to civilization.
Yanni was heading in the right direction.
Yanni was heading out of the city center.
Yanni was heavily Muslim.
Yanni was held underwater until he drowned.
Yanni was here for his girlfriend.
Yanni was hidden behind a big pile of boxes.
Yanni was hiding behind one of Skura's couches.
Yanni was hiding from the cops.
Yanni was hiding in the tall grass.
Yanni was high on drugs.
Yanni was hired as a fitness instructor.
Yanni was hired as a fry cook.
Yanni was hired by an extremist Christian sect to infiltrate Muslims and mislead them.
Yanni was hired to just moronically flip burgers.
Yanni was his mom's pride and joy.
Yanni was hit in the leg.
Yanni was hit on the head.
Yanni was hitting on Skura's mother.
Yanni was holding Skura's book.
Yanni was holding Skura's hand.
Yanni was holding a knife up to Skura's face.
Yanni was holding a rifle.
Yanni was holding an incredibly big pistol in his hand.
Yanni was holding his dog on leash.
Yanni was holding in a pee.
Yanni was holding the wires.
Yanni was home alone, studying Berber.
Yanni was home alone.
Yanni was home by himself that evening.
Yanni was home, fixing one of his trucks.
Yanni was home.
Yanni was honest.
Yanni was hoping for a fresh start.
Yanni was horrified and rejected Skura's offer.
Yanni was hospitalized.
Yanni was huge.
Yanni was hugging Rima.
Yanni was hunting and eating rabbits.
Yanni was hunting for a new house in Algiers.
Yanni was hurt in the past.
Yanni was hurt like hell.
Yanni was identified with dental records.
Yanni was illegally camping there.
Yanni was illegally fishing there.
Yanni was illegally hunting in that forest.
Yanni was imagining things.
Yanni was immediately arrested.
Yanni was immediately enraged.
Yanni was implicated in Skura's death.
Yanni was in Algeria with his girlfriend.
Yanni was in Algeria, working on a building site.
Yanni was in Algeria.
Yanni was in Algiers and his sister was in Mila.
Yanni was in Algiers for four days.
Yanni was in Algiers for four months.
Yanni was in Algiers on the day of the murders.
Yanni was in Algiers to visit his sister in college.
Yanni was in a coma.
Yanni was in a committed relationship.
Yanni was in a fatal accident.
Yanni was in a gang.
Yanni was in a horrible marriage.
Yanni was in a hotel with his mistress.
Yanni was in a medically induced coma.
Yanni was in a mountain town in Kabylie, Algeria.
Yanni was in a neckbrace.
Yanni was in a really bad car accident.
Yanni was in a rush to leave the supermarket.
Yanni was in a safe space.
Yanni was in a serious accident.
Yanni was in a similar situation as Skura.
Yanni was in a stable condition.
Yanni was in a supermarket.
Yanni was in a terrible car accident.
Yanni was in a terrible state.
Yanni was in a very bad position.
Yanni was in a wheelchair for about four months.
Yanni was in an accident.
Yanni was in anguish.
Yanni was in bed with Rima.
Yanni was in bed, drenched in sweat.
Yanni was in constant contact with Skura.
Yanni was in deep trouble.
Yanni was in fear for his life.
Yanni was in fear for his safety.
Yanni was in front of Skura's house.
Yanni was in front of Skura's store.
Yanni was in front of the TV.
Yanni was in high school.
Yanni was in his early forties.
Yanni was in his forties and of Algerian descent.
Yanni was in his pajamas.
Yanni was in jail at the time.
Yanni was in jeopardy somehow by living with Skura.
Yanni was in love with Skura's voice.
Yanni was in love with the sound of Skura's voice.
Yanni was in love.
Yanni was in luck.
Yanni was in panic mode.
Yanni was in shock.
Yanni was in such a difficult position.
Yanni was in tears.
Yanni was in that corner.
Yanni was in the army.
Yanni was in the back seat.
Yanni was in the bathroom.
Yanni was in the bedroom of his trailer.
Yanni was in the clutches of Skura, a master manipulator.
Yanni was in the exact same position as Rima.
Yanni was in the guest bedroom.
Yanni was in the hospital for four weeks.
Yanni was in the hospital.
Yanni was in the laundry room.
Yanni was in the left lane.
Yanni was in the living room.
Yanni was in the middle of a texting conversation with Skura.
Yanni was in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni was in the middle of repairing a crack in his windshield.
Yanni was in the middle of the farm.
Yanni was in the mosque alone.
Yanni was in the mosque by himself.
Yanni was in the mosque that night.
Yanni was in the process of getting his life back together.
Yanni was in the room.
Yanni was in the shower.
Yanni was in the spotlight.
Yanni was in the store for half an hour.
Yanni was in the store.
Yanni was in the throes of another psychotic episode.
Yanni was in the true.
Yanni was in the trunk of an abandoned vehicle.
Yanni was in the video.
Yanni was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Yanni was in town getting some groceries and beer.
Yanni was incarcerated for murder.
Yanni was incredibly lazy.
Yanni was incredibly tired for some reason.
Yanni was incubated.
Yanni was infatuated and put Skura on a pedestal.
Yanni was insanely suspicious.
Yanni was insecure.
Yanni was inspecting his windshield for any bullseyes.
Yanni was inspecting his windshield.
Yanni was inspired by classical literature.
Yanni was inspired.
Yanni was instantly attracted to Skura who, like him, was half-Algerian.
Yanni was intending to visit Algiers.
Yanni was interested in Skura's money.
Yanni was interested in learning Berber when he was a kid.
Yanni was interested in studying mossy rainforests.
Yanni was interrogated by the police.
Yanni was interviewed by the police.
Yanni was into chubby girls.
Yanni was into horror movies.
Yanni was into supernatural stuff.
Yanni was intolerant of Muslims.
Yanni was intrigued by the message of Islam.
Yanni was introduced to Kabyle music.
Yanni was introduced to many famous actors.
Yanni was invited to paint several murals across Algeria.
Yanni was invited to that event.
Yanni was involved in an altercation.
Yanni was involved in an emotional affair.
Yanni was involved in emotional infidelity.
Yanni was involved in sports.
Yanni was involved with Rima emotionally.
Yanni was irritated to see the man again.
Yanni was issued a warning.
Yanni was jailed for life.
Yanni was jealous about that.
Yanni was jealous.
Yanni was jetting around the world.
Yanni was jingling a key ring with keys on it.
Yanni was jittery.
Yanni was jokingly saying that to tease Skura.
Yanni was just a small part of Skura's life.
Yanni was just an ordinary Berber teacher.
Yanni was just around, watching Skura.
Yanni was just being sarcastic.
Yanni was just checking on the family.
Yanni was just crouched down in the corner, facing the wall.
Yanni was just devastated.
Yanni was just dreaming.
Yanni was just driving by.
Yanni was just following orders.
Yanni was just going to live.
Yanni was just himself and made everybody comfortable.
Yanni was just joking and acting silly.
Yanni was just looking at Skura.
Yanni was just looking for friends.
Yanni was just sitting there, holding his phone like a moron.
Yanni was just wandering around, talking to himself.
Yanni was just wearing a pair of socks.
Yanni was keeping an eye on the motorbike.
Yanni was kicked off the building for not paying rent.
Yanni was kicked out for his loutish behavior.
Yanni was kicked out from the village and told never to come back.
Yanni was kicked out of the chat.
Yanni was kicked out of the store.
Yanni was kicking and screaming.
Yanni was kicking things.
Yanni was kidnapped and assaulted but he managed to escape.
Yanni was kidnapped by a man who was driving a Toyota.
Yanni was kidnapped in broad daylight.
Yanni was killed by a bus.
Yanni was killed by a business partner.
Yanni was killed in a motorcycle accident.
Yanni was killed in self-defense.
Yanni was killed on Thursday.
Yanni was killed.
Yanni was kind of a ghosty fellow. He didn't like to talk a lot about himself.
Yanni was kind of scared when he looked at that man.
Yanni was kind of short.
Yanni was kind of worried that Skura would embarrass him in front of his family.
Yanni was kind.
Yanni was kneeling down.
Yanni was kneeling with his wiener out.
Yanni was knocking on the windshield too hard.
Yanni was known for eating live insects.
Yanni was known for his magnetic personality.
Yanni was known to associate with prostitutes.
Yanni was late again.
Yanni was late for work.
Yanni was late.
Yanni was laughing at Skura.
Yanni was laughing the most horrid laugh Skura had ever heard.
Yanni was laughing uncontrollably.
Yanni was laughing.
Yanni was laying in bed.
Yanni was laying in his room, watching TV.
Yanni was laying in wait.
Yanni was lazy.
Yanni was learning Berber passively.
Yanni was learning about Islam.
Yanni was leaving that night for Algiers to see his parents on the weekend.
Yanni was leaving the store.
Yanni was leaving work.
Yanni was led out in cuffs.
Yanni was left alone to face that.
Yanni was left alone.
Yanni was left by his tribe.
Yanni was left in charge of the store.
Yanni was less than pleased by Skura's conduct.
Yanni was licking his fingers.
Yanni was like a godchild to Skura.
Yanni was like a magnet.
Yanni was like a stick of dynamite with a lit fuse that was eventually going to blow.
Yanni was liked and respected thanks to his charisma and energy.
Yanni was limping.
Yanni was listening to Berber music permanently.
Yanni was listening to Skura's video.
Yanni was listening to his favorite Berber song.
Yanni was listening to music, so he wasn't really paying attention.
Yanni was listening to songs about falling out of love.
Yanni was listening to the rain.
Yanni was literally crazy.
Yanni was literally in panic mode.
Yanni was literally out of his mind when he decided to divorce Skura.
Yanni was livid at the idea of losing Skura.
Yanni was living for Algeria for a year.
Yanni was living in Algeria for university.
Yanni was living in Algiers at the time.
Yanni was living in Algiers, Algeria.
Yanni was living in Algiers.
Yanni was living in Skura's basement.
Yanni was living in Skura's minivan.
Yanni was living in Skura's room.
Yanni was living in a bad part of Algiers.
Yanni was living in a war zone.
Yanni was living in an apartment complex in Algiers.
Yanni was living in an apartment situated on a busy street.
Yanni was living in exile.
Yanni was living in his car across the street from his father's house.
Yanni was living in squalor.
Yanni was living out there.
Yanni was living there.
Yanni was living with his family.
Yanni was looking around.
Yanni was looking at Skura through the window.
Yanni was looking at Skura with romantic interest.
Yanni was looking at Skura's house from the street.
Yanni was looking at Skura.
Yanni was looking down the street for his bus.
Yanni was looking for Skura.
Yanni was looking for a good nanny.
Yanni was looking for a job.
Yanni was looking for a liquor store.
Yanni was looking for a missing camper.
Yanni was looking for an apartment.
Yanni was looking for his grandmother.
Yanni was looking for his wallet.
Yanni was looking for signs of Skura.
Yanni was looking for someone to blame for his painful life.
Yanni was looking for someone to kill Skura.
Yanni was looking for the nearest mosque.
Yanni was looking for the source of the smell.
Yanni was looking out the window.
Yanni was looking outside his marriage for happiness.
Yanni was looking over Skura's shoulder.
Yanni was looking really nervous.
Yanni was looking right at Skura and her dog.
Yanni was looking so hard for a job.
Yanni was looking through the stores.
Yanni was losing his battle with his demons.
Yanni was losing his mind.
Yanni was losing his temper.
Yanni was lost in Algiers for four days.
Yanni was lovesick.
Yanni was lucid and aware of what he was doing.
Yanni was lucid during the attack.
Yanni was lucid during the murder.
Yanni was lucky he took that drug.
Yanni was lucky to be alive.
Yanni was lucky.
Yanni was lying in bed semi-awake.
Yanni was lying in wait for Skura in the garage.
Yanni was lying.
Yanni was mad as hell.
Yanni was mad.
Yanni was made fun of.
Yanni was made pastor of our church.
Yanni was making a joke about that.
Yanni was making dinner for himself.
Yanni was making eyes with the receptionist.
Yanni was making fake Facebooks to harass Skura.
Yanni was making his way to the escalator.
Yanni was making very flirtatious comments at Skura on Facebook.
Yanni was marching right towards us.
Yanni was married at twenty-four.
Yanni was mauled by a mountain lion.
Yanni was mean to Skura for no reason.
Yanni was mean.
Yanni was meditating.
Yanni was mentally abusive.
Yanni was mentally and physically abusive.
Yanni was mentally drained.
Yanni was mocking his teachers.
Yanni was mooning over that nurse.
Yanni was more aggressive.
Yanni was more animated than Rima.
Yanni was more compassionate.
Yanni was more drunk than Skura.
Yanni was more friendly.
Yanni was more fun.
Yanni was more interested in maintaining a facade than being the person behind that facade.
Yanni was more loving.
Yanni was more mad about that.
Yanni was more prepared.
Yanni was more worried for his baby brother than for himself.
Yanni was moved to tears.
Yanni was moving fast.
Yanni was moving up the stairs much faster than Skura.
Yanni was mumbling curses in Berber.
Yanni was mumbling something in Berber and making aggressive hand gestures.
Yanni was mumbling something in Berber.
Yanni was mumbling.
Yanni was murdered by a disgruntled employee.
Yanni was murdered by a stranger.
Yanni was murmuring.
Yanni was muttering cuss words and insults.
Yanni was naked and touching themself.
Yanni was naked from head to toe.
Yanni was naked in bed.
Yanni was named by a nurse.
Yanni was nearing the three-way intersection.
Yanni was nearly in tears.
Yanni was nervous to drive.
Yanni was never a mean individual.
Yanni was never able to earn Rima's trust again.
Yanni was never afraid to tell the story of how he lost his son.
Yanni was never allowed the chance to defend himself.
Yanni was never alone.
Yanni was never entitled to that insurance policy.
Yanni was never held responsible for anything.
Yanni was never in any real danger.
Yanni was never in the military but he acts like a drill sergeant.
Yanni was never really been drawn to large city like Algiers.
Yanni was never sick.
Yanni was next to me.
Yanni was nice to Skura.
Yanni was nice to his Muslim neighbors.
Yanni was nice.
Yanni was no threat to Skura.
Yanni was not even in touch with reality.
Yanni was not going to recover, so his life support was removed.
Yanni was not going to take no for an answer.
Yanni was not happy.
Yanni was not in the area at the time.
Yanni was not in the right state of mind.
Yanni was not only cheating on Skura, but he was talking about it.
Yanni was notoriously aggressive.
Yanni was nowhere in sight.
Yanni was nowhere near Algiers the day Skura was murdered.
Yanni was obsessed with Skura.
Yanni was obsessed with having Skura back.
Yanni was obviously drunk.
Yanni was obviously scared.
Yanni was of course fired from his job.
Yanni was off the hook.
Yanni was off to find his father.
Yanni was offended.
Yanni was offered a chance to enter Algeria.
Yanni was offered a job as a Berber teacher.
Yanni was offered a job back in his country, Algeria.
Yanni was offered the prestigious position of director of utilities at Skura's company.
Yanni was officially diagnosed with PTSD.
Yanni was officially diagnosed with anxiety.
Yanni was on a bus heading to school.
Yanni was on a bus.
Yanni was on a business trip to Algiers.
Yanni was on a dating website.
Yanni was on a school trip.
Yanni was on a side road.
Yanni was on drugs.
Yanni was on duty that night.
Yanni was on his computer.
Yanni was on his way home.
Yanni was on his way to Algiers.
Yanni was on his way to Skura's house to drop Ziri off there.
Yanni was on his way to a convention in Algiers.
Yanni was on his way to the video store.
Yanni was on his way up.
Yanni was on his way.
Yanni was on medication.
Yanni was on pins and needles the entire time.
Yanni was on probation for something he did four months ago.
Yanni was on the Internet.
Yanni was on the beach.
Yanni was on the bus for about forty minutes.
Yanni was on the couch.
Yanni was on the floor, bleeding.
Yanni was on the floor.
Yanni was on the front porch.
Yanni was on the ground, begging for his life.
Yanni was on the ground.
Yanni was on the phone.
Yanni was on the pier.
Yanni was on the top of the hill.
Yanni was on the verge of committing a crime.
Yanni was on the verge of revealing his true identity.
Yanni was on the verge of tears.
Yanni was on vacation in Algeria with his family.
Yanni was on vacation.
Yanni was one hundred percent Algerian.
Yanni was one of the male models.
Yanni was one of the models.
Yanni was one of the nicest people I've ever spoken to.
Yanni was only carrying out orders.
Yanni was only forty.
Yanni was only working part-time.
Yanni was open about his infidelity.
Yanni was out of control.
Yanni was out of sight.
Yanni was out of the house a lot.
Yanni was out of the house one or two nights.
Yanni was out, mowing the front lawn.
Yanni was out.
Yanni was outside the mosque.
Yanni was outside, enjoying the night air.
Yanni was outside, playing soccer.
Yanni was outside.
Yanni was over six feet tall.
Yanni was over the moon to see Skura again.
Yanni was overcome with emotion.
Yanni was overly concerned.
Yanni was overly friendly to strangers.
Yanni was overwhelmed by grief.
Yanni was overwhelmed by sadness.
Yanni was overwhelmed.
Yanni was packing his suitcase for his vacation.
Yanni was painting a mural in Algiers.
Yanni was painting oil paintings.
Yanni was painting symbols of the Islamic religion.
Yanni was panicking hard.
Yanni was panicking.
Yanni was paralyzed and could not move.
Yanni was paralyzed by fear.
Yanni was paranoid so much so that he accused Skura she had been having an affair with a neighbor.
Yanni was parked illegally.
Yanni was patient with Skura.
Yanni was paying a visit to his mother in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni was paying more and more.
Yanni was paying the checks.
Yanni was peeling the figs.
Yanni was peering through the window.
Yanni was performing surgery at a private clinic.
Yanni was personally attracted to Skura.
Yanni was petrified.
Yanni was physically abusive.
Yanni was physically attracted to Skura.
Yanni was physically ill.
Yanni was physically intimidating.
Yanni was picked up by a military patrol.
Yanni was picked up by a minibus.
Yanni was picking up the groceries and putting them back in the shopping cart.
Yanni was pissed off, took off his belt and hit Skura.
Yanni was pissed that he was in the hospital.
Yanni was pissed with Skura.
Yanni was placed in foster care.
Yanni was placed in the back of the police cruiser.
Yanni was placed in the back of the squad car.
Yanni was planning his murders like class assignments.
Yanni was planning on doing something bad.
Yanni was planning on leaving the bar.
Yanni was planning to visit Algiers.
Yanni was playing Skura and Mira against each other.
Yanni was playing a dangerous game.
Yanni was playing a joke on Skura.
Yanni was playing a sport that he loved so much.
Yanni was playing cards.
Yanni was playing dumb mobile games.
Yanni was playing on his iPod.
Yanni was playing on his web TV.
Yanni was playing outside in the yard.
Yanni was playing with Skura's hair.
Yanni was playing with fire.
Yanni was playing with nearby objects.
Yanni was playing with the kids in the yard.
Yanni was pleading for his life.
Yanni was pleading with Skura not to leave him alone.
Yanni was pleased.
Yanni was pleasuring himself while on the phone with Skura.
Yanni was plotting Skura's death.
Yanni was pointing at Skura's van.
Yanni was pointing at the TV.
Yanni was pointing at the mosque.
Yanni was poisoned.
Yanni was poking a stick at an angry bull.
Yanni was popular in Algiers.
Yanni was popular in his high school.
Yanni was positively identified by the police.
Yanni was possessive and jealous.
Yanni was practically blind.
Yanni was practically getting Skura out of his life.
Yanni was practically shaking with rage.
Yanni was practically the last person to leave the burning building.
Yanni was praying and meditating in the mosque.
Yanni was praying for that to stop.
Yanni was praying in Berber.
Yanni was predicting his demise.
Yanni was preparing to leave the mosque.
Yanni was preparing to move out.
Yanni was preparing to say goodbye to Algiers and drive back home.
Yanni was pretty disgusted.
Yanni was pretty heavily involved in drug trafficking.
Yanni was pretty shook up.
Yanni was pretty similar to Ziri in all aspects.
Yanni was probably a sicko.
Yanni was probably being paranoid.
Yanni was probably crying all the way there.
Yanni was probably in his early forties or late thirties.
Yanni was professional.
Yanni was promised a better life.
Yanni was promised a life of riches.
Yanni was promised a life with a lot of money.
Yanni was pronounced dead in the hospital.
Yanni was pronounced dead.
Yanni was propped up against the nightstand, unable to get up.
Yanni was protective over Skura.
Yanni was protesting his own innocence.
Yanni was prowling around the premises.
Yanni was pulling the wire.
Yanni was pumping gas.
Yanni was punched in the face.
Yanni was punished for speeding.
Yanni was pushing the shopping cart down the aisle.
Yanni was pushing the trolley down the aisle.
Yanni was pushing to have Skura sent up to Algeria.
Yanni was put in a police car.
Yanni was put on a breathing machine.
Yanni was put on artificial life support.
Yanni was put on life support.
Yanni was put up for adoption.
Yanni was putting stuff in his shopping cart.
Yanni was puzzled and intrigued.
Yanni was puzzled.
Yanni was questioned by the police.
Yanni was questioned twice.
Yanni was questioning Skura.
Yanni was quiet.
Yanni was quite a useless manager.
Yanni was quite interested in Rima's background.
Yanni was quite possessive.
Yanni was quite protective.
Yanni was quite shocked to find out that that person was in fact a woman.
Yanni was quite shy in school.
Yanni was raised Baptist until he was twenty-four then he converted to Islam.
Yanni was raised Muslim.
Yanni was raised by a single mother.
Yanni was raised by his mom and stepdad in Algiers.
Yanni was raised in a Muslim family and he believes in God.
Yanni was raised in a Muslim family.
Yanni was raised in a slum in Morocco.
Yanni was raised in a strict Muslim household.
Yanni was raised in a very strict conservative household.
Yanni was raised in the suburbs of Algiers.
Yanni was raised on mean streets.
Yanni was re-interviewed.
Yanni was reaching for the light switch.
Yanni was reading a book in the mosque.
Yanni was reading a book.
Yanni was reading a magazine.
Yanni was reading a mystery book.
Yanni was reading about Islam.
Yanni was reading that book for his Berber literature class.
Yanni was reading that book.
Yanni was reading the Quran and taking notes.
Yanni was reading the book.
Yanni was reading the instructions.
Yanni was reading the owner's manual.
Yanni was reading the will.
Yanni was reading.
Yanni was ready to return to his bachelor life in Algeria.
Yanni was really a family guy.
Yanni was really a family man.
Yanni was really a good kid.
Yanni was really a tyrant.
Yanni was really cool.
Yanni was really drunk.
Yanni was really embarrassed.
Yanni was really grateful.
Yanni was really hesitant at first.
Yanni was really in shock.
Yanni was really lucky.
Yanni was really nice.
Yanni was really pursuing Skura.
Yanni was really rude to the cashier.
Yanni was really scared.
Yanni was really shocked and confused.
Yanni was really slow.
Yanni was really tired.
Yanni was really unreasonable.
Yanni was really well liked in Algiers.
Yanni was recounting the story again.
Yanni was redecorating his place.
Yanni was reeking like booze.
Yanni was rejected by his father.
Yanni was relaxing in the jacuzzi.
Yanni was released a week later.
Yanni was released by the police.
Yanni was released from jail in 2004.
Yanni was released from prison after four years.
Yanni was released from prison in 2004 but Skura is gone. She doesn't have her life to live.
Yanni was released from the hospital.
Yanni was released in 2004 and deported to Algeria.
Yanni was relieved to discover Skura's car was gone.
Yanni was reliving the moment as he spoke.
Yanni was reluctant at first.
Yanni was reluctant to end his marriage.
Yanni was renting a house in northern Algeria.
Yanni was renting a small two-bedroom house in Algiers.
Yanni was reported to the office.
Yanni was resolved to start afresh.
Yanni was resting at the base of a tree.
Yanni was rewarded.
Yanni was riding a horse.
Yanni was riding his bike on a dead-end street.
Yanni was riding the bus.
Yanni was riding the metro home.
Yanni was right about Skura.
Yanni was right about that.
Yanni was right in front of Skura.
Yanni was right there with Skura.
Yanni was right there, smiling at Skura.
Yanni was right.
Yanni was rightfully angry.
Yanni was ringing.
Yanni was rocked.
Yanni was rounded up.
Yanni was rubbing his hands palm to palm.
Yanni was rubbing his hands.
Yanni was rubbing his palms together.
Yanni was rubbing the back of Skura's hand with his palm.
Yanni was rude to Skura.
Yanni was rude.
Yanni was ruled out as a suspect.
Yanni was run over by a car and was killed on impact.
Yanni was running his fingers over the windshield bullseyes.
Yanni was running like his life was depending on it.
Yanni was running low on money.
Yanni was running the show.
Yanni was rushing to get on the elevator.
Yanni was sad.
Yanni was safe and cared for.
Yanni was sane enough to realize the seriousness of his crime.
Yanni was savagely beaten.
Yanni was saying something in Berber.
Yanni was scanning everybody in the room.
Yanni was scared by a giant moth.
Yanni was scared for Skura.
Yanni was scared of Rima.
Yanni was scared of dating.
Yanni was scared to death that Skura was going to get into trouble.
Yanni was scared to go to work.
Yanni was scared.
Yanni was scheduled to leave that morning.
Yanni was schooled in the Quran.
Yanni was scraping the resin off with a razor blade.
Yanni was scraping the resin.
Yanni was scraping the sticker with a razor blade.
Yanni was scratching his butt.
Yanni was screaming Skura's name.
Yanni was screaming and kicking.
Yanni was screaming and ranting at the top of his lungs.
Yanni was screaming at Skura through the door.
Yanni was screaming at the top of his lungs with rage.
Yanni was screaming curses at Skura.
Yanni was screaming in Berber.
Yanni was screaming in Skura's face.
Yanni was screaming in anger.
Yanni was screaming in frustration.
Yanni was screaming obscenities at Skura.
Yanni was screaming obscenities in Berber.
Yanni was screaming on the floor.
Yanni was screaming profanities at Skura.
Yanni was screaming something in Berber but I couldn't make out what he was saying.
Yanni was screaming stuff in Berber.
Yanni was screaming the most awful things.
Yanni was screaming to the skies.
Yanni was screaming.
Yanni was screwing the bolt down.
Yanni was screwing the light bulb in.
Yanni was searched by the police.
Yanni was searching for the source of the noise.
Yanni was seduced by gambling.
Yanni was seduced by womanizing.
Yanni was seeing a neurologist.
Yanni was seeing a psychiatrist.
Yanni was seeing another woman.
Yanni was seeking approval.
Yanni was seeking assistance.
Yanni was sensitive.
Yanni was sent away to live in Algeria with Ziri and his wife.
Yanni was sent back to Algeria.
Yanni was sent here.
Yanni was sent on a special mission.
Yanni was sent overseas for a work trip in Algeria for four months.
Yanni was sent straight back to prison.
Yanni was sent straight to the frontline.
Yanni was sent there to deliver pizza.
Yanni was sent there.
Yanni was sent to Algeria from his university.
Yanni was sent to Algeria.
Yanni was sent to kill Skura.
Yanni was sent to murder Skura.
Yanni was sentenced to a mandatory life sentence.
Yanni was sentenced to forty years in prison for conspiracy.
Yanni was sentenced to life plus forty years.
Yanni was serious.
Yanni was sexting with female acquaintances.
Yanni was sexually molested.
Yanni was shaking and alone.
Yanni was shaking violently.
Yanni was shaking.
Yanni was shining the flashlight around.
Yanni was shocked by Skura's death.
Yanni was shocked by the news.
Yanni was shocked by those revelations.
Yanni was shocked when he learned Skura had been lying to him.
Yanni was shocked when his father just showed up randomly in Algiers.
Yanni was shocked.
Yanni was short of stature, but he was very strong.
Yanni was short on money.
Yanni was shot and wounded in the back.
Yanni was shot by an unknown assailant.
Yanni was shot dead in cold blood.
Yanni was shot four times in the back of the head.
Yanni was shot in the chest.
Yanni was shot in the face.
Yanni was shot in the leg.
Yanni was shot twice.
Yanni was shouting for an ambulance to be called.
Yanni was showing Skura around.
Yanni was showing off his new car.
Yanni was showy with his cars.
Yanni was showy with his house.
Yanni was showy with his money.
Yanni was shy, too.
Yanni was sick of kids playing near his house.
Yanni was sick.
Yanni was signalling to Skura that she got something in her teeth.
Yanni was singing Skura's song.
Yanni was singing an old Berber song.
Yanni was singing in Berber.
Yanni was singing in the shower.
Yanni was singing that song.
Yanni was single.
Yanni was sitting alone in the dark.
Yanni was sitting at that table.
Yanni was sitting back, eating grapes.
Yanni was sitting by the cash register.
Yanni was sitting by the fire.
Yanni was sitting in a bad posture.
Yanni was sitting in a rocking chair across the room.
Yanni was sitting in a seat.
Yanni was sitting in his car, listening to Berber music.
Yanni was sitting in his car.
Yanni was sitting in the parking lot.
Yanni was sitting next to Skura.
Yanni was sitting on his bed.
Yanni was sitting on the bed, holding the baby.
Yanni was sitting on the counter top.
Yanni was sitting on the porch.
Yanni was sitting on the wall.
Yanni was sitting there for a long time.
Yanni was sitting there in his pajamas.
Yanni was sitting there, staring at nothing.
Yanni was sitting there, waiting for Skura.
Yanni was sitting up straight.
Yanni was sitting with Skura at the lunch table.
Yanni was sizing that man up.
Yanni was slamming things.
Yanni was sleeping in class.
Yanni was sleeping in the mosque.
Yanni was sloppy and slurring his words.
Yanni was sloppy.
Yanni was slurring his words and was definitely on something.
Yanni was slurring his words.
Yanni was smart enough to lock his truck.
Yanni was smiling.
Yanni was smoking a cigarette.
Yanni was smoking cigarettes.
Yanni was smoking in class.
Yanni was smoking marijuana.
Yanni was smuggled into North Korea after his abduction.
Yanni was snooty.
Yanni was snoring again.
Yanni was snoring.
Yanni was so afraid.
Yanni was so angry.
Yanni was so annoyed.
Yanni was so apologetic.
Yanni was so caught within Skura's web that he just couldn't get out.
Yanni was so close to just passing out.
Yanni was so competitive.
Yanni was so confused.
Yanni was so controlling.
Yanni was so crazy.
Yanni was so creeped out he didn't want to go back to the basement to switch the light off.
Yanni was so cruel.
Yanni was so devoted to his family.
Yanni was so disconnected.
Yanni was so embarrassed.
Yanni was so filthy and smelt so bad.
Yanni was so filthy that other children didn't play with him.
Yanni was so filthy that other children were scared of him and never played with him.
Yanni was so flustered.
Yanni was so focused.
Yanni was so glad he wasn't there.
Yanni was so handsome.
Yanni was so head over heels for Skura that he just felt he would do anything for her.
Yanni was so horrible.
Yanni was so impressed by his Muslim neighbors that he converted to Islam.
Yanni was so intrigued about what just happened.
Yanni was so irritated that he tore up the ticket right in the cop's face.
Yanni was so livid.
Yanni was so loud.
Yanni was so mad that he didn't have his phone.
Yanni was so mad.
Yanni was so made with Skura.
Yanni was so mean to Skura.
Yanni was so mean.
Yanni was so open about his affair with Skura.
Yanni was so paranoid about that.
Yanni was so pleased.
Yanni was so polite.
Yanni was so proud of himself.
Yanni was so quick to seek a separation from Skura.
Yanni was so romantic.
Yanni was so scared.
Yanni was so scruffy that people thought he was crazy.
Yanni was so self-assured.
Yanni was so shocked when he found out.
Yanni was so sick.
Yanni was so smitten with Skura that he didn't seem to care to be caught cheating on his wife.
Yanni was so sorry.
Yanni was so strict.
Yanni was so successful at manipulating Skura.
Yanni was so thoughtful.
Yanni was so torn as to what to do.
Yanni was so toxic.
Yanni was so uncomfortable.
Yanni was so upset.
Yanni was soaked already.
Yanni was sobbing uncontrollably.
Yanni was sober.
Yanni was sorry.
Yanni was sort of the apple of his father's eye.
Yanni was spared death row and also got life.
Yanni was speaking Berber but with words that didn't make any sense together at all.
Yanni was speaking Berber really fast.
Yanni was speaking in Arabic and what little Berber he knew.
Yanni was speaking in Berber.
Yanni was speaking in a calm and emotionless voice.
Yanni was speaking in a different language.
Yanni was speaking in a thick Kabyle accent.
Yanni was speaking in broken Berber and Arabic.
Yanni was speaking in gibberish.
Yanni was speaking in his terrible Berber.
Yanni was speaking to Skura in Berber, the local language.
Yanni was speaking to Skura in Berber.
Yanni was speaking to himself.
Yanni was speaking with a thick Kabyle accent.
Yanni was spending money that wasn't his.
Yanni was spending some quality time with his mother.
Yanni was spending the weekend at his dad's.
Yanni was spinning lies to get sympathy and help from his mother.
Yanni was spoiled by his mom rotten.
Yanni was spoiled in Algeria.
Yanni was spoiled.
Yanni was spooked to the core.
Yanni was sprawled on the bed.
Yanni was spray-painting the wall.
Yanni was stabbed multiple times.
Yanni was stalking Skura.
Yanni was stalking girls.
Yanni was stalking that girl.
Yanni was stalking women.
Yanni was standing in front of the wardrobe.
Yanni was standing in the bathroom pathway.
Yanni was standing in the doorway.
Yanni was standing in the middle of the room, speaking in Berber.
Yanni was standing in the unfinished part of the basement.
Yanni was standing on Skura's hood.
Yanni was standing outside.
Yanni was standing silently in the mosque.
Yanni was standing there with a smile on his face.
Yanni was standing there with his chest puffed out.
Yanni was standing there, in the rain.
Yanni was staring at Skura through the hole.
Yanni was staring at Skura with almost lifeless eyes.
Yanni was staring at Skura with blank and emotionless eyes.
Yanni was staring at Skura's breasts.
Yanni was staring at Skura's butt.
Yanni was staring at Skura.
Yanni was staring at that rock.
Yanni was staring at the beautiful view.
Yanni was staring at the clock.
Yanni was staring at the floor.
Yanni was staring at the water.
Yanni was staring down.
Yanni was staring in Skura's direction.
Yanni was staring into the mosque.
Yanni was staring right at Skura.
Yanni was staring straight at Skura.
Yanni was staring weirdly at Skura.
Yanni was stark naked.
Yanni was starting a new marriage.
Yanni was startled by a giant moth.
Yanni was startled.
Yanni was stationed in Alaska.
Yanni was stationed in a remote region of Algeria.
Yanni was staying at his own house.
Yanni was staying in an upscale hotel in Algiers.
Yanni was staying up pretty late.
Yanni was staying with Skura.
Yanni was steadily increasing the volume of the TV.
Yanni was stealing clothes.
Yanni was still attending college.
Yanni was still clinging to life.
Yanni was still confused.
Yanni was still in his apartment.
Yanni was still in his flat.
Yanni was still looking at Skura.
Yanni was still napping.
Yanni was still not ready to accept Islam.
Yanni was still on Skura's mind.
Yanni was still on the bus.
Yanni was still saying something in Berber.
Yanni was still staring at Skura.
Yanni was still there in that corner.
Yanni was still there, following Skura.
Yanni was still there.
Yanni was still walking parallel to us.
Yanni was still working at the art dealership.
Yanni was stoned.
Yanni was straining to get a glimpse of Skura.
Yanni was stranded in the desert.
Yanni was stranded.
Yanni was strangling Skura.
Yanni was stressed.
Yanni was strongly committed to his family life.
Yanni was struck by Skura's beauty.
Yanni was struggling to breathe.
Yanni was struggling to get up.
Yanni was struggling to talk.
Yanni was struggling to tell the story of the accident.
Yanni was struggling with his own sexuality.
Yanni was stuck in a narrow tunnel.
Yanni was stuck in the cave for hours.
Yanni was stuck in the hospital.
Yanni was stuck in traffic.
Yanni was stuck.
Yanni was studying Berber.
Yanni was studying Islam.
Yanni was studying for exams.
Yanni was studying religions and he came upon Islam.
Yanni was stupid.
Yanni was subpoenaed to testify in Texas.
Yanni was successful in his field.
Yanni was such a giving person.
Yanni was such a unique person.
Yanni was suffering from chronic depression.
Yanni was suffering from depression.
Yanni was suffering from some sort of depression.
Yanni was suffering from syphilis.
Yanni was suffering from third-degree burns.
Yanni was suffering.
Yanni was suffocated by his religious upbringing.
Yanni was suicidal.
Yanni was summoning a demon.
Yanni was super cute.
Yanni was super mean.
Yanni was super tall and skinny.
Yanni was supportive of Rima.
Yanni was supposed to be our designated driver.
Yanni was supremely betrayed by his closest collaborators.
Yanni was supremely confident.
Yanni was surprised by Skura's sudden outburst.
Yanni was surprised that Skura gave her relationship with Ziri a second chance.
Yanni was surprised to meet Skura as late as this on the street.
Yanni was surprisingly patient with Skura.
Yanni was surrounded by amazing works of art.
Yanni was suspended for four days without pay.
Yanni was suspicious enough.
Yanni was suspicious.
Yanni was swearing at that girl.
Yanni was sweating his ass off.
Yanni was sweating so much.
Yanni was sweating.
Yanni was swimming in the hotel pool.
Yanni was swimming.
Yanni was swinging at Skura.
Yanni was swinging his fists.
Yanni was swinging on that door.
Yanni was switching the breakers off one after another.
Yanni was tailgating Skura.
Yanni was taken aback by this.
Yanni was taken back to the hospital.
Yanni was taken by Skura's looks.
Yanni was taken into custody for questioning.
Yanni was taken out of class and arrested.
Yanni was taken to the back room to await a detective.
Yanni was taken to the best hospital in the area.
Yanni was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.
Yanni was taken to the hospital.
Yanni was taken to the jail.
Yanni was taken to the psychiatric unit.
Yanni was taken to the psychiatric ward.
Yanni was taking Skura to Algeria to visit family.
Yanni was taking a driving test.
Yanni was taking a dump in the backyard.
Yanni was taking a road trip in his Toyota from Bejaia to Algiers.
Yanni was taking an antidepressant known as Prozac.
Yanni was taking an exam.
Yanni was taking dictation.
Yanni was taking out his anger on Skura.
Yanni was taking things too far.
Yanni was talking a long slow walk through Algiers.
Yanni was talking about Islam.
Yanni was talking about Skura.
Yanni was talking about coming to move in with Skura.
Yanni was talking about emotional affairs.
Yanni was talking about figs.
Yanni was talking about his relationship with Skura.
Yanni was talking about how useless he was.
Yanni was talking about that night.
Yanni was talking about the future with Skura.
Yanni was talking about the movie.
Yanni was talking animatedly.
Yanni was talking crap to Skura.
Yanni was talking to Skura with headphones on.
Yanni was talking to Skura.
Yanni was talking to a customer.
Yanni was talking to a random guy.
Yanni was talking to a young woman.
Yanni was talking to his co-worker.
Yanni was talking to the imam.
Yanni was talking to the operator.
Yanni was talking too loud.
Yanni was tapping gently on the windshield.
Yanni was tapping gently to force the resin deep into the windshield chip.
Yanni was tasered.
Yanni was teaching Berber in his basement and he couldn't be happier.
Yanni was teaching Skura how to shoot a gun.
Yanni was tearing through the woods, looking for anything burnable.
Yanni was telling people that Skura was alive.
Yanni was tempted by sin.
Yanni was tempted to speed.
Yanni was tempted.
Yanni was tempting Skura to cheat.
Yanni was tending the sheep.
Yanni was terrible.
Yanni was terribly shocked.
Yanni was terribly tired.
Yanni was terrified of Skura.
Yanni was terrified of death.
Yanni was terrified of going to that store.
Yanni was terrified of the basement.
Yanni was terrified.
Yanni was testing the light switches.
Yanni was tethered to the house.
Yanni was texting Rima.
Yanni was texting a co-worker.
Yanni was thankful for that.
Yanni was the apple of his mama's eye.
Yanni was the baddest of the bad kids in his neighborhood.
Yanni was the best.
Yanni was the black sheep of his family.
Yanni was the first Muslim Skura met.
Yanni was the first to visit Skura's new house.
Yanni was the guy Skura hated most in the world.
Yanni was the last child on the playground.
Yanni was the last person on the bus.
Yanni was the love of Skura's life.
Yanni was the mastermind of the killing.
Yanni was the mastermind.
Yanni was the obvious suspect in this murder.
Yanni was the one that didn't speak Berber.
Yanni was the one who called.
Yanni was the one who did everything but he never took credit for it.
Yanni was the one who went to the mosque first.
Yanni was the only one to have prayed in the mosque that day.
Yanni was the only patient there.
Yanni was the only person in the courtroom who appeared to be surprised.
Yanni was the only person in the office.
Yanni was the only person to enter and leave that mosque.
Yanni was the prime suspect in a murder case.
Yanni was the puppet master.
Yanni was the reason that Skura met Ziri.
Yanni was the sous-chef.
Yanni was the ugliest man in the world.
Yanni was the worst person ever.
Yanni was there to support Skura's parents.
Yanni was there with another woman.
Yanni was there, peering in.
Yanni was there, searching for Skura.
Yanni was there.
Yanni was thinking about ending his own life.
Yanni was thinking about us.
Yanni was thinking of a way to honor Skura.
Yanni was thinking the same thing.
Yanni was thinking.
Yanni was thirsty for blood.
Yanni was thoroughly freaked out.
Yanni was threatening to cut his wrists.
Yanni was throwing up.
Yanni was thrown out of the hotel.
Yanni was ticketed for speeding.
Yanni was tired and fell asleep.
Yanni was tired from teaching Berber.
Yanni was tired of Skura's foolishness.
Yanni was tired of all that foolishness.
Yanni was tired of living in the forest.
Yanni was tired.
Yanni was told Skura had been seeing somebody else.
Yanni was told that Skura had been seeing somebody else and he believed that.
Yanni was too busy.
Yanni was too drunk and he blacked out.
Yanni was too drunk to think clearly.
Yanni was too frightened to testify against his attacker.
Yanni was too old for Skura.
Yanni was too protective of Skura.
Yanni was too scared to go out in the dark.
Yanni was too scared to wait.
Yanni was too scared to walk back through the backyard.
Yanni was too shy to go there.
Yanni was too stubborn to apologize.
Yanni was too terrified to go back there.
Yanni was too young to remember the accident.
Yanni was too young to remember.
Yanni was tortured by police.
Yanni was totally devastated.
Yanni was totally dismissive of Islam.
Yanni was totally oblivious to the whole thing.
Yanni was totally shocked.
Yanni was totally unaware of Skura's presence.
Yanni was touching Skura as much as possible.
Yanni was touching Skura's skin.
Yanni was tracked down to Algiers.
Yanni was trafficking girls.
Yanni was trained.
Yanni was training Skura to run his business.
Yanni was transferred to a dealership in Algiers.
Yanni was transferred to a mental hospital in Algiers.
Yanni was transferred to a worksite located in Algiers.
Yanni was transferred to another hospital.
Yanni was transfixed.
Yanni was transparent to Skura.
Yanni was trapped in a circle of addiction and incarceration.
Yanni was traumatized for life.
Yanni was traveling around Algeria.
Yanni was traveling around northern Algeria.
Yanni was traveling in Algeria.
Yanni was traveling on that road.
Yanni was treated like a dog.
Yanni was treating Skura like a bag of poo.
Yanni was truly scared for his life.
Yanni was truly surprised.
Yanni was trying to avoid his team.
Yanni was trying to be nice to Skura.
Yanni was trying to be nice to that customer.
Yanni was trying to be polite.
Yanni was trying to break into Skura's house.
Yanni was trying to break the tree by swaying it back and forth.
Yanni was trying to call a cab.
Yanni was trying to cause friction between Skura and Ziri.
Yanni was trying to contact Skura.
Yanni was trying to distract Rima.
Yanni was trying to escape the dog.
Yanni was trying to establish an alibi.
Yanni was trying to find a water fountain.
Yanni was trying to find his way.
Yanni was trying to find stability.
Yanni was trying to flirt with Skura.
Yanni was trying to focus.
Yanni was trying to get Skura out of his life.
Yanni was trying to get attention.
Yanni was trying to get custody of his son.
Yanni was trying to get people hate Skura.
Yanni was trying to hit Skura but kept missing her face.
Yanni was trying to hitch a ride.
Yanni was trying to ignore that girl.
Yanni was trying to kill Skura.
Yanni was trying to make a name for himself as a developer.
Yanni was trying to make everyone happy.
Yanni was trying to overpower his assailant.
Yanni was trying to protect Rima.
Yanni was trying to protect himself.
Yanni was trying to protect his marriage.
Yanni was trying to punch Skura but kept missing her face.
Yanni was trying to recover from the terrible loss of his daughter.
Yanni was trying to run Skura over.
Yanni was trying to save himself.
Yanni was trying to signal something to Skura.
Yanni was trying to speak to Skura's husband in Berber.
Yanni was trying to start his life over as best he could.
Yanni was trying to summon a demon.
Yanni was trying to take Rima to his apartment.
Yanni was trying to tell Skura how beautiful she was but his Berber was terrible.
Yanni was trying to walk with the help of his walker.
Yanni was trying to work his way up.
Yanni was turned in to the principal.
Yanni was twisting and pulling the wire.
Yanni was twisting the wire.
Yanni was typing a suicide note.
Yanni was typing something in Berber.
Yanni was typing.
Yanni was unable to do that.
Yanni was unable to escape.
Yanni was unable to take Berber that year.
Yanni was uncomfortable on dates.
Yanni was under Skura's spell.
Yanni was under enormous stress.
Yanni was under no obligation to serve in the Algerian army.
Yanni was undergoing treatment for alcoholism.
Yanni was understandably on edge.
Yanni was undressing Skura in his mind.
Yanni was undressing.
Yanni was unmarried at the time.
Yanni was unsteady on his feet.
Yanni was unwilling to let his marriage die.
Yanni was upset that Skura wasn't listening.
Yanni was upset with Skura.
Yanni was upset.
Yanni was upstairs to resume work.
Yanni was upstairs.
Yanni was using Skura.
Yanni was using a bucket in the basement as a toilet.
Yanni was using his cane.
Yanni was very Algerian.
Yanni was very active.
Yanni was very annoying.
Yanni was very attracted to Skura.
Yanni was very clearly implicated in Skura's death.
Yanni was very concerned about his family's security.
Yanni was very controlling.
Yanni was very dependent on Skura.
Yanni was very depressed.
Yanni was very direct.
Yanni was very disappointed that his wife had that disease.
Yanni was very distraught.
Yanni was very drunk.
Yanni was very eager to make some extra money.
Yanni was very emotional.
Yanni was very excentric.
Yanni was very excited.
Yanni was very frugal.
Yanni was very giggly.
Yanni was very good at lying and manipulating.
Yanni was very good-looking.
Yanni was very happy in Algiers.
Yanni was very hopeful.
Yanni was very hurt.
Yanni was very interested to hear Skura's supernatural stories.
Yanni was very load.
Yanni was very loud with what he was saying.
Yanni was very loving.
Yanni was very methodical.
Yanni was very muscly.
Yanni was very nervous.
Yanni was very nice.
Yanni was very outgoing.
Yanni was very possessive.
Yanni was very promiscuous.
Yanni was very proud of his car collection.
Yanni was very proud of that.
Yanni was very relieved to hear that Skura was sound and safe in Gaza.
Yanni was very respectful.
Yanni was very romantic.
Yanni was very rooted in the community.
Yanni was very scared.
Yanni was very secretive.
Yanni was very sexually frustrated.
Yanni was very shy and so was Skura.
Yanni was very sick.
Yanni was very sloppy.
Yanni was very sociable.
Yanni was very sore.
Yanni was very specific.
Yanni was very strong physically.
Yanni was very stubborn.
Yanni was very thankful.
Yanni was very thin.
Yanni was very ungrateful.
Yanni was very upset and crying.
Yanni was very upset that Skura blocked him on Snapchat.
Yanni was very upset.
Yanni was very warm and friendly.
Yanni was very willing to meet with the police.
Yanni was very, very sick.
Yanni was viciously stabbed in the sanctuary of his own home.
Yanni was violent towards his children.
Yanni was visibly angry.
Yanni was visiting a new shopping mall.
Yanni was visiting family in Algeria.
Yanni was visiting family overseas.
Yanni was visiting us from Algeria.
Yanni was vomiting.
Yanni was waiting at the bus stop.
Yanni was waiting at the cash register.
Yanni was waiting at the register.
Yanni was waiting by his locker.
Yanni was waiting for Skura and one day became two, and two days became three, but Skura never showed up.
Yanni was waiting for Skura in Algeria.
Yanni was waiting for Skura to finish her homework and come out to play.
Yanni was waiting for Skura.
Yanni was waiting for his mom.
Yanni was waiting for his shirt to dry.
Yanni was waiting for the cops to leave.
Yanni was waiting for the police to arrive.
Yanni was waiting impatiently for Skura to come.
Yanni was waiting in the cafe for Skura to return.
Yanni was waiting in the checkout line.
Yanni was waiting outside the mosque.
Yanni was waiting outside the rest area bathroom.
Yanni was waiting outside.
Yanni was walked into the store.
Yanni was walking Skura's dog.
Yanni was walking along the side of the road.
Yanni was walking backwards.
Yanni was walking briskly towards Skura.
Yanni was walking down the aisle.
Yanni was walking down the road.
Yanni was walking down the stairs.
Yanni was walking down the street.
Yanni was walking home from the mosque.
Yanni was walking in the woods.
Yanni was walking into dangerous territory.
Yanni was walking slowly and sadly through the park.
Yanni was walking through the park as usual.
Yanni was walking through the park from work.
Yanni was walking towards Skura as he was still saying something.
Yanni was walking towards Skura's truck.
Yanni was walking towards Skura.
Yanni was walking towards his bus stop.
Yanni was walking with his bike.
Yanni was walking.
Yanni was wandering around the river.
Yanni was wandering around.
Yanni was wandering in the desert.
Yanni was warmly welcomed by a Tuareg family.
Yanni was washing his hands.
Yanni was washing the dishes by hand.
Yanni was wasted.
Yanni was watching Skura's kids.
Yanni was watching Skura's video.
Yanni was watching Skura.
Yanni was watching TV in the living room.
Yanni was watching TV while eating breakfast.
Yanni was watching TV.
Yanni was watching YouTube.
Yanni was watching a documentary.
Yanni was watching a movie.
Yanni was watching a show on CNN.
Yanni was watching a soap opera.
Yanni was watching a video about Islam.
Yanni was watching a video on Islam.
Yanni was watching and studying Rima as she painted.
Yanni was watching as Skura was being thrown out of the hotel.
Yanni was watching dumb cartoons.
Yanni was watching from the inside of his car as the resin was working its way into the windshield cracks.
Yanni was watching funny videos on YouTube.
Yanni was watching helplessly as his father was beating his mother.
Yanni was watching helplessly as his father was savagely beating his mother with a belt.
Yanni was watching helplessly as his father was savagely beating his mother.
Yanni was watching his daughter carefully.
Yanni was watching his sister playing in the yard.
Yanni was watching his sister.
Yanni was watching that show.
Yanni was watching the Addams Family.
Yanni was watching the craftsmen at work.
Yanni was watching the dolphins.
Yanni was watching the show.
Yanni was watching the turtle hatchlings as they were crawling towards the sea.
Yanni was watching.
Yanni was waving his arms like a lunatic.
Yanni was waving his hands at passing cars.
Yanni was weak.
Yanni was wearing a Ghostbusters jumpsuit.
Yanni was wearing a Halloween costume.
Yanni was wearing a Hawaiian shirt.
Yanni was wearing a black backpack.
Yanni was wearing a black robe.
Yanni was wearing a bodysuit.
Yanni was wearing a bullet-proof vest.
Yanni was wearing a cow hide.
Yanni was wearing a detailed Hellboy mask.
Yanni was wearing a flannel shirt.
Yanni was wearing a green T-shirt.
Yanni was wearing a helmet.
Yanni was wearing a hooded poncho.
Yanni was wearing a hoodie with a hood over his head.
Yanni was wearing a new uniform.
Yanni was wearing a puffy jacket.
Yanni was wearing a staff shirt.
Yanni was wearing a strange black robe and holding a torch.
Yanni was wearing a stupid hat.
Yanni was wearing a sweatshirt.
Yanni was wearing dirty baggy jeans.
Yanni was wearing dirty blue jeans.
Yanni was wearing jean shorts.
Yanni was wearing khaki shorts and boots.
Yanni was wearing noise-cancelling headphones.
Yanni was wearing snow pants.
Yanni was wearing voodoo charms.
Yanni was wearing what seemed to be a police uniform.
Yanni was weeping uncontrollably.
Yanni was weirdly dressed.
Yanni was well-spoken.
Yanni was what he was and he wasn't sorry about it.
Yanni was whispering something in Berber.
Yanni was wide awake.
Yanni was willing to reconcile.
Yanni was willing to try that.
Yanni was willing to work it out.
Yanni was with Skura.
Yanni was with his significant other.
Yanni was woken by a strange noise in the middle of the night.
Yanni was wonderful.
Yanni was wondering about that.
Yanni was wondering why.
Yanni was working and trying to fit in.
Yanni was working at the store.
Yanni was working for Skura.
Yanni was working for a mosque.
Yanni was working hard as a bellman at an Algerian beach resort.
Yanni was working his first job.
Yanni was working in Algiers.
Yanni was working in a maintenance tunnel.
Yanni was working late into the night.
Yanni was working outdoors a lot.
Yanni was working till 4:00 PM.
Yanni was working two jobs to keep his family afloat.
Yanni was working.
Yanni was worried about his friend.
Yanni was worried about the police showing up.
Yanni was worried that his wife was cheating on him.
Yanni was worried.
Yanni was writing a book report and had to finish it before noon.
Yanni was writing something in Berber.
Yanni was yelling and screaming.
Yanni was yelling at a security guard.
Yanni was yelling in Berber.
Yanni was yelling in the mosque.
Yanni was yelling like a wild animal.
Yanni was yelling something in Berber.
Yanni was yelling.
Yanni was young and out of control.
Yanni was young and unfathomably stupid.
Yanni was young.
Yanni washed his face.
Yanni washed his goat's teats.
Yanni washed his goat's udder with soapy water.
Yanni washed his goat's udder with warm soapy water.
Yanni washed his goat's udder with warm water.
Yanni washed his goat's udder with wash rags.
Yanni washed his goat's udder with water.
Yanni washed the dishes.
Yanni washed the figs off.
Yanni washed the figs with filtered water.
Yanni washed the figs.
Yanni washed up.
Yanni washes his hands for at least twenty seconds.
Yanni washes his hands with soap and water.
Yanni washes his hands.
Yanni wasn't Muslim.
Yanni wasn't OK.
Yanni wasn't a manager.
Yanni wasn't a wimp.
Yanni wasn't able to explain that.
Yanni wasn't able to live the hospital.
Yanni wasn't able to outrun Skura's pitbull.
Yanni wasn't able to play basketball again.
Yanni wasn't able to play for four months.
Yanni wasn't able to sleep through the noise.
Yanni wasn't actually Algerian.
Yanni wasn't actually supposed to do that.
Yanni wasn't afraid to tackle anything.
Yanni wasn't an architect.
Yanni wasn't appearing to resist.
Yanni wasn't as busy as he seemed.
Yanni wasn't being taken care of.
Yanni wasn't cheating on Skura.
Yanni wasn't directly informed.
Yanni wasn't doing as well as he wanted to.
Yanni wasn't doing his squats right.
Yanni wasn't earning any money.
Yanni wasn't educated in human anatomy.
Yanni wasn't enthused about Skura and Ziri's wedding.
Yanni wasn't even a Muslim.
Yanni wasn't exactly sure.
Yanni wasn't expecting that.
Yanni wasn't expecting to see Skura at the party.
Yanni wasn't familiar with the area at all.
Yanni wasn't family-oriented.
Yanni wasn't feeling good.
Yanni wasn't from the area.
Yanni wasn't going to hit Skura.
Yanni wasn't going to leave his wife for another woman.
Yanni wasn't going to participate.
Yanni wasn't happy.
Yanni wasn't having a good life at the time. He was between homes.
Yanni wasn't here.
Yanni wasn't hurt.
Yanni wasn't in any of the pictures.
Yanni wasn't in his right mind.
Yanni wasn't in the car.
Yanni wasn't in the mosque.
Yanni wasn't interested in Skura's business.
Yanni wasn't interested in hitting on Skura.
Yanni wasn't interested in saving his marriage.
Yanni wasn't living a real life.
Yanni wasn't mad.
Yanni wasn't making eye contact.
Yanni wasn't moving.
Yanni wasn't neglected.
Yanni wasn't out of control.
Yanni wasn't paying the bills.
Yanni wasn't planning on stopping.
Yanni wasn't prepared for the full horror of that grisly crime scene.
Yanni wasn't raised religious.
Yanni wasn't ready to call it a night.
Yanni wasn't really paying attention.
Yanni wasn't right in his head.
Yanni wasn't right.
Yanni wasn't sent back to Algeria.
Yanni wasn't so nice.
Yanni wasn't strong enough to lift the box.
Yanni wasn't supposed to be there.
Yanni wasn't sure where the money was.
Yanni wasn't that hungry.
Yanni wasn't that thirsty.
Yanni wasn't that type of person.
Yanni wasn't the brightest kid on the block.
Yanni wasn't there.
Yanni wasn't thrilled with that.
Yanni wasn't trying very hard.
Yanni wasn't used to that.
Yanni wasn't using YouTube at that time.
Yanni wasn't very good.
Yanni wasn't wearing glasses or contacts.
Yanni wasn't wearing underwear underneath his raincoat.
Yanni wasn't working.
Yanni wasted time.
Yanni watched National Geographic Channel.
Yanni watched Netflix.
Yanni watched Rima die.
Yanni watched Rima do that.
Yanni watched Skura set up the tent.
Yanni watched Skura till she left the store.
Yanni watched Skura's videos about Islam.
Yanni watched TV in the basement.
Yanni watched a lot of horror movies.
Yanni watched a lot of music videos.
Yanni watched a lot of videos.
Yanni watched a movie.
Yanni watched a very informative video about COVID-19.
Yanni watched a video about Islam and he felt a click.
Yanni watched a video about Islam.
Yanni watched basketball.
Yanni watched helplessly as his father was punching his mother.
Yanni watched his dad feed the cows.
Yanni watched his dad praying.
Yanni watched his favorite TV show.
Yanni watched in terror when the legionnaires started to beat his mother in front of him.
Yanni watched movies.
Yanni watched some movies.
Yanni watched sports.
Yanni watched that show.
Yanni watched that.
Yanni watched the ambulance leave.
Yanni watched the car in the mirror as it sped away.
Yanni watched the pilot episode.
Yanni watched the police leave.
Yanni watched the show on Netflix.
Yanni watched the show.
Yanni watched the video to the very end.
Yanni watched the video.
Yanni watched where Skura was going.
Yanni watches Islamic channels.
Yanni watches Islamic shows.
Yanni watches Skura's videos every single day.
Yanni watches YouTube videos.
Yanni watches films in Berber.
Yanni watches this show.
Yanni watered Skura's flowers.
Yanni watered the plants.
Yanni waters his petunias every afternoon.
Yanni waxes his windshield.
Yanni wears a back brace all the time.
Yanni wears a back brace for chronic pain.
Yanni wears a back brace.
Yanni wears a six.
Yanni wears a very rigid back brace.
Yanni wears his back brace when he makes his bed.
Yanni wears his back brace when he's working in the garden.
Yanni wears his gold chain every day.
Yanni wears that suit all the time.
Yanni weaves baskets every day.
Yanni weaves baskets with natural materials.
Yanni weaves baskets with willow rods.
Yanni weaves beautiful baskets.
Yanni weaves his baskets himself.
Yanni weaves strong baskets with poplar bark.
Yanni weaves traditional Berber baskets.
Yanni weaves traditional baskets.
Yanni weaves very beautiful willow baskets.
Yanni weirded Skura's children out.
Yanni went abroad to Algeria.
Yanni went ahead with the plan.
Yanni went away.
Yanni went back home.
Yanni went back inside his house and called the cops.
Yanni went back inside.
Yanni went back into the mosque to retrieve his backpack.
Yanni went back there.
Yanni went back to Algeria again.
Yanni went back to Rima's place to retrieve his stuff.
Yanni went back to class.
Yanni went back to folding laundry.
Yanni went back to his car.
Yanni went back to his hometown.
Yanni went back to his place.
Yanni went back to his room.
Yanni went back to his work.
Yanni went back to sleep.
Yanni went back to studying.
Yanni went back to the gym.
Yanni went back to the library.
Yanni went back to the mosque.
Yanni went back to the same road.
Yanni went back to watching TV.
Yanni went back to watching some TV.
Yanni went back to work.
Yanni went bankrupt every single day.
Yanni went bowling.
Yanni went camping in Algeria.
Yanni went camping in the Algerian desert.
Yanni went caving.
Yanni went crazy.
Yanni went deep inside the cave.
Yanni went deep inside the tunnel.
Yanni went down the hill.
Yanni went down the steep hill.
Yanni went down to tell Skura.
Yanni went down to the basement.
Yanni went down.
Yanni went downstairs to where the baby was.
Yanni went downstairs, too.
Yanni went for a little walk in the park.
Yanni went hiking on Thursday.
Yanni went home.
Yanni went insane.
Yanni went inside the abandoned house.
Yanni went inside the cabin.
Yanni went inside the home.
Yanni went inside to check.
Yanni went inside.
Yanni went into a rage.
Yanni went into his bedroom.
Yanni went into the bathroom.
Yanni went into the gas station.
Yanni went into the kitchen.
Yanni went into the mosque.
Yanni went into the other room and called the police.
Yanni went into the wrong left.
Yanni went left at the round about.
Yanni went missing.
Yanni went off the rails in his teens. He got a girl pregnant and shot a policeman in the leg.
Yanni went on a backpacking trip in Algeria.
Yanni went on a journey through Algeria.
Yanni went on a road trip.
Yanni went on a spending spree that attracted the FBI's attention.
Yanni went on a trip to Algiers.
Yanni went on a university-sponsored trip to Algeria.
Yanni went on a walk and didn't take his phone.
Yanni went on a walk.
Yanni went on for fourteen hours without food.
Yanni went on four vacations a year.
Yanni went on holiday in Algeria.
Yanni went on holiday to visit family in Algeria.
Yanni went on the run with the cash.
Yanni went on to lead a quiet life.
Yanni went on trial for murder on April 4, 2004.
Yanni went on trial for murder.
Yanni went on trips.
Yanni went on with his life.
Yanni went out for a walk.
Yanni went out for the evening.
Yanni went out of his way to let Skura know exactly what he thought of her.
Yanni went out of the hospital.
Yanni went out of the store.
Yanni went out there.
Yanni went out to get some fresh air.
Yanni went out to the balcony with Skura.
Yanni went out.
Yanni went outside to check.
Yanni went outside to play.
Yanni went outside.
Yanni went over to have a word with Skura's husband.
Yanni went pale.
Yanni went shopping in a nearby village.
Yanni went shopping.
Yanni went skiing in Japan.
Yanni went straight home from there.
Yanni went straight home.
Yanni went straight instead of turning right.
Yanni went straight to the roundabout.
Yanni went straight to work from Skura's place.
Yanni went straight to work.
Yanni went straight.
Yanni went there to fetch Rima.
Yanni went through Skura's phone.
Yanni went through Skura's purse.
Yanni went through a car accident.
Yanni went through a distressing event.
Yanni went through a lot of pain.
Yanni went through a nasty divorce.
Yanni went through a painful experience.
Yanni went through a rebellious time.
Yanni went through all of this.
Yanni went through maternal abandonment.
Yanni went through that link.
Yanni went to Algeria during the summer.
Yanni went to Algeria for a couple of weeks.
Yanni went to Algeria for a quick vacation.
Yanni went to Algeria for a week-long vacation.
Yanni went to Algeria for his retirement.
Yanni went to Algeria for two weeks.
Yanni went to Algeria to get a change of scenery.
Yanni went to Algeria to put his life back together.
Yanni went to Algeria to see his mom.
Yanni went to Algeria with a friend.
Yanni went to Algiers and his friend went with him.
Yanni went to Algiers for a week or two.
Yanni went to Algiers for vacation.
Yanni went to Algiers to buy a car.
Yanni went to Algiers to see a concert.
Yanni went to Algiers with his friend.
Yanni went to Algiers.
Yanni went to Japan by plane.
Yanni went to Skura's high school.
Yanni went to Skura's house for a lovely dinner.
Yanni went to Skura's house to get help.
Yanni went to Sunni mosque.
Yanni went to a Berber music festival.
Yanni went to a Kabyle music concert.
Yanni went to a Quranic school.
Yanni went to a beach that gets a lot of tourists.
Yanni went to a campus bar.
Yanni went to a dance party.
Yanni went to a different Quranic school.
Yanni went to a different part of the store.
Yanni went to a friend's wedding.
Yanni went to a grocery store.
Yanni went to a high school in a fairly small Algerian town.
Yanni went to a hotel.
Yanni went to a huge music festival.
Yanni went to a job interview.
Yanni went to a local bar.
Yanni went to a local brothel.
Yanni went to a mosque.
Yanni went to a nearby river.
Yanni went to a party.
Yanni went to a pool party.
Yanni went to a pretty secluded beach.
Yanni went to a rap concert.
Yanni went to a restaurant in Rima's neighborhood.
Yanni went to a restaurant.
Yanni went to a shop.
Yanni went to an amusement park to take his mind off of things.
Yanni went to an art exhibition.
Yanni went to an art school in Algiers.
Yanni went to another aisle and Skura followed him.
Yanni went to another aisle.
Yanni went to buy food.
Yanni went to check if Skura was still there.
Yanni went to check on Rima.
Yanni went to check the door.
Yanni went to class.
Yanni went to college on a baseball scholarship.
Yanni went to college.
Yanni went to counseling.
Yanni went to file a police report.
Yanni went to fix breakfast.
Yanni went to get his dog.
Yanni went to get some chicken wings.
Yanni went to get the video camera.
Yanni went to great lengths to disfigure Skura's body.
Yanni went to great lengths to protect his family.
Yanni went to high school with Skura.
Yanni went to his scuba lesson.
Yanni went to jail.
Yanni went to lunch.
Yanni went to milk his other goat.
Yanni went to pick some figs for breakfast.
Yanni went to pick some fresh figs.
Yanni went to pray.
Yanni went to primary school in Algeria.
Yanni went to primary school in Algiers.
Yanni went to rap concerts.
Yanni went to school the next day.
Yanni went to school today.
Yanni went to school with Skura.
Yanni went to school.
Yanni went to see his ENT specialist.
Yanni went to see that car.
Yanni went to sleep.
Yanni went to speak to the police.
Yanni went to study.
Yanni went to take the dogs for a walk.
Yanni went to that huge roundabout.
Yanni went to that mosque uninvited.
Yanni went to that party.
Yanni went to that shopping mall.
Yanni went to the Chrea National Park.
Yanni went to the Islamic center.
Yanni went to the airport with his family.
Yanni went to the appliance section.
Yanni went to the bar to drown his sorrows.
Yanni went to the bathroom.
Yanni went to the bookstore to buy a Quran.
Yanni went to the capital.
Yanni went to the car wash.
Yanni went to the cash register.
Yanni went to the cinema to watch a movie.
Yanni went to the cliff and looked over.
Yanni went to the concert.
Yanni went to the dentist.
Yanni went to the dining room.
Yanni went to the doctor.
Yanni went to the door.
Yanni went to the employees-only bathroom.
Yanni went to the game.
Yanni went to the garage to see how the repair was going.
Yanni went to the garden to pick some figs.
Yanni went to the golf course.
Yanni went to the grocery store in the mall.
Yanni went to the grocery store.
Yanni went to the horse pasture to feed his horses and cows.
Yanni went to the hospital around 4:00 am.
Yanni went to the hospital.
Yanni went to the juice aisle.
Yanni went to the kitchen to grab a snack.
Yanni went to the kitchen.
Yanni went to the left.
Yanni went to the library.
Yanni went to the living room.
Yanni went to the main highway.
Yanni went to the mosque four times a month.
Yanni went to the mosque in the middle of the night.
Yanni went to the mosque on Friday.
Yanni went to the mosque probably four times per day.
Yanni went to the mosque the next day early in the morning.
Yanni went to the mosque to attend the taraweeh prayers.
Yanni went to the mosque to do the taraweeh prayers.
Yanni went to the mosque to tell the imam all about that.
Yanni went to the mosque two times a month.
Yanni went to the mosque with Skura.
Yanni went to the mosque with his father.
Yanni went to the mosque.
Yanni went to the movies.
Yanni went to the nearest McDonald's for food.
Yanni went to the office area.
Yanni went to the other side of the store.
Yanni went to the station.
Yanni went to the supermarket.
Yanni went to the therapist.
Yanni went to visit family in Algeria.
Yanni went to visit his childhood friend in Algeria.
Yanni went to visit his mother in Algeria.
Yanni went to work super tired with bags under his eyes.
Yanni went to work.
Yanni went too far.
Yanni went under the car.
Yanni went undercover.
Yanni went underneath the bed.
Yanni went underneath the vehicle.
Yanni went up there.
Yanni went up to get the puppy.
Yanni went upstairs to his bedroom.
Yanni went upstairs.
Yanni went white as a sheet.
Yanni went with his aunt and uncle.
Yanni went yachting in Algeria.
Yanni went.
Yanni wept.
Yanni whacked his wife with a hammer.
Yanni whispered Skura's name.
Yanni whispered something to his mom.
Yanni whistled.
Yanni will answer any question.
Yanni will be Neo and Skura will be Trinity.
Yanni will be OK.
Yanni will be a lot of fun.
Yanni will be a millionaire.
Yanni will be alright.
Yanni will be arrested and thrown into an Algerian prison.
Yanni will be attending the wedding.
Yanni will be back again next week.
Yanni will be back in four hours.
Yanni will be back in four minutes.
Yanni will be back soon.
Yanni will be back with your burritos.
Yanni will be back.
Yanni will be coming here Wednesday afternoon.
Yanni will be completely fine.
Yanni will be doing therapy for four months.
Yanni will be done in a minute.
Yanni will be dropping Skura off at the next gas station.
Yanni will be fine.
Yanni will be fine. I promise.
Yanni will be forced to call security.
Yanni will be great.
Yanni will be held accountable.
Yanni will be here.
Yanni will be home by four.
Yanni will be in Algiers next week.
Yanni will be in Algiers to meet Skura.
Yanni will be in Algiers.
Yanni will be in Japan this summer.
Yanni will be in hell.
Yanni will be moving away soon.
Yanni will be out of here in a minute.
Yanni will be posting more videos about Islam.
Yanni will be recording more videos about Islam.
Yanni will be right there.
Yanni will be sent to Algeria.
Yanni will be sharing this room with Skura.
Yanni will be spending the day in Algiers fixing up a condo for a new tenant.
Yanni will be spending the evening in Algiers.
Yanni will be staying in Algeria for a bit.
Yanni will be there soon to pick up his belongings.
Yanni will be there soon to pick up his property.
Yanni will be under intense scrutiny.
Yanni will be visiting Algeria this year.
Yanni will be watching Skura.
Yanni will burn in hell.
Yanni will buy a new drill.
Yanni will call Skura tomorrow.
Yanni will call the cops again.
Yanni will call you.
Yanni will catch AIDS sooner or later.
Yanni will clean up.
Yanni will come back here.
Yanni will come back in about an hour.
Yanni will come back in an hour.
Yanni will come back in ten minutes.
Yanni will come back.
Yanni will come in April.
Yanni will compete with the best of the best.
Yanni will die in prison.
Yanni will do it now.
Yanni will do it this time.
Yanni will do that first thing in the morning.
Yanni will do that.
Yanni will do the driving.
Yanni will do this another time.
Yanni will do what he can.
Yanni will drive Skura to the airport.
Yanni will drive to Algiers.
Yanni will enjoy that.
Yanni will eventually win.
Yanni will film another video on Thursday.
Yanni will find Skura a place.
Yanni will find out.
Yanni will give Skura a hand.
Yanni will give his van to Skura.
Yanni will give us a couple of minutes.
Yanni will go away from here.
Yanni will go to Algiers.
Yanni will go to the circus.
Yanni will go to the mosque tomorrow.
Yanni will go upstairs.
Yanni will go.
Yanni will have a family one day.
Yanni will have to come with us.
Yanni will help you write better Berber.
Yanni will inherit four million dollars in life insurance.
Yanni will let Rima know.
Yanni will like it.
Yanni will live longer.
Yanni will live the rest of his life in prison.
Yanni will look after Skura.
Yanni will love the month of Ramadan.
Yanni will make a good actor.
Yanni will meet his little sister again.
Yanni will move.
Yanni will need ropes.
Yanni will never again allow this to happen.
Yanni will never ever go shopping again with Skura.
Yanni will never find us.
Yanni will never forget Skura for this.
Yanni will never forget Skura's face so long as he lives.
Yanni will never forget Skura.
Yanni will never forgive Skura for that.
Yanni will never forgive Skura.
Yanni will never go back there.
Yanni will never have to worry about that.
Yanni will never see his kids again.
Yanni will never see the light of day.
Yanni will never stop.
Yanni will never touch you. I promise.
Yanni will pay Skura back when he can.
Yanni will pay for the damages.
Yanni will play against the big guys.
Yanni will probably craw out of jail.
Yanni will probably crawl out of jail.
Yanni will probably need five minutes to do that.
Yanni will probably talk about this for the rest of his life.
Yanni will remain for the rest of his life behind bars.
Yanni will remember that his whole life.
Yanni will return.
Yanni will roast in eternal hellfire.
Yanni will see Rima later.
Yanni will see.
Yanni will show Skura everything.
Yanni will show Skura how to milk the goat.
Yanni will show you how to fix your car yourself.
Yanni will sing a song that he himself composed.
Yanni will spend all his life in Algeria.
Yanni will spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Yanni will stay here in Algeria.
Yanni will stay in Algeria until next Ramadan.
Yanni will stay in prison until he dies.
Yanni will still be there for Skura.
Yanni will take a good few months until he can fully walk again.
Yanni will take a look at it.
Yanni will take care of Skura's dog.
Yanni will take it from here.
Yanni will take it.
Yanni will take the next bus.
Yanni will take the next coach.
Yanni will take the next flight.
Yanni will take you to Skura.
Yanni will talk a little bit more about it.
Yanni will talk about this later.
Yanni will talk to Skura.
Yanni will talk to the imam tomorrow.
Yanni will teach Skura a lesson she will never forget.
Yanni will understand that.
Yanni will win.
Yanni will yell if he wants to yell.
Yanni windshield should be replaced.
Yanni wiped the resin with a cloth.
Yanni wiped up the resin quickly.
Yanni wished Skura a good day and left.
Yanni wished he could be there with Skura.
Yanni wished he was never born.
Yanni wished that night had never happened.
Yanni withdrew that money to pay for family expenses.
Yanni witnessed the incident firsthand.
Yanni woke Skura up early.
Yanni woke Skura up for suhur.
Yanni woke up Skura.
Yanni woke up around 4:00 am.
Yanni woke up emotionally rattled from the dream.
Yanni woke up for fajr.
Yanni woke up for suhur.
Yanni woke up from a coma.
Yanni woke up from his nap.
Yanni woke up in a hospital bed.
Yanni woke up in the hospital surrounded by a bunch of doctors.
Yanni woke up in the middle of a field.
Yanni woke up in the middle of the night to the bell ringing.
Yanni woke up late.
Yanni woke up screaming.
Yanni woke up to a choking sensation.
Yanni woke up to a pickup truck passing by.
Yanni woke up to a threatening message from Skura.
Yanni woke up to an overwhelming sense of dread.
Yanni woke up to pee.
Yanni woke up to the sound of knocking.
Yanni woke up to the sound of the rumbling river.
Yanni woke up to the sound of the sunrise prayer.
Yanni woke up with Rima's face above his.
Yanni woke up with one thing on his mind: breaking up with Skura.
Yanni woke up.
Yanni won by a small number of votes.
Yanni won his prize.
Yanni won the entire prize.
Yanni won the game.
Yanni won the lottery in Algeria.
Yanni won the lottery.
Yanni won't be bothering Skura again.
Yanni won't believe that.
Yanni won't care either.
Yanni won't care.
Yanni won't change his mind.
Yanni won't do that.
Yanni won't even know Skura is here.
Yanni won't even talk to Skura.
Yanni won't feel guilty.
Yanni won't give up.
Yanni won't go to the concert.
Yanni won't have a dime.
Yanni won't have a nickel.
Yanni won't have a penny.
Yanni won't leave Skura alone.
Yanni won't leave Skura for anything.
Yanni won't let that happen to Skura.
Yanni won't make it out.
Yanni won't say anything.
Yanni won't see his dad again.
Yanni won't see his family again.
Yanni won't stop.
Yanni won't teach French anymore.
Yanni won't tell Skura.
Yanni won't tell the truth.
Yanni won't win this time.
Yanni won't withstand that relationship with Rima anymore.
Yanni won.
Yanni wondered if Skura was talking about him.
Yanni wondered if Skura would survive.
Yanni wondered what Skura was doing out so late.
Yanni wondered what Skura was doing.
Yanni wondered what was going on.
Yanni wondered what was taking so much space on Skura's hard drive.
Yanni wooed Skura lavishly. He showered her with gifts.
Yanni wore a black beanie.
Yanni wore a dark hoodie covering his head.
Yanni wore a mask that had some sort of skeleton design on it.
Yanni wore a puffy vest.
Yanni wore a t-shirt.
Yanni wore a tight shirt.
Yanni wore all black.
Yanni wore black work boots.
Yanni wore headphones all the time.
Yanni wore jeans.
Yanni wore new shoes.
Yanni wore safety glasses to fix the bullseye in his windshield.
Yanni wore shoes that were a size too small.
Yanni wore this back brace for a couple of days.
Yanni wore up terrified.
Yanni worked all night.
Yanni worked all the time.
Yanni worked as a Berber teacher.
Yanni worked at night.
Yanni worked at weekends.
Yanni worked extremely long hours.
Yanni worked for a church.
Yanni worked for a far-right group that wanted to destroy Islam.
Yanni worked for a farmer.
Yanni worked hard and he deserves this.
Yanni worked himself up to foreman.
Yanni worked in Algeria for a year.
Yanni worked in a convenience store.
Yanni worked in a store.
Yanni worked in an Algerian restaurant in Ottawa, Canada.
Yanni worked in the basement.
Yanni worked in the restaurant for four months.
Yanni worked late.
Yanni worked long hours at Skura's department store.
Yanni worked odd jobs to make ends meet.
Yanni worked on a cannery boat.
Yanni worked on thousands of cases.
Yanni worked super hard.
Yanni worked the night shift.
Yanni worked with Rima.
Yanni worked with a Muslim woman.
Yanni worked.
Yanni works a night shift at Walmart.
Yanni works alone.
Yanni works as a Berber teacher.
Yanni works as a meat cutter.
Yanni works as a physical therapy assistant.
Yanni works as a programmer for an IT company in Algeria.
Yanni works as a security guard for a dairy manufacturing facility located in Algiers.
Yanni works at a Walmart.
Yanni works at a store open 24 hours a day.
Yanni works at the supermarket.
Yanni works for a company based in Algeria.
Yanni works for a film company.
Yanni works for a small technical consulting firm.
Yanni works for food and housing.
Yanni works for the FBI and is wearing a wire.
Yanni works for the rubbish removal company.
Yanni works full-time as a Berber teacher.
Yanni works here in Algeria.
Yanni works in Algiers as a vet.
Yanni works in Gaza.
Yanni works nights.
Yanni works on a farm.
Yanni works on a full-time contract.
Yanni works on his own car.
Yanni works out of town.
Yanni works the night shift at a hotel.
Yanni works the night shift.
Yanni works two jobs every day.
Yanni works with Muslims.
Yanni works with a lot of women.
Yanni works with women.
Yanni works.
Yanni worried too much.
Yanni worries me.
Yanni worships God.
Yanni worships Satan.
Yanni would always make fun of Skura.
Yanni would be able to continue.
Yanni would be an ideal life partner.
Yanni would be burnt at the stake.
Yanni would be glad to talk to Skura.
Yanni would be there.
Yanni would beat Skura right in front of her children.
Yanni would beat his wife and children with a baseball bat. It tells us that the depth of his psychological depravity is very high.
Yanni would do anything to get the woman he wants.
Yanni would do anything to go back to Algeria.
Yanni would do anything to prove you wrong.
Yanni would drink all day.
Yanni would drink anything.
Yanni would fight to the death if he had to.
Yanni would go out and wouldn't come back for days.
Yanni would go the extra mile for you.
Yanni would go.
Yanni would hang out with Ziri when he is bored.
Yanni would have been better staying home.
Yanni would have called Skura's husband.
Yanni would have used that gun.
Yanni would hurt his own children.
Yanni would leave his family too often to go to Algeria.
Yanni would make such a great friend.
Yanni would never abandon his children.
Yanni would never be happy without Skura.
Yanni would never cheat on Skura.
Yanni would never cheat on his wife.
Yanni would never cross those lines.
Yanni would never do that to Skura.
Yanni would never do that without discussing it with Skura.
Yanni would never do what Skura told him.
Yanni would never give Skura's number to someone without her prior consent.
Yanni would never have done that to a customer.
Yanni would never hit a man when he's down.
Yanni would never hurt a fly.
Yanni would never say such a thing.
Yanni would never sleep in class.
Yanni would never stab Skura in the back.
Yanni would never tell where he had made his money.
Yanni would not believe.
Yanni would not have committed suicide.
Yanni would not leave his mother's side.
Yanni would not obey any rules his father had.
Yanni would not wear this back brace.
Yanni would occasionally go to Algiers.
Yanni would pleasure himself whenever he thought about Skura.
Yanni would scratch his butt one minute, then shake your hand the next minute.
Yanni would use any excuse to shout abuse at Skura.
Yanni wouldn't accept Skura's money.
Yanni wouldn't ask you to do it.
Yanni wouldn't be able to bend forward with such a rigid back brace.
Yanni wouldn't be able to walk for more than four hours per day for the rest of his life.
Yanni wouldn't be alive if Skura didn't find him.
Yanni wouldn't call that cheating.
Yanni wouldn't change his religion for the world.
Yanni wouldn't do something like that.
Yanni wouldn't get along with most people.
Yanni wouldn't hesitate to get physical when he's mad.
Yanni wouldn't let anyone hurt his baby brother.
Yanni wouldn't stay with anybody for more than a couple of months.
Yanni wouldn't take Skura to work.
Yanni wouldn't worry.
Yanni wove a tiny basket.
Yanni wove his first basket at age 8.
Yanni wove his first basket at age eight.
Yanni wrapped electrical tape around the wires.
Yanni wrestled that guy off of Skura.
Yanni writes Berber with near-perfect spelling.
Yanni writes and speaks Berber.
Yanni writes children's books in Berber.
Yanni writes his articles in a refreshing narrative.
Yanni wrote Skura a letter in Berber.
Yanni wrote Skura a love letter on Valentine's Day.
Yanni wrote Skura a message to thank her.
Yanni wrote a DIY guide.
Yanni wrote a Wikipedia article about Algeria.
Yanni wrote a big essay.
Yanni wrote a book about Algeria's monetary system.
Yanni wrote a book about advanced robotics.
Yanni wrote a book about conspiracy theories.
Yanni wrote a book about how he converted to Islam.
Yanni wrote a book about mythological creatures.
Yanni wrote a book about planets.
Yanni wrote a book about tourism in Algeria.
Yanni wrote a book on the Berber language.
Yanni wrote a book on why he converted to Islam.
Yanni wrote a book.
Yanni wrote a comprehensive travel guide about Japan.
Yanni wrote a cook book.
Yanni wrote a couple of books about marriage.
Yanni wrote a farewell message.
Yanni wrote a few books on comparative religion.
Yanni wrote a letter to Rabbi Dovid Weiss in Yiddish.
Yanni wrote a pretty long letter to Skura.
Yanni wrote a reflection about how he came back from that depression.
Yanni wrote a report about Algeria's banking system.
Yanni wrote a study about modern figurative art.
Yanni wrote a suicide note.
Yanni wrote a whole book about how to recycle light bulbs.
Yanni wrote about that.
Yanni wrote an analysis on the Algerian economy.
Yanni wrote an article about Islam.
Yanni wrote an article about the pension system in Algeria.
Yanni wrote an autobiography.
Yanni wrote an entire book about that.
Yanni wrote an essay about the environment.
Yanni wrote an essay.
Yanni wrote his confession in Berber.
Yanni wrote his reflections in that journal.
Yanni wrote in his diary that he loved Skura.
Yanni wrote letters to Rima.
Yanni wrote many articles about figs on Facebook.
Yanni wrote that in correct Berber.
Yanni wrote the note with a pen.
Yanni wrote those feelings down.
Yanni wrote to the author of the book.
Yanni wrote to the publisher.
Yanni yanked Martha's dress so had that it ripped.
Yanni yanked the door open.
Yanni yearned for a life of freedom and adventure.
Yanni yelled at Skura the entire way home.
Yanni yelled at Skura to get away.
Yanni yelled at Skura.
Yanni yelled but there was no reply.
Yanni yelled curses in Berber.
Yanni yelled hi to me and Skura's name.
Yanni yelled in frustration.
Yanni yelled one more thing in Berber.
Yanni yelled out at Skura.
Yanni yelled some pretty nasty remarks.
Yanni yelled something extremely crude at the teacher.
Yanni yelled.
Yanni's Berber has gotten better.
Yanni's Berber is excellent.
Yanni's Berber is really poor.
Yanni's Berber is still basic.
Yanni's Berber is very rudimentary.
Yanni's Berber novel was published in 2004.
Yanni's Berber sounds more sophisticated.
Yanni's Berber teacher has a charismatic personality that makes you love studying the language.
Yanni's Berber teacher is also his best friend.
Yanni's Berber teacher is his best friend.
Yanni's Berber was almost perfect.
Yanni's Berber was near perfect.
Yanni's Berber was perfect.
Yanni's Berber was terrible.
Yanni's Dalmatian is very handsome and friendly.
Yanni's Esperanto name is Janio.
Yanni's OK isn't OK.
Yanni's Quran was gone.
Yanni's Quran was missing.
Yanni's Snapchat account was fake.
Yanni's Uber is coming.
Yanni's Uber is on its way.
Yanni's Uber pulled up.
Yanni's a blacksmith.
Yanni's accent sounded Kabyle.
Yanni's accidental death at the factory was completely swept under the rug.
Yanni's accusations were unfounded.
Yanni's address has been vacant for years.
Yanni's affair came to the surface.
Yanni's affair has turned his life into a lie.
Yanni's affair is gonna come to the surface.
Yanni's affair with Rima lasted years.
Yanni's affair with Skura ruined his reputation.
Yanni's affairs always come to the surface.
Yanni's alarm bells went off.
Yanni's alarm clock is his laptop.
Yanni's alarm was turned off.
Yanni's alcohol was on the table.
Yanni's alcoholism worsened.
Yanni's amazing story happened in Algeria.
Yanni's and Skura's kids are fighting more and more frequently.
Yanni's and Skura's paths in life are very similar.
Yanni's and Skura's tables were angled differently.
Yanni's and Skura's views are very much alike.
Yanni's anger simmered.
Yanni's anger was spiraling out of control.
Yanni's answer made Skura's heart drop to her stomach.
Yanni's answer rang an alarm bell for Skura.
Yanni's answer startled Skura.
Yanni's answers are always the same.
Yanni's answers rang true.
Yanni's apartment is a sauna.
Yanni's apartment is so hot the second you walk into it.
Yanni's apartment overlooks a quarry.
Yanni's apartment was completely deserted.
Yanni's apartment was sealed off by the police.
Yanni's apologies often devolve into physical altercations.
Yanni's apology devolved into a physical argument.
Yanni's apology quickly devolved into another argument.
Yanni's apology quickly devolved into another yelling session.
Yanni's appearance was always unkempt.
Yanni's appearance was very important to him.
Yanni's arm was completely ripped off his body.
Yanni's arms were fully laden with grocery bags.
Yanni's arrest began a domino effect.
Yanni's arrogance will be his downfall.
Yanni's article was translated into Berber.
Yanni's attitude towards Islam changed.
Yanni's attitude was starting to charge for the worse.
Yanni's autism is much worse than Skura's.
Yanni's baby brother was crying.
Yanni's baby was sitting on Skura's knee.
Yanni's back brace is insanely expensive.
Yanni's back brace is pretty rigid.
Yanni's back brace is so heavy.
Yanni's back door leads to the forest.
Yanni's backpack saved him.
Yanni's backyard is a mess.
Yanni's backyard is well lit with floodlights.
Yanni's bad breath was back.
Yanni's bad luck travels with him.
Yanni's balcony looks over the parking lot.
Yanni's balcony overlooks the parking lot.
Yanni's bar is down the street.
Yanni's basement is unfinished.
Yanni's bath mixer is broken.
Yanni's beach is beautiful and affordable.
Yanni's bedroom has a good view of the backyard.
Yanni's bedroom lights were flickering.
Yanni's beer was bad.
Yanni's behavior is driven by fear.
Yanni's behavior is negatively affecting his life.
Yanni's behavior is odd at times.
Yanni's behavior is strange.
Yanni's behavior underlines a clear pattern of self-centeredness.
Yanni's behavior was odd.
Yanni's best friend is here.
Yanni's biggest fear was getting stuck in the cave.
Yanni's birthday came and he heard nothing from Skura.
Yanni's birthday is April 4th.
Yanni's birthday party went out as planned.
Yanni's birthday went horribly wrong.
Yanni's blood ran cold.
Yanni's blood was boiling.
Yanni's blows left Skura wounded, but not fatally.
Yanni's boat wasn't found at the bottom of the lake.
Yanni's body became accustomed to fasting during the month of Ramadan.
Yanni's body disappeared and is still not properly laid to rest.
Yanni's body is here but his mind is with Skura.
Yanni's body is with his wife but his mind is with Skura.
Yanni's body language changed completely.
Yanni's body lies beneath this cement.
Yanni's body might have been transported in a suitcase.
Yanni's body rejected Skura's kidney.
Yanni's body was burned so badly.
Yanni's body was drained of all blood.
Yanni's body was dug up.
Yanni's body was found in the snow.
Yanni's body was hanging from the bridge.
Yanni's body was identified based on his clothing.
Yanni's body was naked.
Yanni's body was removed from Skura's property.
Yanni's body was ripped into pieces.
Yanni's body was severely decomposed.
Yanni's body was unearthed.
Yanni's body was weakened.
Yanni's book says it's dangerous to do that.
Yanni's books were all he had to keep him going.
Yanni's boots are too girly.
Yanni's boss commanded a lot of authority.
Yanni's boss is an unsavory character.
Yanni's boss is mean.
Yanni's boss laid him off.
Yanni's boss leaves at 4:30 every day.
Yanni's boss transferred him to another store's branch.
Yanni's boss was indeed a jerk.
Yanni's breath reeked of booze.
Yanni's breath smelt earthy like he had eaten soil.
Yanni's breath smelt funky.
Yanni's breathing stopped completely.
Yanni's brother isn't religious.
Yanni's brother was napping.
Yanni's bus will be here soon.
Yanni's business became a global success.
Yanni's business boomed.
Yanni's business hit hard times.
Yanni's business is booming.
Yanni's business is doing well.
Yanni's business needs a professional website.
Yanni's business partners started to desert him.
Yanni's business was booming.
Yanni's business was on the brink of disaster.
Yanni's business was paying off.
Yanni's cab had no logo.
Yanni's cab is late.
Yanni's cab wasn't marked.
Yanni's call changed Skura's life.
Yanni's call sent Skura over the edge.
Yanni's camera didn't record anything that night.
Yanni's camera isn't charged.
Yanni's cane was broken.
Yanni's cappuccino machine is broken and is in the garage.
Yanni's car broke down.
Yanni's car crashed into a giant electrical wooden post.
Yanni's car didn't stop and zoomed past Skura.
Yanni's car flipped three or four times.
Yanni's car had a GPS in it.
Yanni's car had a flat tire.
Yanni's car has a huge bullseye in its windshield.
Yanni's car has a mechanical issue.
Yanni's car has an Algiers license plate.
Yanni's car has an ugly bullseye in the windshield.
Yanni's car has an ugly bullseye on its windshield.
Yanni's car has leather seats.
Yanni's car has only one headlight working.
Yanni's car is OK.
Yanni's car is a piece of crap.
Yanni's car is cold.
Yanni's car is gone now.
Yanni's car is in direct sunlight.
Yanni's car is old.
Yanni's car is outside.
Yanni's car is sitting there.
Yanni's car is still in the parking lot.
Yanni's car is super expensive and he can't afford a new windshield.
Yanni's car jerked.
Yanni's car leaks inside.
Yanni's car neared.
Yanni's car nearly crashed into a ditch.
Yanni's car ran out of gas.
Yanni's car started flipping.
Yanni's car started to jolt slightly.
Yanni's car started to jump slightly.
Yanni's car veered off the road and crashed.
Yanni's car was empty.
Yanni's car was found in a ravine.
Yanni's car was missing.
Yanni's car was on the side of the road.
Yanni's car was parked behind the bar.
Yanni's car was parked in the driveway.
Yanni's car was really small.
Yanni's car was still there in the same spot.
Yanni's car won't start.
Yanni's career faltered.
Yanni's career in professional soccer is over.
Yanni's career was fantastic.
Yanni's cat came and sat next to Skura.
Yanni's cat clawed his face.
Yanni's cat didn't do anything wrong.
Yanni's cat didn't take its eyes off Skura.
Yanni's cat doesn't like me and the feeling is mutual.
Yanni's cat is angry.
Yanni's cat is crazy.
Yanni's cat is pretty awesome.
Yanni's cat is probably not happy for being in a box.
Yanni's cat is really cute.
Yanni's cat is sick.
Yanni's cat is very friendly.
Yanni's cat isn't under here either.
Yanni's cat kept meowing at him until he woke up.
Yanni's cat looks mischievous.
Yanni's cat needed help coming down.
Yanni's cat never comes to him when he calls him.
Yanni's cat pooped on Skura's pillow.
Yanni's cat pooped on the couch.
Yanni's cat sat on Skura's lap.
Yanni's cat slashed his face.
Yanni's cat sleeps all day.
Yanni's cat was meowing.
Yanni's cat was rubbing itself against Skura.
Yanni's cellphone statement shows countless calls to Algeria.
Yanni's change has created a domino effect at work.
Yanni's charger isn't working.
Yanni's cheating will destroy his relationship.
Yanni's cheeks get super red when he's nervous.
Yanni's childhood home is in Bejaia, Algeria.
Yanni's childhood in Algeria was difficult.
Yanni's childlike trust led him into a terrible trap.
Yanni's children are so spoiled.
Yanni's children didn't trouble Skura.
Yanni's children grew up in Algiers.
Yanni's children loved him.
Yanni's children played out there every day.
Yanni's children visited him in prison.
Yanni's children were at his apartment with his wife at the time.
Yanni's children were completely filthy.
Yanni's children were taken away.
Yanni's clothes are incredibly dirty.
Yanni's clothes were clean.
Yanni's clothes were torn.
Yanni's clothing was stacked on the couch.
Yanni's coach said that he was a great player.
Yanni's coach says he's not fast enough.
Yanni's cocktails taste like dish soap.
Yanni's cocktails taste like sewage water.
Yanni's cocktails taste like the bottom of the sea.
Yanni's coming to Algeria was meant to be a fresh start.
Yanni's commercial exploits women.
Yanni's commercial is absolutely racist and offensive.
Yanni's company announced it would be moving to Algeria.
Yanni's company didn't exist.
Yanni's company is based in Algeria.
Yanni's company is based in Algiers.
Yanni's company is based near the Safir Hotel in Algiers.
Yanni's company is looking to conduct business in Algeria.
Yanni's company is registered in Algeria.
Yanni's company only has four employees.
Yanni's company provides visa services.
Yanni's company set up a fund to help his grieving widow.
Yanni's company set up shot in Algeria.
Yanni's company was based in Algeria.
Yanni's company was bought and absorbed by the titanic Boeing.
Yanni's company was involved in the production of the Harry Potter films.
Yanni's computer is fixed now.
Yanni's computer is password protected.
Yanni's computer operated incredibly slowly.
Yanni's conscience was calling.
Yanni's conscience was getting to him.
Yanni's constant complaining was unbearable.
Yanni's conversion to Islam was the best experience of his life.
Yanni's cookie is good.
Yanni's cookies are delicious.
Yanni's cousin is from Algiers.
Yanni's cousins are from Algeria.
Yanni's cracked windshield needs to be replaced.
Yanni's crime was particularly horrific.
Yanni's dad and mom have a complicated situation.
Yanni's dad can handle this.
Yanni's dad is a scorpion specialist.
Yanni's dad is an electrician.
Yanni's dad is coming soon.
Yanni's dad is from Algeria.
Yanni's dad is not as religious as his mother.
Yanni's dad made a scene.
Yanni's dad passed in 2004.
Yanni's dad slipped away during the night.
Yanni's dad wanted to know that.
Yanni's dad was sent to prison.
Yanni's dad was sitting right next to him.
Yanni's dark mood was affecting the whole family.
Yanni's dashboard is dusty.
Yanni's data is encrypted.
Yanni's date wasn't good.
Yanni's daughter and her husband moved to Algeria.
Yanni's daughter converted to Islam.
Yanni's daughter got wild.
Yanni's daughter has been kidnapped.
Yanni's daughter looks just like Ziri's girlfriend.
Yanni's daughter looks so beautiful.
Yanni's daughter was giving him a lot of problems.
Yanni's daughter was still in high school.
Yanni's daughter won a beauty pageant.
Yanni's daughters don't wear the hijab.
Yanni's daughters wear the hijab.
Yanni's days in Algiers are numbered.
Yanni's death at the factory was completely covered up.
Yanni's death has left an immeasurable void in his family.
Yanni's death hit Skura hard.
Yanni's death made headlines.
Yanni's death rocked Algiers to its core.
Yanni's death sentence was commuted to life in prison.
Yanni's death shattered many lives.
Yanni's death shook Algiers to its foundations.
Yanni's death was anything but natural.
Yanni's death was never suspected to be murder.
Yanni's death was purely accidental.
Yanni's death was slow and painful.
Yanni's death was tragic.
Yanni's definition of friendship drove a wedge between him and Skura.
Yanni's definition of help drove a wedge between him and Skura.
Yanni's dental crown broke.
Yanni's depression bubbled to anger.
Yanni's diaper is on the couch.
Yanni's diary will allow Skura to sue him.
Yanni's did not lock his door.
Yanni's dirty laundry was hung out in full view of the community.
Yanni's dirty laundry was hung out to see.
Yanni's disappearance hurt Rima so much.
Yanni's disease is no walk in the park.
Yanni's dishes are always clean.
Yanni's divorce lasted longer than his marriage.
Yanni's doctor prescribed him a new medication.
Yanni's dog ate the scorpion.
Yanni's dog broke away of his chain and ran out.
Yanni's dog came to the bedroom.
Yanni's dog chased Skura down the street.
Yanni's dog chased that man.
Yanni's dog developed cancer and had to be put down.
Yanni's dog exposed his stomach to him.
Yanni's dog followed Skura.
Yanni's dog has been chasing June beetles in the garden.
Yanni's dog has some aggression issues he is working on.
Yanni's dog is barking his head off.
Yanni's dog is not aggressive.
Yanni's dog is not going to bite you.
Yanni's dog is trained to only accept food from him or his parents.
Yanni's dog is very protective.
Yanni's dog killed a huge scorpion in the backyard.
Yanni's dog made Skura uneasy.
Yanni's dog never barks.
Yanni's dog passed away of illness.
Yanni's dog ran after a squirrel.
Yanni's dog ran on Skura's property, triggering her alarm.
Yanni's dog ran out in front of the car.
Yanni's dog really doesn't like people she doesn't know.
Yanni's dog snarled its teeth.
Yanni's dog started barking at the door.
Yanni's dog started barking outside.
Yanni's dog started barking upon seeing Skura.
Yanni's dog started barking.
Yanni's dog started going crazy.
Yanni's dog started growling.
Yanni's dog started pooping out blood.
Yanni's dog stopped right next to Skura's tent.
Yanni's dog tried to bite Skura.
Yanni's dog trusted Skura pretty quickly.
Yanni's dog walked right in front of Skura's car.
Yanni's dog wanted in.
Yanni's dog was abnormally large for his breed.
Yanni's dog was at the end of the bed.
Yanni's dog was barking.
Yanni's dog was gentle with Skura.
Yanni's dog was growling at Skura.
Yanni's dog was huge.
Yanni's dog was trying to protect Skura.
Yanni's dog was with him on the balcony.
Yanni's dog was with him.
Yanni's dog would never bite anyone unless it's attacked.
Yanni's dogs are harmless but intimidating.
Yanni's door creaked open.
Yanni's door has four different working locks.
Yanni's door has no dead bolt.
Yanni's door is always locked, whether he's here or not.
Yanni's door is always locked.
Yanni's door is locked.
Yanni's door is still wide open.
Yanni's door opened.
Yanni's door was entirely made of oak.
Yanni's door was locked.
Yanni's door was rusted shut.
Yanni's doorknob began to rattle.
Yanni's dream vacation in Algeria became a nightmare.
Yanni's drinking was out of control.
Yanni's drinking was the least of Skura's worries.
Yanni's drive was confiscated by the police.
Yanni's driveway is about forty meters long.
Yanni's driving teacher is so fun.
Yanni's driving teacher is so nice.
Yanni's driving test was really hard.
Yanni's driving test was very tough.
Yanni's dumping ground is Skura's backyard.
Yanni's ears perked up when he heard someone speaking in Berber.
Yanni's ego got bruised.
Yanni's ego shattered.
Yanni's ego was soaring.
Yanni's emotional affair with Skura turned sexual.
Yanni's employee started drastically cutting his hours.
Yanni's entire body was put into casts.
Yanni's entire life is in that backpack.
Yanni's estate was in disarray.
Yanni's experience was short-lived.
Yanni's explanation didn't add up.
Yanni's explanation doesn't hold water.
Yanni's explanation is making less and less sense.
Yanni's explanation was very convincing.
Yanni's extended family is attending his wedding.
Yanni's eye started to twitch.
Yanni's eyes are twitching.
Yanni's eyes began playing tricks on him.
Yanni's eyes slightly widened.
Yanni's eyes starting getting heavy.
Yanni's eyes were blank and dead.
Yanni's eyes were bloodshot red.
Yanni's eyes were completely locked onto Skura's.
Yanni's eyes were deranged and he had a sinister smile.
Yanni's eyes were red.
Yanni's eyes were swollen.
Yanni's eyes were wide and fierce.
Yanni's eyes widened when he saw Skura.
Yanni's eyes widened.
Yanni's eyesight returned.
Yanni's face began to heat up.
Yanni's face faded away out of Skura's view.
Yanni's face slammed into the passenger side window.
Yanni's face was almost completely covered.
Yanni's face was bloody.
Yanni's face was pouring blood.
Yanni's face was stained with tears.
Yanni's face was swollen.
Yanni's face went right into the fence.
Yanni's family always gathers at his grandfather's house to celebrate Yennayer.
Yanni's family and friends have missed his gregarious presence.
Yanni's family comes from rural Algeria.
Yanni's family comes from the Algerian countryside.
Yanni's family didn't support his decision to convert to Islam.
Yanni's family doesn't like goat milk.
Yanni's family ended up moving to Algiers.
Yanni's family has been running a restaurant in Algiers for generations.
Yanni's family has run a restaurant in Algiers for generations.
Yanni's family is in Algiers.
Yanni's family is kind of conservative.
Yanni's family is like a pot that's about to boil over.
Yanni's family is opposed to that.
Yanni's family is opposed to the marriage.
Yanni's family is poor.
Yanni's family life has just collapsed.
Yanni's family lives in Algeria.
Yanni's family lives in Algiers.
Yanni's family moved to Algeria when he was four.
Yanni's family on both sides are Muslim.
Yanni's family relocated to Algeria.
Yanni's family scheduled a memorial service but Skura didn't attend it.
Yanni's family used to love Yennayer.
Yanni's family was so poor.
Yanni's family were excited that he had met Skura.
Yanni's farm is in deep decline.
Yanni's farm is on the top of a mountain.
Yanni's father fought in the Algerian war of independence.
Yanni's father had a very regimented way of looking at the world.
Yanni's father is Algerian.
Yanni's father is Muslim.
Yanni's father is from Algiers.
Yanni's father is in jail.
Yanni's father is one of the most respected Tuareg chiefs in the region.
Yanni's father isn't in the picture anymore.
Yanni's father lives down in Algeria.
Yanni's father never told him.
Yanni's father oozed manhood and authority.
Yanni's father put him down a lot.
Yanni's father was a Tuareg herdsman.
Yanni's father was a big-spending, big-talking Texan.
Yanni's father was a severe alcoholic and needed care.
Yanni's father was a strict Muslim.
Yanni's father was a thief and he passed on his "family values" to his children.
Yanni's father was alcoholic and used to verbally and physically abuse his family.
Yanni's father was an ENT.
Yanni's father was quite overprotective.
Yanni's father was removed from his life when he was just four.
Yanni's father was very abusive towards his mother.
Yanni's father went to fight in the Algerian war of independence.
Yanni's favorite fruit is figs.
Yanni's favorite snack is figs.
Yanni's fear was consuming him.
Yanni's feelings don't matter now.
Yanni's feet are hurting.
Yanni's feet were always twirling.
Yanni's fig jam is almost ready.
Yanni's fig jam is delicious.
Yanni's films were decried as a poison designed to corrupt people.
Yanni's financial problems made him depressed.
Yanni's firm is relocating from France to Algeria.
Yanni's firm is relocating to Algeria.
Yanni's first job was a busboy.
Yanni's flashlight began to die.
Yanni's flowers haven't grown an inch.
Yanni's four-year marriage ended with Skura's tragic death.
Yanni's fourth driving test is in April.
Yanni's fridge was open.
Yanni's friend came over and brought us four shots of alcohol.
Yanni's friend has got a problem.
Yanni's friend was setting off alarm bells.
Yanni's friend wouldn't do this.
Yanni's friend's mom came out.
Yanni's friends are angry at him.
Yanni's friends are waiting for him.
Yanni's friends called him.
Yanni's frustration turned to fury.
Yanni's future is too uncertain.
Yanni's gambling addiction ballooned out of control.
Yanni's garage door was closed.
Yanni's garage door was locked.
Yanni's garage door was shut.
Yanni's gas station is just four miles from his house.
Yanni's gear sometimes gets stuck.
Yanni's giggling was coming from the next aisle over.
Yanni's girlfriend moved in as well.
Yanni's girlfriend was very jealous.
Yanni's glasses and dishes are spotless.
Yanni's glasses are broken.
Yanni's glory days are over.
Yanni's goat has parasites.
Yanni's goat is a kicker.
Yanni's goat is hard to milk.
Yanni's goat is hard to milk. She likes to kick.
Yanni's goat is huge, pretty aggressive and insanely difficult to milk.
Yanni's goat is pretty aggressive.
Yanni's goat kicked the bucket over.
Yanni's goat kicks a lot.
Yanni's goat likes to kick.
Yanni's goat was grazing.
Yanni's goats are amazingly easy to handle.
Yanni's goats are doing awesome.
Yanni's goats are easier to handle.
Yanni's goats are really loud.
Yanni's goats are really small.
Yanni's goats are very easy to milk.
Yanni's goats are very friendly.
Yanni's goats aren't hard to handle.
Yanni's goats have large teats.
Yanni's goats have smaller teats.
Yanni's gold chain has a cross on it.
Yanni's gold chain is there.
Yanni's good life was short-lived.
Yanni's graduation was the validation of his life.
Yanni's grandad died in 2004.
Yanni's grandfather has passed.
Yanni's grandfather is one of the original founders of their village.
Yanni's grandma passed when he was in his late teens.
Yanni's grandmother died in 2004.
Yanni's grandmother lives in Algeria.
Yanni's grandmother would not open the door at night to strangers, especially men.
Yanni's grandpa passed when he was in his late teens.
Yanni's greatest dream will come true.
Yanni's greed ended up coming back to bite him.
Yanni's grocery store is small.
Yanni's grocery store is smaller.
Yanni's grueling work schedule is starting to wear him down.
Yanni's gullibility sealed his fate.
Yanni's gums were bleeding.
Yanni's gun is cocked and ready to fire.
Yanni's gun is in the glovebox.
Yanni's gun was laying on the floor.
Yanni's had was on the gear stick.
Yanni's hair got messy.
Yanni's hair is gray.
Yanni's hair is neat.
Yanni's hands always smell of poop.
Yanni's hands are always clean.
Yanni's hands are clean.
Yanni's hands are dirty as hell.
Yanni's hands are disgusting.
Yanni's hands are dry.
Yanni's hands are filthy.
Yanni's hands are now clean.
Yanni's hands are smelly.
Yanni's hands are sticky. He must have been eating figs.
Yanni's hands are sweating.
Yanni's hands crack.
Yanni's hands smell funny.
Yanni's hands smell of poop.
Yanni's hands smell of shit.
Yanni's hands smell of vomit.
Yanni's hands were full.
Yanni's hands were shaking on the steering wheel.
Yanni's hands were slippery because they were oily.
Yanni's happiness comes from love.
Yanni's hatred for his father grew.
Yanni's head was cut off.
Yanni's head was never found.
Yanni's head was spinning with ideas.
Yanni's headlights were on.
Yanni's health continued to fail.
Yanni's health is finally beginning to improve.
Yanni's health may be improving.
Yanni's health was deteriorating due to cancer.
Yanni's health was in rapid decline.
Yanni's heart dropped into his stomach.
Yanni's heart gave in from a lack of oxygen.
Yanni's heart immediately dropped into his stomach.
Yanni's heart sank into his butt.
Yanni's heart stopped and he died.
Yanni's heart wasn't in the marriage.
Yanni's heart went out for Rima.
Yanni's help for Skura was just like throwing a rope to a drowning man.
Yanni's home was checked by police.
Yanni's home was engulfed in flames.
Yanni's hood wasn't safe.
Yanni's horrible death sparked a media storm.
Yanni's horrible murder sparked a media storm.
Yanni's house began to burn.
Yanni's house has a cathedral ceiling.
Yanni's house has a large patio.
Yanni's house has a staircase that goes from the bottom floor to the fourth floor.
Yanni's house has an alarm system.
Yanni's house has four bedrooms.
Yanni's house has water access.
Yanni's house is a lot closer to our school.
Yanni's house is about half a mile away.
Yanni's house is at the base of the hill.
Yanni's house is built on granite.
Yanni's house is built on quicksand.
Yanni's house is dark and cold.
Yanni's house is different.
Yanni's house is four hundred feet from the mosque.
Yanni's house is full of trash and smells of mold.
Yanni's house is his sanctuary.
Yanni's house is in Algeria.
Yanni's house is in the middle of nowhere on a farm in rural Algeria.
Yanni's house is in the oldest part of Algiers.
Yanni's house is just a few blocks away.
Yanni's house is just another block or two away.
Yanni's house is massive.
Yanni's house is on an Indian reservation.
Yanni's house is on that road further down.
Yanni's house is remote.
Yanni's house is too messy.
Yanni's house is total crap.
Yanni's house is unlivable.
Yanni's house is very rundown.
Yanni's house looked like it had been abandoned for years.
Yanni's house looks completely different.
Yanni's house needs a lot of work.
Yanni's house offers a wonderful view.
Yanni's house was an absolute pigsty.
Yanni's house was barely visible.
Yanni's house was breathtaking.
Yanni's house was in a U-shape.
Yanni's house was locked up.
Yanni's house was pitch black.
Yanni's house was put up for sale.
Yanni's house was ransacked but nothing was taken.
Yanni's house was supposedly haunted.
Yanni's house was turned into a meth den.
Yanni's house was very dark and uninviting.
Yanni's idea is terrible.
Yanni's injury didn't heal well.
Yanni's instinct of self-preservation trumped his loyalty to Skura and that explained why he threw her under the bus and revealed her involvement in the crime.
Yanni's insurance only covers that.
Yanni's intentions were unknown.
Yanni's interests have always been the Berber language and Algerian history.
Yanni's jaw dropped.
Yanni's jaw needs to be reconstructed.
Yanni's jealousy became worse.
Yanni's job is boring.
Yanni's job is classified.
Yanni's job was very well paid.
Yanni's journey ended in Algiers.
Yanni's journey has ended.
Yanni's journey was short-lived.
Yanni's judgment was poor.
Yanni's jumping ability is admirable.
Yanni's kidneys experienced permanent damage.
Yanni's kids are driving Skura crazy.
Yanni's kids are safe at home.
Yanni's kids are vulnerable.
Yanni's kids attend that school.
Yanni's kids implicated him in the crime.
Yanni's kids were little demons.
Yanni's kids were not allowed to walk on the lawn.
Yanni's kids were playing in a fenced area.
Yanni's kids were playing in the garage.
Yanni's kids were playing on the porch.
Yanni's kids were released.
Yanni's kids were taken away by the child protective services.
Yanni's killer could still be walking the streets.
Yanni's killer was never caught.
Yanni's labrador seemed friendly.
Yanni's last milking goat died yesterday.
Yanni's last name is Ziri.
Yanni's laundry room is in the basement.
Yanni's lawyer questioned the evidence.
Yanni's lawyer wanted to make it look like Skura wanted to kill his daughter.
Yanni's lawyer will take care of that.
Yanni's left arm became limp.
Yanni's left leg needs to be amputated.
Yanni's leg was shaking on the pedal.
Yanni's legs began to tremble.
Yanni's legs were literally shaking in the car.
Yanni's legs were shaking.
Yanni's legs were sore from all the walking he had done that day.
Yanni's legs were stuck in the car.
Yanni's legs were tied.
Yanni's letter sent Rima into a downward spiral of self-hatred.
Yanni's life at home is far from the good Muslim image he projects to the public.
Yanni's life came to a tragic end.
Yanni's life carries on as normal.
Yanni's life could have been very different.
Yanni's life depends on it.
Yanni's life depends on that.
Yanni's life got worse when he married Skura.
Yanni's life had a huge impact on others.
Yanni's life has been a nightmare since Skura came into it.
Yanni's life has changed forever.
Yanni's life is different.
Yanni's life is funded illegally. In fact, Yanni steals cars for a living.
Yanni's life is in Algeria.
Yanni's life is in turmoil.
Yanni's life is over.
Yanni's life is unbearable.
Yanni's life of riches is an illusion.
Yanni's life shattered.
Yanni's life started to get better.
Yanni's life story is inspirational.
Yanni's life support was removed.
Yanni's life was falling apart.
Yanni's life was full of purpose.
Yanni's life was going great.
Yanni's life was in danger.
Yanni's life was in turmoil.
Yanni's life was worth that.
Yanni's life would never be perfect unless Skura is happy.
Yanni's lights are on.
Yanni's liver was damaged.
Yanni's look still gives me chills to this day.
Yanni's loose lips led to his undoing.
Yanni's loose lips were his undoing.
Yanni's loose lips will be his downfall.
Yanni's loud music was just the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.
Yanni's love for Islam drove him to visit the local Islamic center.
Yanni's love for Rima gets better and better every single day.
Yanni's luck is running out.
Yanni's luck ran out.
Yanni's magazines were strewn across the floor.
Yanni's manager got on the line.
Yanni's mare had a super fatal horse disease.
Yanni's marriage ended so promptly.
Yanni's marriage has become unsalvageable.
Yanni's marriage has deteriorated.
Yanni's marriage is over.
Yanni's marriage is unsalvageable.
Yanni's marriage was based on love.
Yanni's marriage was going through tough times.
Yanni's marriage was not happy.
Yanni's marriage was on the rocks.
Yanni's memory of the whole crash is completely gone.
Yanni's memory would never come back.
Yanni's message had a link below.
Yanni's message left Skura shaking.
Yanni's milk tastes goaty.
Yanni's mind was understandably elsewhere.
Yanni's mom came to pick him up.
Yanni's mom collapsed in grief next to him.
Yanni's mom completely rejected him.
Yanni's mom got a heart attack.
Yanni's mom grew up in southern Algeria.
Yanni's mom has a Master's degree in Berber.
Yanni's mom has just called.
Yanni's mom is Jewish and Jewish moms are no fool.
Yanni's mom is from Algeria.
Yanni's mom is gone.
Yanni's mom is gonna kill him.
Yanni's mom is in heaven.
Yanni's mom is no fool.
Yanni's mom is picking him up.
Yanni's mom is working.
Yanni's mom told him he shouldn't speak to strangers.
Yanni's mom was in Algeria.
Yanni's mom was out of town.
Yanni's mom was terrifying when she was mad.
Yanni's mom wasn't always available to babysit.
Yanni's mom would constantly leave her children alone.
Yanni's mom would hate the idea.
Yanni's money went down the drain.
Yanni's motel room smelt of shit.
Yanni's mother became his cash cow.
Yanni's mother came looking for him.
Yanni's mother died early.
Yanni's mother died in Algiers.
Yanni's mother has gone to Algeria for a few days.
Yanni's mother hit him.
Yanni's mother is Muslim.
Yanni's mother is so proud of him.
Yanni's mother made him do that when he was young.
Yanni's mother save his life.
Yanni's mother still makes fig jam the old-fashioned way.
Yanni's mother was Algerian of Kabyle descent.
Yanni's mother was sad when he was arrested.
Yanni's mother was sad when he was convicted.
Yanni's mother was screaming her head off.
Yanni's mother was snooty.
Yanni's mother wore hijab but she never enforced it on her daughters.
Yanni's motivation was fueled even further.
Yanni's motive to kill Skura is one of the oldest in the book.
Yanni's moustache wasn't good.
Yanni's mouth was filled with food.
Yanni's movie has just come out.
Yanni's movies developed a cult following.
Yanni's murder case was officially closed.
Yanni's murder firmly remains a mystery.
Yanni's murder is being investigated.
Yanni's murder is in the news.
Yanni's murderer is still roaming free.
Yanni's murderer still roams free.
Yanni's naked and decaying body was sprawled out on the floor.
Yanni's name became synonymous with the murder of his father.
Yanni's name is complicated and hard to pronounce.
Yanni's name was already popular on the streets of Algiers.
Yanni's neighbor came home.
Yanni's neighborhood is worse than Skura's.
Yanni's neighbors are Amish, so no phone.
Yanni's neighbors are Muslim.
Yanni's nerves were crazy.
Yanni's nervousness faded.
Yanni's new car and his gun are his two babies.
Yanni's new car is his baby.
Yanni's new goat is still not used to getting milked.
Yanni's new house neared completion.
Yanni's new life is about to begin.
Yanni's nickname is "Dido."
Yanni's nose got runny.
Yanni's nose started bleeding again.
Yanni's notoriety massively increased in Algeria.
Yanni's novel is selling very well.
Yanni's number was at the top of the list.
Yanni's office reeked of alcohol.
Yanni's office smells like a distillery.
Yanni's office was quiet.
Yanni's oldest sister was born in Algeria.
Yanni's once pristine residence has become unrecognizable.
Yanni's only pleasure was work.
Yanni's options have run out.
Yanni's painting gave Rima inspiration to write her novel.
Yanni's painting portrays sad characters.
Yanni's painting represents spring.
Yanni's painting shocked the audience.
Yanni's paintings blew people's minds.
Yanni's paintings have no meaning.
Yanni's paintings mostly went unnoticed.
Yanni's paintings sell for millions of dollars at auction.
Yanni's paintings showcase different places of Algiers.
Yanni's paintings were lost or destroyed.
Yanni's pants were covered in blood.
Yanni's parents abandoned him for years.
Yanni's parents are Algerian.
Yanni's parents are Muslim but not super religious.
Yanni's parents are Muslim.
Yanni's parents are going abroad to Algeria for two weeks.
Yanni's parents are going to Algeria for two weeks.
Yanni's parents are so proud of him.
Yanni's parents built a house out of mud.
Yanni's parents called him.
Yanni's parents didn't attend his marriage.
Yanni's parents didn't like Skura.
Yanni's parents died in Algeria.
Yanni's parents don't want to take him back.
Yanni's parents enrolled him into a Quranic school.
Yanni's parents gave him up for adoption.
Yanni's parents go to the mosque occasionally.
Yanni's parents have a point.
Yanni's parents let him go to the mosque.
Yanni's parents live in Algeria as expats.
Yanni's parents live in Algiers, the capital of their country.
Yanni's parents lived in Algiers.
Yanni's parents only spoke Berber to him.
Yanni's parents split up.
Yanni's parents suck.
Yanni's parents took him overseas to Algeria.
Yanni's parents went to bed.
Yanni's parents were Algerian immigrants.
Yanni's parents were Muslim.
Yanni's parents were born and raised in Algeria.
Yanni's parents were heavily Muslim.
Yanni's parents were pleased.
Yanni's parents were pretty upset.
Yanni's parents were very old.
Yanni's parrot eats figs.
Yanni's partner was sick.
Yanni's party was as expensive as a wedding.
Yanni's passing took the wind out of Skura's sail.
Yanni's perception about Islam began to change.
Yanni's performance at school deteriorated.
Yanni's personality changed because he was under such duress.
Yanni's personality is boring.
Yanni's pharmacy opens at 4:00 AM.
Yanni's phone died again.
Yanni's phone died ten minutes after he made the call.
Yanni's phone is brand new.
Yanni's phone is probably in the garbage.
Yanni's phone is still out of service.
Yanni's phone must be in the dumpster.
Yanni's phone must be in the trash.
Yanni's phone started ringing.
Yanni's phone suddenly started ringing.
Yanni's phone was dead.
Yanni's phone was off the hook.
Yanni's phone was ringing.
Yanni's phone wasn't working because he was in Algeria.
Yanni's phone went off.
Yanni's pickup truck was parked next to the barn.
Yanni's picture is pretty beautiful.
Yanni's picture-perfect life was falling apart.
Yanni's pimples were big and infected.
Yanni's pimples were seriously infected.
Yanni's pitbull was surprisingly friendly and didn't bark at all.
Yanni's pizza is terrific.
Yanni's pizza is the best pizza in town.
Yanni's pizza is to die for.
Yanni's place is hardly ever lived in.
Yanni's plan put Skura's life in grave danger.
Yanni's plan was to wait and see.
Yanni's poodle loves literally everyone.
Yanni's preferred major is Berber.
Yanni's presence was definitely unwanted.
Yanni's presentation is literally making less and less sense.
Yanni's press conference was broadcast live on BBC.
Yanni's problem wasn't simply Skura. Yanni had a problem with every woman that he had dated.
Yanni's problems with Rima didn't end when he moved out.
Yanni's productive life spanned four decades.
Yanni's project has failed.
Yanni's property is surrounded by farms.
Yanni's questions were making Skura uncomfortable.
Yanni's r's sound like l's.
Yanni's radio was playing really loud.
Yanni's rap lyrics became more and more bizarre.
Yanni's rear window shattered into a million pieces.
Yanni's recipes are difficult to prepare and assemble.
Yanni's red-flag meter has gone off.
Yanni's refrigerator has been leaking since God knows when.
Yanni's refrigerator is always leaking.
Yanni's relationship with Rima depends on that.
Yanni's relationship with Skura was extremely contentious.
Yanni's relationship with his father was a roller-coaster ride.
Yanni's remarks got on Rima's nerves.
Yanni's remarks made Skura feel really bad.
Yanni's remarks made Skura feel worthless.
Yanni's reply was barely a whisper.
Yanni's report landed on Rima's desk.
Yanni's restaurant was oddly desolate for lunch time.
Yanni's revelations shocked everybody.
Yanni's revelations wrecked everything.
Yanni's revenue increased.
Yanni's rifle is standard issue for deer hunters.
Yanni's rifle was in the back seat.
Yanni's robot will be ready by next Thursday.
Yanni's room has been airing out for fifteen minutes.
Yanni's room is available.
Yanni's room is connected to Skura's by a wall.
Yanni's room is up there.
Yanni's room smells funny.
Yanni's room was completely empty.
Yanni's room was filled with objects.
Yanni's room was filled with unpacked clothing.
Yanni's room was only lit by the TV.
Yanni's room was very dark.
Yanni's sadness became more bearable.
Yanni's sadness deepened into a depression.
Yanni's sadness was unbearable.
Yanni's safe is very heavy.
Yanni's scheme is downright diabolical.
Yanni's scheme to get rid of Skura is downright diabolical.
Yanni's scheme to throw Skura under the bus is downright diabolical.
Yanni's science project was a failure.
Yanni's scientific method was rigorous.
Yanni's screaming made Skura's blood curdle.
Yanni's second book came out in 2004.
Yanni's second marriage is falling apart.
Yanni's secret life is beginning to make Skura anxious.
Yanni's secret life is finally exposed.
Yanni's sense of family started to come through.
Yanni's sentence should be reduced to life imprisonment.
Yanni's sentence was commuted to life in prison with no possibility of parole.
Yanni's sharp corners need to be rubbed off.
Yanni's shift is 4:00 PM to 2:00 AM.
Yanni's shift starts at 4:00 AM.
Yanni's shift was very slow and boring.
Yanni's ship has been in dry dock for four months.
Yanni's shirt was covered in blood.
Yanni's shirt was soaked in blood.
Yanni's shopping bags are disgusting.
Yanni's shoulders feel like rocks.
Yanni's show was filmed in front of a live studio audience.
Yanni's sink faucet is leaking.
Yanni's sister is actually his mother.
Yanni's sister is with Skura.
Yanni's sister lives about an hour away.
Yanni's sister was half-asleep.
Yanni's sister was on her phone.
Yanni's sisters are both older than him.
Yanni's skin condition isn't contagious.
Yanni's skin feels so smooth.
Yanni's skin is paper white.
Yanni's skin was ghostly pale.
Yanni's skin was gray.
Yanni's skin was pale and sickly.
