Tom didn't tell me anything about that.
Tom didn't tell me anything about you.
Tom didn't tell me anything at all.
Tom didn't tell me anything new.
Tom didn't tell me anything.
Tom didn't tell me everything.
Tom didn't tell me he couldn't speak French.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't have time to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't tell me he grew up in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me he intended to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he knew my brother.
Tom didn't tell me he lived in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me he lived in Boston.
Tom didn't tell me he planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom didn't tell me he wanted to be a scientist.
Tom didn't tell me he was a porn star.
Tom didn't tell me he was engaged.
Tom didn't tell me he was leaving.
Tom didn't tell me he was married.
Tom didn't tell me he'd already done that.
Tom didn't tell me he'd done that already.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten divorced.
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten fired.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Australia before.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never been to Boston before.
Tom didn't tell me he'd never done that.
Tom didn't tell me her name.
Tom didn't tell me his last name.
Tom didn't tell me his parents were getting divorced.
Tom didn't tell me his secret.
Tom didn't tell me how beautiful you were.
Tom didn't tell me how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me how much he weighed.
Tom didn't tell me how much the gift for Mary cost.
Tom didn't tell me how to do it.
Tom didn't tell me how to do that.
Tom didn't tell me much about it.
Tom didn't tell me that I had to do that.
Tom didn't tell me that I wasn't supposed to do that.
Tom didn't tell me that he didn't have a driver's license.
Tom didn't tell me that he grew up in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me that he grew up in Boston.
Tom didn't tell me that he intended to do that.
Tom didn't tell me that he lived in Australia.
Tom didn't tell me that he was leaving.
Tom didn't tell me that he was married.
Tom didn't tell me that he was the one who had to do that.
Tom didn't tell me that he'd never been to Australia before.
Tom didn't tell me that the picnic has been canceled.
Tom didn't tell me that what we were doing was illegal.
Tom didn't tell me that you were a doctor.
Tom didn't tell me that you were so beautiful.
Tom didn't tell me that you'd be here.
Tom didn't tell me the reason why he was late.
Tom didn't tell me the truth.
Tom didn't tell me the whole story.
Tom didn't tell me the whole truth.
Tom didn't tell me this was his.
Tom didn't tell me this.
Tom didn't tell me to do that.
Tom didn't tell me what I was supposed to do.
Tom didn't tell me what Mary said.
Tom didn't tell me what happened.
Tom didn't tell me what he wanted.
Tom didn't tell me what the matter was.
Tom didn't tell me what the meeting was going to be about.
Tom didn't tell me what the problem was.
Tom didn't tell me what these are.
Tom didn't tell me what time I should come tomorrow.
Tom didn't tell me what time he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me what time he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me what time to be there.
Tom didn't tell me what to do.
Tom didn't tell me what was happening.
Tom didn't tell me what was wrong.
Tom didn't tell me when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell me when to come.
Tom didn't tell me where Mary was.
Tom didn't tell me where he had gone.
Tom didn't tell me where he lived.
Tom didn't tell me where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell me where he was going.
Tom didn't tell me where he was.
Tom didn't tell me where he went.
Tom didn't tell me where he worked.
Tom didn't tell me where he'd been.
Tom didn't tell me where you were.
Tom didn't tell me whether or not he did that.
Tom didn't tell me who he planned to do that with.
Tom didn't tell me who he was looking for.
Tom didn't tell me who he was waiting for.
Tom didn't tell me who his French teacher was.
Tom didn't tell me who his father was.
Tom didn't tell me who to give this to.
Tom didn't tell me why I had to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why I shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he did that.
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he didn't want to go.
Tom didn't tell me why he had to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he needed my help.
Tom didn't tell me why he needed to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted me to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he wanted to do that.
Tom didn't tell me why he was avoiding Mary.
Tom didn't tell me why he was going to Australia.
Tom didn't tell me why he was going to Boston.
Tom didn't tell me why he was late.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to go to Australia.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to go to Boston.
Tom didn't tell me why he was planning to leave Boston.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so angry.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so busy.
Tom didn't tell me why he was so upset.
Tom didn't tell me why he wasn't on time.
Tom didn't tell me why he'd gone to Australia.
Tom didn't tell me why he'd gone to Boston.
Tom didn't tell me why.
Tom didn't tell me you were beautiful.
Tom didn't tell me you were going to the amusement park with John and Mary.
Tom didn't tell me you were going to the meeting Mary and John are going to.
Tom didn't tell me you were here.
Tom didn't tell me you were so beautiful.
Tom didn't tell me.
Tom didn't tell the man who he was.
Tom didn't tell the police everything.
Tom didn't tell the police his real name.
Tom didn't tell the police that he'd seen Mary that night.
Tom didn't tell the police what he saw.
Tom didn't tell the police what he'd seen.
Tom didn't tell the stranger his name.
Tom didn't tell the stranger who he really was.
Tom didn't tell the truth.
Tom didn't tell the whole truth.
Tom didn't tell us about that.
Tom didn't tell us about the party.
Tom didn't tell us anything that we didn't already know.
Tom didn't tell us anything we didn't already know.
Tom didn't tell us anything.
Tom didn't tell us everything.
Tom didn't tell us he was from Boston.
Tom didn't tell us he'd be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't tell us his last name.
Tom didn't tell us his surname.
Tom didn't tell us how big your house was.
Tom didn't tell us how he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell us how he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell us how it happened.
Tom didn't tell us much about Mary.
Tom didn't tell us much about himself.
Tom didn't tell us that he was from Boston.
Tom didn't tell us that he'd be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't tell us that he'd be in Boston this week.
Tom didn't tell us that.
Tom didn't tell us the truth.
Tom didn't tell us what had happened to him.
Tom didn't tell us what happened next.
Tom didn't tell us what happened that night.
Tom didn't tell us what happened.
Tom didn't tell us what he put in the stew.
Tom didn't tell us what he saw.
Tom didn't tell us what he was doing.
Tom didn't tell us what he was going to do.
Tom didn't tell us what his last name was.
Tom didn't tell us what time he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell us what time he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell us what to do.
Tom didn't tell us what we wanted to know.
Tom didn't tell us what we were supposed to do.
Tom didn't tell us when he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell us when he planned to get there.
Tom didn't tell us when we should be there.
Tom didn't tell us where he lived.
Tom didn't tell us where he planned to do that.
Tom didn't tell us where he'd parked his car.
Tom didn't tell us who he planned to do that with.
Tom didn't tell us who he was getting married to.
Tom didn't tell us who he'd asked to help him.
Tom didn't tell us who taught him how to do that.
Tom didn't tell us why he couldn't come to our party.
Tom didn't tell us why he did it that way.
Tom didn't tell us why he did that.
Tom didn't tell us why he didn't do that.
Tom didn't tell us why he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't tell us why he was late.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so angry.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so busy.
Tom didn't tell us why he was so upset.
Tom didn't tell us why he was unhappy.
Tom didn't tell us why he wasn't able to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't tell us why he wouldn't be here.
Tom didn't tell us why we needed to do that.
Tom didn't tell us why we should come.
Tom didn't tell us why we shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't tell us why.
Tom didn't tell you about what happened to Mary, did he?
Tom didn't tell you any of this, did he?
Tom didn't tell you much, did he?
Tom didn't tell you the truth.
Tom didn't tell you the whole story.
Tom didn't tell you the whole truth.
Tom didn't tell you to do that, did he?
Tom didn't testify during the trial.
Tom didn't testify.
Tom didn't text Mary back.
Tom didn't text Mary.
Tom didn't thank Mary enough for all the work she did.
Tom didn't thank Mary for her help.
Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
Tom didn't thank Mary sufficiently.
Tom didn't thank any of us.
Tom didn't thank us for what we did. What a rude!
Tom didn't that know Mary needed help.
Tom didn't think I could do it.
Tom didn't think I could do that.
Tom didn't think I could win.
Tom didn't think I noticed.
Tom didn't think I was going to be able to do that.
Tom didn't think I'd notice he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think I'd notice that he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think I'd survive.
Tom didn't think John and Mary were married.
Tom didn't think Mary could do it.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that in less than three hours.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that without some help.
Tom didn't think Mary could do that.
Tom didn't think Mary could fix his watch.
Tom didn't think Mary could get home by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary could win.
Tom didn't think Mary did that.
Tom didn't think Mary heard him.
Tom didn't think Mary knew how to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary looked nervous.
Tom didn't think Mary needed a bodyguard.
Tom didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary spoke French.
Tom didn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was afraid.
Tom didn't think Mary was alone.
Tom didn't think Mary was angry.
Tom didn't think Mary was annoyed.
Tom didn't think Mary was at home.
Tom didn't think Mary was awake.
Tom didn't think Mary was beautiful.
Tom didn't think Mary was being careful enough.
Tom didn't think Mary was bored.
Tom didn't think Mary was broke.
Tom didn't think Mary was busy.
Tom didn't think Mary was careless.
Tom didn't think Mary was confused.
Tom didn't think Mary was cooperative.
Tom didn't think Mary was crying anymore.
Tom didn't think Mary was depressed.
Tom didn't think Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't think Mary was discouraged.
Tom didn't think Mary was doing that anymore.
Tom didn't think Mary was drunk.
Tom didn't think Mary was embarrassed.
Tom didn't think Mary was finished doing that yet.
Tom didn't think Mary was finished doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary was frightened.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom didn't think Mary was glad that's going to happen.
Tom didn't think Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was going to come.
Tom didn't think Mary was going to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was here.
Tom didn't think Mary was impressed.
Tom didn't think Mary was in Australia.
Tom didn't think Mary was in Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom didn't think Mary was innocent.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested in learning how to drive.
Tom didn't think Mary was interested.
Tom didn't think Mary was jealous.
Tom didn't think Mary was last.
Tom didn't think Mary was lonely.
Tom didn't think Mary was mad.
Tom didn't think Mary was nervous doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary was nervous.
Tom didn't think Mary was ready to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was ready.
Tom didn't think Mary was retired yet.
Tom didn't think Mary was right.
Tom didn't think Mary was scared.
Tom didn't think Mary was shy.
Tom didn't think Mary was sleepy.
Tom didn't think Mary was so beautiful.
Tom didn't think Mary was surprised.
Tom didn't think Mary was suspicious.
Tom didn't think Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one that did that.
Tom didn't think Mary was the one who did that.
Tom didn't think Mary was through doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary was tired.
Tom didn't think Mary was too slow.
Tom didn't think Mary was ugly.
Tom didn't think Mary was upset.
Tom didn't think Mary was worried.
Tom didn't think Mary wasn't safe.
Tom didn't think Mary would actually carry out her threat.
Tom didn't think Mary would allow him to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would allow it.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to convince John to stop doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that in less than three hours.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that without some help.
Tom didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be afraid.
Tom didn't think Mary would be alone.
Tom didn't think Mary would be amused by the story John was going to tell her.
Tom didn't think Mary would be annoyed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school last Monday, so he was surprised when he saw her.
Tom didn't think Mary would be at school on Monday.
Tom didn't think Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom didn't think Mary would be back so soon.
Tom didn't think Mary would be bored.
Tom didn't think Mary would be busy, so he went to visit her.
Tom didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
Tom didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
Tom didn't think Mary would be cooperative.
Tom didn't think Mary would be crying.
Tom didn't think Mary would be depressed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom didn't think Mary would be discouraged.
Tom didn't think Mary would be disobedient.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that here.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that this afternoon.
Tom didn't think Mary would be doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
Tom didn't think Mary would be early.
Tom didn't think Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't think Mary would be first.
Tom didn't think Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom didn't think Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here so soon.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here today.
Tom didn't think Mary would be here.
Tom didn't think Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be impressed.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in Boston this week.
Tom didn't think Mary would be in her office.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in anything at John's garage sale.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be interested.
Tom didn't think Mary would be jealous.
Tom didn't think Mary would be last.
Tom didn't think Mary would be late.
Tom didn't think Mary would be lonely.
Tom didn't think Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be nervous.
Tom didn't think Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom didn't think Mary would be punctual.
Tom didn't think Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be ready.
Tom didn't think Mary would be reasonable.
Tom didn't think Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be scared.
Tom didn't think Mary would be sleepy.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so angry.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so careless.
Tom didn't think Mary would be so mad.
Tom didn't think Mary would be surprised.
Tom didn't think Mary would be suspicious.
Tom didn't think Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom didn't think Mary would be tired.
Tom didn't think Mary would be upset by that.
Tom didn't think Mary would be worried.
Tom didn't think Mary would call him.
Tom didn't think Mary would catch a fish.
Tom didn't think Mary would come to his party.
Tom didn't think Mary would do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would eat the salad if it had onions in it.
Tom didn't think Mary would eat what he made for her.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy his party, so he didn't invite her.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy his party.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy the concert.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what he had to do.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what needed to be done.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom didn't think Mary would forget to tell John what to do.
Tom didn't think Mary would get the better of him.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Australia by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Australia.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Boston by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Boston.
Tom didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would hurt him.
Tom didn't think Mary would kiss him.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave him.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave without him.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom didn't think Mary would like doing that.
Tom didn't think Mary would like to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would likely cry.
Tom didn't think Mary would likely do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would permit him to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would stay very long.
Tom didn't think Mary would talk to him.
Tom didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
Tom didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom didn't think Mary would win.
Tom didn't think Mary's idea was a very good one.
Tom didn't think Mary's idea was very good.
Tom didn't think Mary's joke was funny at all.
Tom didn't think about Mary.
Tom didn't think about the consequences.
Tom didn't think any potential employers would ever bother to actually check his references, so he just made up fake names and wrote down random phone numbers.
Tom didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom didn't think anybody would do that.
Tom didn't think anybody would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think anybody would want to do that.
Tom didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would do that.
Tom didn't think anyone would enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't think anyone would want to do that.
Tom didn't think anything of it.
Tom didn't think he could do it.
Tom didn't think he could do that.
Tom didn't think he could do what needed to be done.
Tom didn't think he could pass the test without cheating.
Tom didn't think he could trust Mary.
Tom didn't think he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think he had a choice.
Tom didn't think he had enough money in his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom didn't think he had the stomach to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom didn't think he had to do that.
Tom didn't think he needed a bodyguard.
Tom didn't think he needed a new coat.
Tom didn't think he needed protection.
Tom didn't think he needed to do that.
Tom didn't think he should do that.
Tom didn't think he was committing a crime.
Tom didn't think he was going to get caught.
Tom didn't think he was good enough for Mary.
Tom didn't think he was violating any laws.
Tom didn't think he would make it.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to Thai food.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to living in Australia.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to sleeping on the floor.
Tom didn't think he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Tom didn't think he'd find another job.
Tom didn't think he'd survive.
Tom didn't think his boss's plan was a viable one.
Tom didn't think it was a big deal.
Tom didn't think it was a good idea.
Tom didn't think it was a problem.
Tom didn't think it was funny.
Tom didn't think it was likely Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think it was quite fair.
Tom didn't think it was right.
Tom didn't think it was such a big deal.
Tom didn't think it would be a long meeting.
Tom didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Mary a pearl necklace.
Tom didn't think it would be safe for Mary to do that.
Tom didn't think it would happen.
Tom didn't think much of Mary's plan.
Tom didn't think much of it.
Tom didn't think of that.
Tom didn't think our plan was very good.
Tom didn't think so at all.
Tom didn't think so.
Tom didn't think that I'd notice he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think that I'd notice that he wasn't there.
Tom didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary could speak French.
Tom didn't think that Mary could win.
Tom didn't think that Mary heard him.
Tom didn't think that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary knew how to swim.
Tom didn't think that Mary knew what to do.
Tom didn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary was a Canadian.
Tom didn't think that Mary was a teacher.
Tom didn't think that Mary was beautiful.
Tom didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom didn't think that Mary was cute.
Tom didn't think that Mary was glad that's going to happen.
Tom didn't think that Mary was going to come.
Tom didn't think that Mary was going to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary was happy.
Tom didn't think that Mary was having fun.
Tom didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom didn't think that Mary was in Australia.
Tom didn't think that Mary was in Boston.
Tom didn't think that Mary was pretty.
Tom didn't think that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary was so beautiful.
Tom didn't think that Mary was tired.
Tom didn't think that Mary would actually carry out her threat.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be annoyed.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be bored.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be in Australia this week.
Tom didn't think that Mary would be upset by that.
Tom didn't think that Mary would call him.
Tom didn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom didn't think that Mary would get the better of him.
Tom didn't think that Mary would go to Australia by herself.
Tom didn't think that Mary would go to Australia.
Tom didn't think that Mary would kiss him.
Tom didn't think that Mary would stay very long.
Tom didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize him.
Tom didn't think that he could convince Mary to help him.
Tom didn't think that he could do it.
Tom didn't think that he could do that.
Tom didn't think that he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think that he was going to get caught.
Tom didn't think that he would make it.
Tom didn't think that he'd ever get used to living in Australia.
Tom didn't think that he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Tom didn't think that he'd make it out of the burning building alive.
Tom didn't think that his boss's plan was a viable one.
Tom didn't think that it was likely Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think that it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think that it was such a big deal.
Tom didn't think that it would take a long time to complete the project.
Tom didn't think that movie was interesting.
Tom didn't think that our plan was very good.
Tom didn't think that the judge's decision was fair.
Tom didn't think that the story was true.
Tom didn't think that was fair.
Tom didn't think that was going to happen.
Tom didn't think that was good enough.
Tom didn't think that we could do that.
Tom didn't think that we could win.
Tom didn't think that what Mary said was true.
Tom didn't think that what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom didn't think that what Mary was wearing was appropriate.
Tom didn't think that would embarrass Mary.
Tom didn't think that would ever happen.
Tom didn't think that would frighten Mary.
Tom didn't think that would happen.
Tom didn't think that you could do that.
Tom didn't think that you would be able to do that.
Tom didn't think the burning car would explode.
Tom didn't think the pain would ever stop.
Tom didn't think the rain would last so long.
Tom didn't think the story was true.
Tom didn't think too hard about this one.
Tom didn't think too much about that.
Tom didn't think we could do that.
Tom didn't think we did that.
Tom didn't think we would be able to do that.
Tom didn't think we'd agree to do that.
Tom didn't think we'd do that.
Tom didn't think what Mary said was true.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate.
Tom didn't think you could do that.
Tom didn't think you should do that.
Tom didn't think you were going to be able to do that.
Tom didn't think you would do that.
Tom didn't think you would like the idea.
Tom didn't think you'd be able to do that.
Tom didn't think you'd survive.
Tom didn't think you'd understand.
Tom didn't throw the ball to me. He threw it to Mary.
Tom didn't tip the waiter.
Tom didn't tip the waitress as much as he should've.
Tom didn't tip the waitress.
Tom didn't touch Mary.
Tom didn't touch anything.
Tom didn't touch his dinner.
Tom didn't touch his food.
Tom didn't touch his lunch.
Tom didn't touch it.
Tom didn't touch me.
Tom didn't translate it correctly.
Tom didn't translate the contract correctly.
Tom didn't translate the document correctly.
Tom didn't travel last summer.
Tom didn't treat Mary right.
Tom didn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom didn't treat Mary very well.
Tom didn't treat Mary well.
Tom didn't treat them well.
Tom didn't trust Mary and she didn't trust him.
Tom didn't trust Mary as much as she trusted him.
Tom didn't trust Mary at all.
Tom didn't trust Mary one bit.
Tom didn't trust Mary to work alone.
Tom didn't trust Mary.
Tom didn't trust anybody and nobody trusted Tom.
Tom didn't trust anybody and nobody trusted him.
Tom didn't trust anybody.
Tom didn't trust anyone and no one trusted Tom.
Tom didn't trust anyone and no one trusted him.
Tom didn't trust anyone in the room.
Tom didn't trust anyone.
Tom didn't trust me.
Tom didn't trust us.
Tom didn't try hard enough.
Tom didn't try on the helmet.
Tom didn't try the cheesecake.
Tom didn't try the helmet on.
Tom didn't try to argue with Mary.
Tom didn't try to argue.
Tom didn't try to be a hero.
Tom didn't try to contact Mary.
Tom didn't try to defend Mary.
Tom didn't try to deny Mary's accusation.
Tom didn't try to deny that.
Tom didn't try to do anything.
Tom didn't try to do that.
Tom didn't try to escape.
Tom didn't try to find out what was wrong.
Tom didn't try to go any further.
Tom didn't try to help Mary.
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom didn't try to kiss Mary.
Tom didn't try to resist.
Tom didn't try to say anything.
Tom didn't try to stop Mary.
Tom didn't try to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't try very hard to find out what was wrong.
Tom didn't turn any lights on.
Tom didn't turn anybody down.
Tom didn't turn around.
Tom didn't turn back.
Tom didn't turn in his homework on time.
Tom didn't turn off the basement light.
Tom didn't turn off the light.
Tom didn't turn off the lights.
Tom didn't turn the basement light off.
Tom didn't turn the light off.
Tom didn't turn up after all.
Tom didn't turn up at the party last night.
Tom didn't turn up there at all.
Tom didn't turn up.
Tom didn't understand French at that time.
Tom didn't understand French back then.
Tom didn't understand Mary at all.
Tom didn't understand Mary's joke.
Tom didn't understand Mary's jokes.
Tom didn't understand Mary's point of view.
Tom didn't understand Mary's reasoning.
Tom didn't understand Mary.
Tom didn't understand a thing.
Tom didn't understand a word Mary said.
Tom didn't understand a word that Mary said.
Tom didn't understand any of it.
Tom didn't understand anything I said.
Tom didn't understand anything we were saying.
Tom didn't understand anything.
Tom didn't understand at all.
Tom didn't understand at first.
Tom didn't understand everything Mary said.
Tom didn't understand exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't understand it.
Tom didn't understand me.
Tom didn't understand my French.
Tom didn't understand the gravity of the situation.
Tom didn't understand the joke Mary told.
Tom didn't understand the joke.
Tom didn't understand the question.
Tom didn't understand the reason why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom didn't understand what I meant.
Tom didn't understand what Mary just said.
Tom didn't understand what Mary meant.
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.
Tom didn't understand what Mary said.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was saying.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was talking about.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was trying to tell him.
Tom didn't understand what had happened.
Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
Tom didn't understand what was going on.
Tom didn't understand what was happening.
Tom didn't understand why Mary behaved that way.
Tom didn't understand why Mary chose an elephant as her online avatar.
Tom didn't understand why Mary did that.
Tom didn't understand why he was different from other people.
Tom didn't understand why he wasn't allowed to go.
Tom didn't understand why.
Tom didn't understand your joke.
Tom didn't understand, but Mary did.
Tom didn't understand.
Tom didn't use a cake mix. He made it from scratch.
Tom didn't use the flashlight that I lent him.
Tom didn't use the word "impossible."
Tom didn't use to be like that.
Tom didn't use to do that.
Tom didn't use to drink so much.
Tom didn't use to drink.
Tom didn't use to eat so much junk food.
Tom didn't use to like red wine, but now he drinks it almost every day.
Tom didn't utter a single word.
Tom didn't utter a word.
Tom didn't violate his parole.
Tom didn't visit Boston.
Tom didn't visit Mary.
Tom didn't visit anybody.
Tom didn't volunteer to be a guinea pig.
Tom didn't volunteer, but he still ended up getting hypnotized just watching the show.
Tom didn't vote for me.
Tom didn't vote in the last election.
Tom didn't vote on the motion.
Tom didn't vote.
Tom didn't wait another second.
Tom didn't wait around for a decision.
Tom didn't wait for Mary to help him.
Tom didn't wait for Mary to speak.
Tom didn't wait for Mary.
Tom didn't wait for his turn.
Tom didn't wait for us.
Tom didn't wait very long.
Tom didn't wait.
Tom didn't wake me up at 6:30 like I asked him to.
Tom didn't wake me up.
Tom didn't wake up early this morning.
Tom didn't wake up in time to catch the first train.
Tom didn't wake up in time to see the sunrise.
Tom didn't wake up until 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom didn't wake up until late in the afternoon.
Tom didn't walk here today.
Tom didn't walk inside.
Tom didn't walk to school this morning.
Tom didn't walk to the gym.
Tom didn't want John to date his sister.
Tom didn't want Mary at his party.
Tom didn't want Mary doing that by herself.
Tom didn't want Mary doing that.
Tom didn't want Mary driving his car.
Tom didn't want Mary murdered.
Tom didn't want Mary on his team.
Tom didn't want Mary there.
Tom didn't want Mary to babysit his children.
Tom didn't want Mary to be alone.
Tom didn't want Mary to be in trouble.
Tom didn't want Mary to be sad.
Tom didn't want Mary to buy that.
Tom didn't want Mary to call him all the time.
Tom didn't want Mary to call the police.
Tom didn't want Mary to come here.
Tom didn't want Mary to come to his party.
Tom didn't want Mary to come to the party.
Tom didn't want Mary to contact the authorities.
Tom didn't want Mary to cry.
Tom didn't want Mary to die.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that again.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that alone.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that by herself.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that for him.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that with you.
Tom didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to do the same thing he did.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive drunk.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive his car.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive home drunk.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive.
Tom didn't want Mary to eat so much candy.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out about what had happened.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out what he'd done.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out.
Tom didn't want Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom didn't want Mary to get hurt.
Tom didn't want Mary to get in trouble.
Tom didn't want Mary to get into trouble.
Tom didn't want Mary to get involved.
Tom didn't want Mary to go anywhere without him.
Tom didn't want Mary to go hang gliding.
Tom didn't want Mary to go home by herself.
Tom didn't want Mary to go out with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to go out with other guys.
Tom didn't want Mary to go there.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia with him.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia without him.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Australia.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston without him.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to go.
Tom didn't want Mary to hang out with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to hang out with him.
Tom didn't want Mary to hate him.
Tom didn't want Mary to have any fun.
Tom didn't want Mary to help him.
Tom didn't want Mary to hold his hand.
Tom didn't want Mary to kiss him.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he was rich.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he'd been in prison.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't like living in Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he was rich.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he'd been in prison.
Tom didn't want Mary to know the truth.
Tom didn't want Mary to know what had happened.
Tom didn't want Mary to know what he had done.
Tom didn't want Mary to know what he'd done.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he lived.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he was going.
Tom didn't want Mary to know.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave the house.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave the room.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave.
Tom didn't want Mary to move to Australia.
Tom didn't want Mary to move to Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to play with his kid.
Tom didn't want Mary to play with his kids.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice kissing another man.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice with another man.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to see John anymore.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him cry.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him crying.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him doing that.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him in handcuffs.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him smoking.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him.
Tom didn't want Mary to see his painting until it was done.
Tom didn't want Mary to see his passport picture.
Tom didn't want Mary to see his tattoos.
Tom didn't want Mary to sing at his party.
Tom didn't want Mary to sit by him.
Tom didn't want Mary to sit next to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to sit next to him.
Tom didn't want Mary to speak to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to stay any longer.
Tom didn't want Mary to stay.
Tom didn't want Mary to stop kissing him.
Tom didn't want Mary to suffer.
Tom didn't want Mary to swim by herself.
Tom didn't want Mary to take care of him.
Tom didn't want Mary to talk to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to tell John that.
Tom didn't want Mary to tell him how to run his business.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a fool.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a jerk.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a wimp.
Tom didn't want Mary to touch him.
Tom didn't want Mary to wear any jewelry.
Tom didn't want Mary to work with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to work.
Tom didn't want Mary's help.
Tom didn't want Mary's money.
Tom didn't want a banana.
Tom didn't want a dog.
Tom didn't want a party.
Tom didn't want a wife.
Tom didn't want an expensive camera.
Tom didn't want any breakfast.
Tom didn't want any cake.
Tom didn't want any coffee.
Tom didn't want any help doing that.
Tom didn't want any help.
Tom didn't want any more to eat.
Tom didn't want any more trouble.
Tom didn't want any more.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to know he was a drug dealer.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to know that he was a drug dealer.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to see his driver's license.
Tom didn't want any pizza.
Tom didn't want any violence.
Tom didn't want anybody to be sad.
Tom didn't want anybody to be unhappy.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for him.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that.
Tom didn't want anybody to find out about him and Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to get angry.
Tom didn't want anybody to get injured.
Tom didn't want anybody to get mad.
Tom didn't want anybody to help him.
Tom didn't want anybody to know that he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him doing that.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him.
Tom didn't want anybody to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to talk to him.
Tom didn't want anybody to visit him in the hospital.
Tom didn't want anyone else to know.
Tom didn't want anyone looking through his stuff.
Tom didn't want anyone panicking.
Tom didn't want anyone to be sad.
Tom didn't want anyone to be unhappy.
Tom didn't want anyone to disturb him.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for him.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that.
Tom didn't want anyone to get angry.
Tom didn't want anyone to get injured.
Tom didn't want anyone to get mad.
Tom didn't want anyone to hear him.
Tom didn't want anyone to help him.
Tom didn't want anyone to know he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want anyone to know he had been dating Mary.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he couldn't understand French.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he had been dating Mary.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he was deeply in debt.
Tom didn't want anyone to know.
Tom didn't want anyone to see him doing that.
Tom didn't want anyone to see him with Mary.
Tom didn't want anyone to see him.
Tom didn't want anyone to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anyone to visit him in the hospital.
Tom didn't want anything bad to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't want anything bad to happen.
Tom didn't want anything to do with Mary.
Tom didn't want anything to eat.
Tom didn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't want anything.
Tom didn't want breakfast.
Tom didn't want dinner.
Tom didn't want his daughter to play with that boy.
Tom didn't want his friends to see him cry.
Tom didn't want his neighbors to see him without clothes.
Tom didn't want his parents to find out.
Tom didn't want his picture taken.
Tom didn't want his suitcase to be heavy, so he was careful not to pack too much.
Tom didn't want it anymore.
Tom didn't want it to happen that way.
Tom didn't want it.
Tom didn't want just any car. He wanted his grandfather's car.
Tom didn't want justice. He wanted revenge.
Tom didn't want me here.
Tom didn't want me there.
Tom didn't want me to agree to do that.
Tom didn't want me to become a soldier.
Tom didn't want me to come to Australia.
Tom didn't want me to come to Boston.
Tom didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't want me to do that for him.
Tom didn't want me to do that.
Tom didn't want me to go shopping with Mary.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia with him.
Tom didn't want me to go to Australia.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom didn't want me to help him do that.
Tom didn't want me to help him with his homework.
Tom didn't want me to help him.
Tom didn't want me to help.
Tom didn't want me to kiss him.
Tom didn't want me to leave.
Tom didn't want me to phone Mary.
Tom didn't want me to sell my old truck.
Tom didn't want me to sit by him.
Tom didn't want me to sit next to him.
Tom didn't want me to speak French.
Tom didn't want me to stay.
Tom didn't want me to tell you about the party.
Tom didn't want me to tell you this, but he just lost his job.
Tom didn't want me to tell you this, but he's still dating Mary.
Tom didn't want me to touch him.
Tom didn't want me.
Tom didn't want my help.
Tom didn't want one.
Tom didn't want our help.
Tom didn't want people to see him naked.
Tom didn't want people to think he was flirting with Mary.
Tom didn't want people to think that he was flirting with Mary.
Tom didn't want that at all.
Tom didn't want that to happen again.
Tom didn't want that to happen.
Tom didn't want that.
Tom didn't want the job.
Tom didn't want the money he was given.
Tom didn't want the party to end.
Tom didn't want the police to enter his house.
Tom didn't want the present Mary gave him.
Tom didn't want the present.
Tom didn't want the rattlesnake to bite him, so he carefully backed away.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to him.
Tom didn't want the same things Mary wanted.
Tom didn't want the story to end.
Tom didn't want them to be together.
Tom didn't want these.
Tom didn't want things to end like this.
Tom didn't want this to happen.
Tom didn't want this.
Tom didn't want to admit defeat.
Tom didn't want to admit he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't want to admit he didn't know.
Tom didn't want to admit he had a drinking problem.
Tom didn't want to admit he was scared.
Tom didn't want to admit he was the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't want to admit he was the one who had broken the window.
Tom didn't want to admit he wasn't able to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't want to admit his own ignorance.
Tom didn't want to admit that he could've been wrong.
Tom didn't want to admit that he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he couldn't read.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know.
Tom didn't want to admit that he had a drinking problem.
Tom didn't want to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't want to admit that he might've been wrong.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was scared.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was the one who broke the window.
Tom didn't want to admit that he was the one who had broken the window.
Tom didn't want to admit that he wasn't able to do that.
Tom didn't want to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't want to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't want to answer Mary's questions.
Tom didn't want to answer any of Mary's questions.
Tom didn't want to answer my question.
Tom didn't want to answer that question.
Tom didn't want to answer the question.
Tom didn't want to answer those questions.
Tom didn't want to answer.
Tom didn't want to antagonize Mary.
Tom didn't want to apologize to me.
Tom didn't want to apologize.
Tom didn't want to appear weak.
Tom didn't want to argue with Mary, so he let the matter drop.
Tom didn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom didn't want to argue.
Tom didn't want to ask anyone for directions.
Tom didn't want to ask for help.
Tom didn't want to attend the party.
Tom didn't want to attract attention.
Tom didn't want to back down.
Tom didn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom didn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom didn't want to be a designer.
Tom didn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to be a doctor.
Tom didn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom didn't want to be a fireman.
Tom didn't want to be a hero.
Tom didn't want to be a lawyer or a doctor.
Tom didn't want to be a lawyer.
Tom didn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom didn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom didn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom didn't want to be a pilot.
Tom didn't want to be a singer.
Tom didn't want to be a snitch.
Tom didn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom didn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to be a teacher.
Tom didn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom didn't want to be alone on Valentine's Day.
Tom didn't want to be alone.
Tom didn't want to be an artist.
Tom didn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom didn't want to be an engineer.
Tom didn't want to be anywhere near Mary.
Tom didn't want to be around Mary.
Tom didn't want to be at home.
Tom didn't want to be at today's meeting.
Tom didn't want to be bitten by the rattlesnake, so he carefully backed away.
Tom didn't want to be caught.
Tom didn't want to be different.
Tom didn't want to be disrespectful.
Tom didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom didn't want to be eaten by wolves.
Tom didn't want to be embalmed.
Tom didn't want to be famous.
Tom didn't want to be first.
Tom didn't want to be found.
Tom didn't want to be helped at first.
Tom didn't want to be helped.
Tom didn't want to be here on Monday.
Tom didn't want to be here on October 20th.
Tom didn't want to be here today.
Tom didn't want to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to be here.
Tom didn't want to be hugged.
Tom didn't want to be in Australia.
Tom didn't want to be in Boston.
Tom didn't want to be in charge.
Tom didn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom didn't want to be interrupted.
Tom didn't want to be intimate with Mary before marriage.
Tom didn't want to be last.
Tom didn't want to be late.
Tom didn't want to be left alone.
Tom didn't want to be like his father.
Tom didn't want to be like me.
Tom didn't want to be lonely.
Tom didn't want to be noticed.
Tom didn't want to be on Mary's team.
Tom didn't want to be part of it.
Tom didn't want to be punished.
Tom didn't want to be recognized.
Tom didn't want to be rude to Mary.
Tom didn't want to be rude.
Tom didn't want to be seen naked, so he hid in the bushes.
Tom didn't want to be seen naked.
Tom didn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom didn't want to be seen.
Tom didn't want to be sent to Australia.
Tom didn't want to be sent to Boston.
Tom didn't want to be sent to jail.
Tom didn't want to be taken advantage of.
Tom didn't want to be the boss.
Tom didn't want to be the first one to do that.
Tom didn't want to be the first one to get off the bus.
Tom didn't want to be the last one to do that.
Tom didn't want to be the one responsible for doing that.
Tom didn't want to be there alone.
Tom didn't want to be there.
Tom didn't want to be with Mary.
Tom didn't want to be with me.
Tom didn't want to be with us.
Tom didn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to become a doctor.
Tom didn't want to become a fireman.
Tom didn't want to become a lawyer or doctor.
Tom didn't want to become a priest.
Tom didn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to become a teacher.
Tom didn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom didn't want to become an architect like his dad.
Tom didn't want to become an electrician.
Tom didn't want to become famous.
Tom didn't want to become involved.
Tom didn't want to believe me.
Tom didn't want to believe that Mary did that.
Tom didn't want to believe the rumor about Mary and John.
Tom didn't want to blow his cover.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary, so he quietly left the room.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary.
Tom didn't want to break Mary's heart.
Tom didn't want to brush his teeth.
Tom didn't want to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom didn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom didn't want to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom didn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom didn't want to buy a new car.
Tom didn't want to buy any books.
Tom didn't want to buy anything.
Tom didn't want to buy flowers for Mary, but John told him that he should.
Tom didn't want to buy it.
Tom didn't want to buy our old car.
Tom didn't want to call attention to himself.
Tom didn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom didn't want to call the police.
Tom didn't want to calm down.
Tom didn't want to cause a problem.
Tom didn't want to cause any problems.
Tom didn't want to cause trouble.
Tom didn't want to cause us any more trouble.
Tom didn't want to change all that.
Tom didn't want to change that.
Tom didn't want to change the subject.
Tom didn't want to change the topic.
Tom didn't want to change.
Tom didn't want to clean the bathroom.
Tom didn't want to come at all.
Tom didn't want to come back here.
Tom didn't want to come back.
Tom didn't want to come here today.
Tom didn't want to come here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come here, but he came anyway.
Tom didn't want to come home.
Tom didn't want to come in.
Tom didn't want to come sailing with us.
Tom didn't want to come see me.
Tom didn't want to come so early.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia with me.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia with us.
Tom didn't want to come to Australia.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston.
Tom didn't want to come to our party.
Tom didn't want to come with us.
Tom didn't want to come yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come.
Tom didn't want to comment on that.
Tom didn't want to comment.
Tom didn't want to completely give up his hope of marrying Mary.
Tom didn't want to confuse Mary.
Tom didn't want to continue the conversation.
Tom didn't want to continue working for us.
Tom didn't want to contribute.
Tom didn't want to cross the picket line.
Tom didn't want to cross the street.
Tom didn't want to cry.
Tom didn't want to dance any more.
Tom didn't want to dance anymore.
Tom didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom didn't want to dance with me.
Tom didn't want to dance.
Tom didn't want to date anybody.
Tom didn't want to date anyone.
Tom didn't want to deal with Mary.
Tom didn't want to deal with it.
Tom didn't want to deal with what happened.
Tom didn't want to die.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his father.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his friends.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his mother.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his parents.
Tom didn't want to discuss Mary's problems.
Tom didn't want to discuss the details.
Tom didn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary while she was working.
Tom didn't want to do a thing.
Tom didn't want to do anything new.
Tom didn't want to do anything that might hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't want to do anything.
Tom didn't want to do everything himself.
Tom didn't want to do his chores, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to do it alone.
Tom didn't want to do it that way.
Tom didn't want to do it without us.
Tom didn't want to do it, but he had to.
Tom didn't want to do it.
Tom didn't want to do it. In the end, he had to.
Tom didn't want to do something he would regret.
Tom didn't want to do something he'd regret.
Tom didn't want to do that again.
Tom didn't want to do that alone.
Tom didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom didn't want to do that either.
Tom didn't want to do that here.
Tom didn't want to do that on his own.
Tom didn't want to do that right away.
Tom didn't want to do that that way.
Tom didn't want to do that today.
Tom didn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom didn't want to do that with you.
Tom didn't want to do that without you.
Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he did.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he didn't have any choice.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he felt he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he had to.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he said he had to.
Tom didn't want to do that, did he?
Tom didn't want to do that, either.
Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't want to do their dirty work.
Tom didn't want to do this for me.
Tom didn't want to do this.
Tom didn't want to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't want to do what his father told him to do.
Tom didn't want to dress like the other boys.
Tom didn't want to drink anything.
Tom didn't want to drink champagne.
Tom didn't want to drink it and poured it on the ground.
Tom didn't want to drive Mary's car.
Tom didn't want to drive Mary's old car.
Tom didn't want to drive that fast.
Tom didn't want to drive too fast.
Tom didn't want to drive, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't want to drive, so I drove.
Tom didn't want to drive.
Tom didn't want to eat after all.
Tom didn't want to eat and Mary couldn't persuade him to.
Tom didn't want to eat anything.
Tom didn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom didn't want to eat ice cream.
Tom didn't want to eat or drink anything.
Tom didn't want to eat pizza.
Tom didn't want to eat the banana, but he ate it anyway.
Tom didn't want to eat the spaghetti that Mary had made.
Tom didn't want to eat the worms even though they were high in protein.
Tom didn't want to eat with us.
Tom didn't want to eat.
Tom didn't want to elaborate.
Tom didn't want to embarrass Mary.
Tom didn't want to encourage Mary to do anything that might get her in trouble.
Tom didn't want to escape.
Tom didn't want to explain anything.
Tom didn't want to explain it to me.
Tom didn't want to fall foul of his teacher's wrath, so he stayed quiet in lessons.
Tom didn't want to fight John.
Tom didn't want to fight Mary.
Tom didn't want to fight anybody.
Tom didn't want to fight anymore.
Tom didn't want to fight anyone.
Tom didn't want to fight, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to fight.
Tom didn't want to finish what he was doing.
Tom didn't want to fix that.
Tom didn't want to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom didn't want to get a dog.
Tom didn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom didn't want to get arrested.
Tom didn't want to get caught.
Tom didn't want to get drunk.
Tom didn't want to get fired.
Tom didn't want to get here so early.
Tom didn't want to get his clothes wet.
Tom didn't want to get home after dark.
Tom didn't want to get hurt.
Tom didn't want to get in trouble.
Tom didn't want to get into the water.
Tom didn't want to get into trouble.
Tom didn't want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to get involved.
Tom didn't want to get married again.
Tom didn't want to get married, but his parents forced him to.
Tom didn't want to get married.
Tom didn't want to get off the bus.
Tom didn't want to get out of bed.
Tom didn't want to get out of the car.
Tom didn't want to get up so early.
Tom didn't want to get up.
Tom didn't want to give Mary a birthday present.
Tom didn't want to give Mary his phone number.
Tom didn't want to give a birthday present to Mary.
Tom didn't want to give a definite answer until he talked to Mary.
Tom didn't want to give a speech.
Tom didn't want to give it a try.
Tom didn't want to give the wrong impression.
Tom didn't want to give up on the plan.
Tom didn't want to give up.
Tom didn't want to go abroad.
Tom didn't want to go any further.
Tom didn't want to go anywhere.
Tom didn't want to go away.
Tom didn't want to go back Australia.
Tom didn't want to go back Boston.
Tom didn't want to go back home.
Tom didn't want to go back to Australia.
Tom didn't want to go back to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't want to go back to jail.
Tom didn't want to go back to the orphanage.
Tom didn't want to go back to where he was born.
Tom didn't want to go back.
Tom didn't want to go by himself.
Tom didn't want to go either.
Tom didn't want to go for a walk.
Tom didn't want to go home by himself.
Tom didn't want to go home.
Tom didn't want to go hunting.
Tom didn't want to go into details.
Tom didn't want to go into the cave.
Tom didn't want to go into the library.
Tom didn't want to go out because of bad weather.
Tom didn't want to go out for a walk.
Tom didn't want to go out to play.
Tom didn't want to go out.
Tom didn't want to go outside without his hat and gloves on.
Tom didn't want to go outside without his hat and gloves.
Tom didn't want to go outside.
Tom didn't want to go overseas.
Tom didn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go shopping.
Tom didn't want to go swimming with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go swimming.
Tom didn't want to go there after dark.
Tom didn't want to go there again.
Tom didn't want to go there alone.
Tom didn't want to go there by bus.
Tom didn't want to go there by himself.
Tom didn't want to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go there without us.
Tom didn't want to go there.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia again.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia by himself.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia last year.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with me.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia with us.
Tom didn't want to go to Australia.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston by himself.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom didn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom didn't want to go to Mary's funeral.
Tom didn't want to go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't want to go to anywhere with us.
Tom didn't want to go to bed.
Tom didn't want to go to college.
Tom didn't want to go to grad school.
Tom didn't want to go to his room.
Tom didn't want to go to jail.
Tom didn't want to go to school this morning.
Tom didn't want to go to school today.
Tom didn't want to go to school.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach.
Tom didn't want to go to the circus with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go to the dentist's.
Tom didn't want to go to the dentist.
Tom didn't want to go to the doctor.
Tom didn't want to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't want to go to the library.
Tom didn't want to go to the meeting.
Tom didn't want to go to the movie.
Tom didn't want to go to the movies.
Tom didn't want to go to the park.
Tom didn't want to go to the party, but ended up having a ball.
Tom didn't want to go to the party.
Tom didn't want to go to the play.
Tom didn't want to go to the zoo.
Tom didn't want to go to war.
Tom didn't want to go to work today.
Tom didn't want to go with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go with me.
Tom didn't want to go with us.
Tom didn't want to go without us.
Tom didn't want to go, and neither did I.
Tom didn't want to go, and neither did Mary.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary did.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary made him go.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't want to go, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go, but his father made him go.
Tom didn't want to go, either.
Tom didn't want to go.
Tom didn't want to harm Mary.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with Mary.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with me.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with you.
Tom didn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom didn't want to have to answer any questions.
Tom didn't want to hear Mary's litany of woes, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didn't want to hear a thing about it.
Tom didn't want to hear about all of Mary's problems, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didn't want to hear about my problems.
Tom didn't want to hear anything I had to say.
Tom didn't want to hear anything Mary had to say.
Tom didn't want to hear anything that Mary had to say.
Tom didn't want to hear anything.
Tom didn't want to hear it.
Tom didn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't want to help Mary.
Tom didn't want to help and Mary couldn't persuade him to.
Tom didn't want to help me.
Tom didn't want to help out.
Tom didn't want to help us today, but he helped us anyway.
Tom didn't want to help us today.
Tom didn't want to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to help us.
Tom didn't want to help you.
Tom didn't want to help, but he did.
Tom didn't want to help.
Tom didn't want to hinder them.
Tom didn't want to hire Mary.
Tom didn't want to hold Mary's hand, but she asked him to, so he did.
Tom didn't want to hold Mary's hand.
Tom didn't want to hug Mary.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary's friend's feelings.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom didn't want to hurt anybody.
Tom didn't want to hurt anyone.
Tom didn't want to hurt his family.
Tom didn't want to hurt his friend's feelings.
Tom didn't want to hurt his friends' feelings.
Tom didn't want to implicate himself.
Tom didn't want to impose on Mary.
Tom didn't want to incriminate himself.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary.
Tom didn't want to invite Mary to the party.
Tom didn't want to invite Mary.
Tom didn't want to join our club.
Tom didn't want to join the team.
Tom didn't want to jump across the ditch.
Tom didn't want to jump into the cold water.
Tom didn't want to keep Mary waiting.
Tom didn't want to keep it.
Tom didn't want to kill Maria.
Tom didn't want to kill Mary.
Tom didn't want to kill anybody.
Tom didn't want to kill anyone.
Tom didn't want to kiss Mary, but she wanted him to.
Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
Tom didn't want to know about my problems.
Tom didn't want to know the details.
Tom didn't want to know what was going on.
Tom didn't want to know what was going to happen.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary did that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't want to know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom didn't want to learn French.
Tom didn't want to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom didn't want to leave Australia.
Tom didn't want to leave Boston.
Tom didn't want to leave Mary behind.
Tom didn't want to leave Mary.
Tom didn't want to leave at all.
Tom didn't want to leave early.
Tom didn't want to leave empty-handed.
Tom didn't want to leave his children behind.
Tom didn't want to leave his children in Boston.
Tom didn't want to leave his dog with me.
Tom didn't want to leave his house.
Tom didn't want to leave his kids behind.
Tom didn't want to leave his kids in Boston.
Tom didn't want to leave the house.
Tom didn't want to leave, and neither did I.
Tom didn't want to leave, but Mary wanted him to.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he did.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to leave.
Tom didn't want to lend me money.
Tom didn't want to let Mary down.
Tom didn't want to let Mary go.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his house.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his room.
Tom didn't want to let Mary leave.
Tom didn't want to let his parents down.
Tom didn't want to let it go.
Tom didn't want to let the opportunity pass him by.
Tom didn't want to lie.
Tom didn't want to listen to reason.
Tom didn't want to live alone.
Tom didn't want to live any longer.
Tom didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom didn't want to live in Boston.
Tom didn't want to live in the cave anymore, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to live on his own.
Tom didn't want to live on the street.
Tom didn't want to look foolish.
Tom didn't want to look like a tourist.
Tom didn't want to look stupid.
Tom didn't want to look weak.
Tom didn't want to look, but he couldn't help himself.
Tom didn't want to look.
Tom didn't want to lose Mary.
Tom didn't want to lose any more money.
Tom didn't want to lose his children.
Tom didn't want to lose his license.
Tom didn't want to lose his wife.
Tom didn't want to lose.
Tom didn't want to major in French, but his parents said they thought it would be a good idea.
Tom didn't want to make Mary angry.
Tom didn't want to make Mary mad.
Tom didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Tom didn't want to make a fool of himself.
Tom didn't want to make a speech.
Tom didn't want to make any assumptions.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary did.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary had.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as his sister.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake that Mary did.
Tom didn't want to marry Mary.
Tom didn't want to marry a woman who wanted children.
Tom didn't want to marry me.
Tom didn't want to marry the farmer's daughter.
Tom didn't want to meet Mary.
Tom didn't want to meet me.
Tom didn't want to meet you.
Tom didn't want to mess up.
Tom didn't want to miss anything.
Tom didn't want to miss his plane.
Tom didn't want to miss the bus.
Tom didn't want to move back to Australia.
Tom didn't want to move back to Boston.
Tom didn't want to move here.
Tom didn't want to move to Australia.
Tom didn't want to move to Boston.
Tom didn't want to move.
Tom didn't want to name names.
Tom didn't want to offend Mary.
Tom didn't want to offend anybody.
Tom didn't want to offend anyone.
Tom didn't want to open the box.
Tom didn't want to open the window.
Tom didn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom didn't want to park his new car on the road.
Tom didn't want to park his new car on the street.
Tom didn't want to participate.
Tom didn't want to pay in cash.
Tom didn't want to pay that much for eggs, so he didn't buy any.
Tom didn't want to pay that much.
Tom didn't want to pet Mary's dog.
Tom didn't want to pitch.
Tom didn't want to play billiards.
Tom didn't want to play chess with Mary.
Tom didn't want to play chess with me.
Tom didn't want to play dodge ball because he was tired.
Tom didn't want to play golf anymore.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom didn't want to play golf.
Tom didn't want to play outside.
Tom didn't want to play poker.
Tom didn't want to play second fiddle.
Tom didn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom didn't want to play tennis with us yesterday.
Tom didn't want to play with Mary.
Tom didn't want to play.
Tom didn't want to put on weight.
Tom didn't want to queue.
Tom didn't want to quit.
Tom didn't want to read a book.
Tom didn't want to relax.
Tom didn't want to rely on anyone else.
Tom didn't want to retire.
Tom didn't want to return home.
Tom didn't want to return to Australia.
Tom didn't want to return to Boston.
Tom didn't want to reveal more than he had to.
Tom didn't want to risk anything.
Tom didn't want to risk his friendship with Mary by trying to turn it into a romance.
Tom didn't want to risk losing all his money.
Tom didn't want to rock the boat, so he held his peace.
Tom didn't want to ruin the party.
Tom didn't want to ruin their friendship.
Tom didn't want to run.
Tom didn't want to rush things.
Tom didn't want to say a thing.
Tom didn't want to say anything because he was afraid of making a mistake.
Tom didn't want to say anything else.
Tom didn't want to say anything to make Mary angry.
Tom didn't want to say anything.
Tom didn't want to say goodbye.
Tom didn't want to say hello.
Tom didn't want to say no to Mary.
Tom didn't want to say something he might regret.
Tom didn't want to scare Mary.
Tom didn't want to see Mary again.
Tom didn't want to see Mary in prison for a crime she didn't commit.
Tom didn't want to see Mary.
Tom didn't want to see anyone.
Tom didn't want to see either of us.
Tom didn't want to see it.
Tom didn't want to see me.
Tom didn't want to see that.
Tom didn't want to see the results.
Tom didn't want to see us.
Tom didn't want to see you.
Tom didn't want to seem desperate.
Tom didn't want to seem shy.
Tom didn't want to sell any of his paintings.
Tom didn't want to sell his car, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to sell his car.
Tom didn't want to sell his house.
Tom didn't want to sell it.
Tom didn't want to share his lunch with Mary.
Tom didn't want to share his secret.
Tom didn't want to share his toy.
Tom didn't want to share.
Tom didn't want to show off.
Tom didn't want to show up empty-handed.
Tom didn't want to sing anymore.
Tom didn't want to sing in a choir.
Tom didn't want to sing, but Mary made him sing.
Tom didn't want to sing, but they made him sing.
Tom didn't want to sing.
Tom didn't want to sit at the same table as Mary.
Tom didn't want to sit at the same table with them.
Tom didn't want to sit at the same table with us.
Tom didn't want to sit by Mary.
Tom didn't want to sit by himself.
Tom didn't want to sit down.
Tom didn't want to sit here with us.
Tom didn't want to sit near Mary.
Tom didn't want to sit next to Mary on the bus.
Tom didn't want to sit next to Mary.
Tom didn't want to sit next to me.
Tom didn't want to sit with Mary.
Tom didn't want to speak French.
Tom didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom didn't want to speak with Mary.
Tom didn't want to speak with you.
Tom didn't want to speak.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day alone.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day by himself.
Tom didn't want to spend all day at the zoo.
Tom didn't want to spend any more money.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time in Australia.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time than necessary in Australia.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time than necessary in Boston.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time with Mary.
Tom didn't want to spend any time with Mary.
Tom didn't want to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't want to spend his money on unnecessary things.
Tom didn't want to spend that much for a meal.
Tom didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom didn't want to spend time talking about it.
Tom didn't want to spend too much time discussing that.
Tom didn't want to stand in line.
Tom didn't want to stand in the queue.
Tom didn't want to stand out.
Tom didn't want to start a fight.
Tom didn't want to starve.
Tom didn't want to stay at home alone.
Tom didn't want to stay at home by himself.
Tom didn't want to stay here.
Tom didn't want to stay home alone.
Tom didn't want to stay home by himself.
Tom didn't want to stay in Australia any longer.
Tom didn't want to stay in Australia, but his wife did.
Tom didn't want to stay in Australia.
Tom didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom didn't want to stay inside all day.
Tom didn't want to stay with me.
Tom didn't want to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't want to stay.
Tom didn't want to steal the show from Mary.
Tom didn't want to stick around.
Tom didn't want to stop Mary.
Tom didn't want to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom didn't want to stop.
Tom didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom didn't want to study French.
Tom didn't want to study abroad.
Tom didn't want to study in Australia.
Tom didn't want to study in Boston.
Tom didn't want to study medicine.
Tom didn't want to study.
Tom didn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom didn't want to swim by himself.
Tom didn't want to swim.
Tom didn't want to take a break.
Tom didn't want to take a taxi.
Tom didn't want to take any chances.
Tom didn't want to take off his shirt.
Tom didn't want to take over the family business.
Tom didn't want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom didn't want to take such a big risk.
Tom didn't want to talk about Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk about his feelings.
Tom didn't want to talk about his illness.
Tom didn't want to talk about his problems.
Tom didn't want to talk about his wife's death.
Tom didn't want to talk about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to talk about it.
Tom didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
Tom didn't want to talk about that.
Tom didn't want to talk about the matter.
Tom didn't want to talk about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to talk about what happened.
Tom didn't want to talk so loud.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary about work.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary anymore.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.
Tom didn't want to talk to his wife.
Tom didn't want to talk to me.
Tom didn't want to talk to the police.
Tom didn't want to talk to the press about his personal life.
Tom didn't want to talk to you.
Tom didn't want to talk with Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk with you.
Tom didn't want to talk.
Tom didn't want to teach French.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened. She already knew.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary anything about himself.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary he'd lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary his life story.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary how old he was.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that he had lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that he'd lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that her son was dead.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the sad news.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary what was happening.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he couldn't do that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he did that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary why he'd done that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what he had done.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what he'd done.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what was going on.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody anything.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody what his last name was.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody where he'd been.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what he'd done.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what was going on.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone what his last name was.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone where he'd been.
Tom didn't want to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom didn't want to tell me everything.
Tom didn't want to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell me what to do.
Tom didn't want to tell me.
Tom didn't want to tell the truth to Mary.
Tom didn't want to tell us how he and Mary had met.
Tom didn't want to tell you, but I told him he should.
Tom didn't want to tell you, but I told him that he should.
Tom didn't want to testify against Mary.
Tom didn't want to testify, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to testify, but he had to.
Tom didn't want to testify.
Tom didn't want to think about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to think about it.
Tom didn't want to think about that problem anymore.
Tom didn't want to think about the situation.
Tom didn't want to think about what might happen.
Tom didn't want to think about what was going on behind that door.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away because he thought he might need it in the future.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away because he thought that he might need it in the future.
Tom didn't want to throw anything away.
Tom didn't want to throw his old textbooks away.
Tom didn't want to touch it.
Tom didn't want to try anything new.
Tom didn't want to try it.
Tom didn't want to upset Mary.
Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Tom didn't want to wait any longer.
Tom didn't want to wait for Mary.
Tom didn't want to wait for me.
Tom didn't want to wait for us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to wait in line.
Tom didn't want to wait so long.
Tom didn't want to wait that long.
Tom didn't want to wait very long.
Tom didn't want to wait.
Tom didn't want to wake the kids up.
Tom didn't want to wake up the kids.
Tom didn't want to walk the tightrope without a net.
Tom didn't want to walk.
Tom didn't want to wash the pot, so he threw it away.
Tom didn't want to waste any more time calculating how much time had been wasted.
Tom didn't want to waste his time.
Tom didn't want to waste time.
Tom didn't want to watch a movie.
Tom didn't want to watch the movie.
Tom didn't want to watch.
Tom didn't want to wear glasses.
Tom didn't want to wear jeans.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom didn't want to wear the shirt that his mother had gotten him for Christmas.
Tom didn't want to work for Mary.
Tom didn't want to work for us.
Tom didn't want to work here anymore, so he quit.
Tom didn't want to work in Australia.
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.
Tom didn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom didn't want to work in the coal mines, so he moved to the city.
Tom didn't want to work last Monday.
Tom didn't want to work last night, but his boss said he had to.
Tom didn't want to work last night, but his boss said that he had to.
Tom didn't want to work outside.
Tom didn't want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didn't want to work there.
Tom didn't want to work with Mary.
Tom didn't want to work.
Tom didn't want to write about what had happened.
Tom didn't want trouble.
Tom didn't want us at his party.
Tom didn't want us there.
Tom didn't want us to be together.
Tom didn't want us to come to Australia.
Tom didn't want us to come to Boston.
Tom didn't want us to come.
Tom didn't want us to do this.
Tom didn't want us to find out about this.
Tom didn't want us to go to Boston.
Tom didn't want us to leave.
Tom didn't want us to participate in his project.
Tom didn't want us to participate in it.
Tom didn't want us to see him dying.
Tom didn't want what I offered him.
Tom didn't want what Mary gave him, so he gave it to John.
Tom didn't want what Mary gave him.
Tom didn't want what Mary offered him.
Tom didn't want what Mary said she was going to give him.
Tom didn't want what Mary said that she was going to give him.
Tom didn't want you to do that.
Tom didn't want you to sing.
Tom didn't warn Mary.
Tom didn't warn me about what might happen.
Tom didn't warn me that this might happen.
Tom didn't warn us.
Tom didn't wash Mary's car. John did.
Tom didn't wash his car.
Tom didn't wash his hair.
Tom didn't wash his hands.
Tom didn't wash the dishes.
Tom didn't wash the lettuce.
Tom didn't waste a second.
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?
Tom didn't waste any time.
Tom didn't waste his time talking to Mary.
Tom didn't waste much time, did he?
Tom didn't waste much time.
Tom didn't waste time responding.
Tom didn't watch TV yesterday.
Tom didn't watch TV.
Tom didn't watch much television when he was younger.
Tom didn't watch television yesterday.
Tom didn't water the flowers.
Tom didn't wave back.
Tom didn't wear a Halloween costume.
Tom didn't wear a suit today.
Tom didn't wear a suit.
Tom didn't wear a tie to work today.
Tom didn't wear a uniform.
Tom didn't wear jeans yesterday.
Tom didn't wear the tie Mary wanted him to wear.
Tom didn't win a medal.
Tom didn't win anything.
Tom didn't win first prize, but he did win a prize.
Tom didn't win reelection in 2013.
Tom didn't win the 2013 election.
Tom didn't win the contest.
Tom didn't win the lottery.
Tom didn't win the prize.
Tom didn't win the race, ruining his perfect record.
Tom didn't win the race.
Tom didn't win, did he?
Tom didn't win.
Tom didn't win; Mary lost.
Tom didn't wish for me to be here.
Tom didn't wish me Merry Christmas.
Tom didn't wish to be identified.
Tom didn't wish to do that.
Tom didn't wish to go any farther.
Tom didn't wish to go any further.
Tom didn't witness the assault.
Tom didn't work alone.
Tom didn't work as hard as Mary did.
Tom didn't work as hard as Mary.
Tom didn't work last Monday.
Tom didn't work on Monday night.
Tom didn't work on October 20th.
Tom didn't work there.
Tom didn't work yesterday.
Tom didn't worry about it.
Tom didn't worry about that.
Tom didn't write Mary a single letter.
Tom didn't write Mary back.
Tom didn't write any of the songs that he sang last night.
Tom didn't write anything down.
Tom didn't write anything else.
Tom didn't write anything in his notebook.
Tom didn't write anything.
Tom didn't write back to Mary.
Tom didn't write back.
Tom didn't write it.
Tom didn't write me any letters.
Tom didn't write me back.
Tom didn't write so often.
Tom didn't write that.
Tom didn't write this.
Tom didn't write.
Tom didn't yell at Mary.
Tom didn't yell at us.
Tom didn't yell for help.
Tom didn't yet know how to drive at that time.
Tom didn't yet know what he had to do.
Tom didn't yet know what he needed to do.
Tom didn't yet know what he should do.
Tom didn't yet know what he was going to do.
Tom didnt accept Marys apology.
Tom didnt accept Marys invitation.
Tom didnt act quickly enough.
Tom didnt agree to do it.
Tom didnt agree with Mary about the matter.
Tom didnt agree with Mary.
Tom didnt answer Marys question.
Tom didnt answer all the questions.
Tom didnt answer the question.
Tom didnt appear to recognize Mary.
Tom didnt arrive until about 2:30.
Tom didnt arrive until the meeting was over.
Tom didnt ask Mary anything.
Tom didnt ask for Marys help.
Tom didnt ask for our opinions.
Tom didnt attend Marys funeral.
Tom didnt believe Mary at first.
Tom didnt believe Mary.
Tom didnt believe it for a second.
Tom didnt believe what Mary said.
Tom didnt blame Mary for hitting John.
Tom didnt bother to listen to Marys advice.
Tom didnt bring the matter up at the meeting this morning.
Tom didnt buy a new car yesterday, did he?
Tom didnt buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high.
Tom didnt buy anything for Mary.
Tom didnt buy what I asked him to.
Tom didnt clap after Marys performance.
Tom didnt come back until after 2:30.
Tom didnt come home last night. I hope hes OK.
Tom didnt come to school today because he had to go to a funeral.
Tom didnt come to school yesterday.
Tom didnt come to the last meeting.
Tom didnt come, nor did Jane.
Tom didnt consider Marys feelings at all.
Tom didnt cut Mary any slack.
Tom didnt dare to look at Mary.
Tom didnt die in vain.
Tom didnt do a very good job cleaning the kitchen floor. Its still dirty.
Tom didnt do any of the work he was supposed to do.
Tom didnt do any work at all today.
Tom didnt do anything for a while.
Tom didnt do anything illegal.
Tom didnt do anything to help Mary.
Tom didnt do anything wrong.
Tom didnt do anything.
Tom didnt do his homework.
Tom didnt do it on purpose.
Tom didnt do it.
Tom didnt do much work today.
Tom didnt do so well on his test.
Tom didnt do well enough on the drivers test to get a drivers license.
Tom didnt do well on todays test.
Tom didnt eat anything yesterday.
Tom didnt eat dill pickles.
Tom didnt enjoy the concert at all.
Tom didnt enjoy the concert very much.
Tom didnt even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry.
Tom didnt even know Mary had left.
Tom didnt even know how to write his own name.
Tom didnt even know that Mary was a doctor.
Tom didnt even know where to start.
Tom didnt even know who Mary was.
Tom didnt even step out of the house yesterday.
Tom didnt even try to do the right thing.
Tom didnt even try to get his homework done on time.
Tom didnt even try to help.
Tom didnt even try to understand.
Tom didnt exactly say yes.
Tom didnt expect Mary to be so friendly.
Tom didnt expect Mary to finish her homework so quickly.
Tom didnt expect Mary to show up on time.
Tom didnt expect any help from Mary.
Tom didnt expect anything from Mary.
Tom didnt expect such a nice present from Mary.
Tom didnt expect such a warm welcome.
Tom didnt expect that Mary would be able to play the harp so well.
Tom didnt expect that Mary would outsmart him.
Tom didnt expect the meeting to last so long.
Tom didnt expect to be appointed chairman.
Tom didnt expect to fall in love with Mary.
Tom didnt expect to get a raise.
Tom didnt expect to hear Marys voice.
Tom didnt expect to see Mary here.
Tom didnt expect to sell his old car for so much money.
Tom didnt expect to win the race.
Tom didnt feel anything.
Tom didnt feel comfortable driving Marys new car.
Tom didnt feel like eating lunch.
Tom didnt feel like eating.
Tom didnt feel like playing golf.
Tom didnt feel like sitting for two hours in a movie theater.
Tom didnt feel like studying at all.
Tom didnt feel like talking.
Tom didnt feel like waiting.
Tom didnt feel that he was ready.
Tom didnt feel up to going out.
Tom didnt feel very confident.
Tom didnt feel well, but he went to work anyway.
Tom didnt find anyone who met the requirements.
Tom didnt follow Marys advice.
Tom didnt get a chance to even try.
Tom didnt get a chance to thank Mary for all her help.
Tom didnt get a chance to visit the art museum.
Tom didnt get along with Mary too well.
Tom didnt get angry with Mary.
Tom didnt get anything done today.
Tom didnt get his drivers license until he was twenty-four.
Tom didnt get home until after midnight.
Tom didnt get it.
Tom didnt get much sleep last night.
Tom didnt get to eat any ice cream at the party.
Tom didnt get to school in time.
Tom didnt get up before six.
Tom didnt get up early enough to catch the first train.
Tom didnt get what he bargained for.
Tom didnt give Mary his real telephone number.
Tom didnt give me a chance to talk to him.
Tom didnt give up hope.
Tom didnt give up on the plan.
Tom didnt give up.
Tom didnt go and I didnt either.
Tom didnt go out last weekend.
Tom didnt go there.
Tom didnt go to school yesterday because he didnt want to.
Tom didnt go to school.
Tom didnt go, and neither did Mary.
Tom didnt have Marys address with him.
Tom didnt have a good time at the party.
Tom didnt have any children.
Tom didnt have any hard evidence, but he thought Mary was the one who stole his mothers diamond ring.
Tom didnt have any idea what Mary meant.
Tom didnt have any idea what he should do.
Tom didnt have any of the details.
Tom didnt have any reason not to believe Mary.
Tom didnt have any reason why he couldnt go.
Tom didnt have anything to say on that subject.
Tom didnt have anything to say to Mary.
Tom didnt have anything to say.
Tom didnt have anything to worry about.
Tom didnt have dinner last night.
Tom didnt have enough change to buy a drink from the vending machine.
Tom didnt have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem.
Tom didnt have enough experience to do the job well.
Tom didnt have enough experience to know what to do.
Tom didnt have enough money.
Tom didnt have enough space to do what he wanted to do.
Tom didnt have enough time to do anything else.
Tom didnt have lunch.
Tom didnt have much food to eat.
Tom didnt have much money.
Tom didnt have much time for studying.
Tom didnt have much time so he just quickly scanned the report.
Tom didnt have much water to drink.
Tom didnt have on his shoes.
Tom didnt have the courage to admit his mistake.
Tom didnt have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didnt have the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom didnt have the courage to ask his boss for a raise.
Tom didnt have the courage to come right out and say what he believed.
Tom didnt have the courage to commit suicide.
Tom didnt have the courage to disobey Mary.
Tom didnt have the courage to go there alone.
Tom didnt have the courage to go there by himself.
Tom didnt have the courage to pull the trigger.
Tom didnt have the courage to refuse to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom didnt have the courage to say no.
Tom didnt have the courage to speak to Mary.
Tom didnt have the courage to tell Mary that he had made a mistake.
Tom didnt have the courage to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didnt have the courage to try sky diving.
Tom didnt have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
Tom didnt have the faintest idea what he was going to do the next day.
Tom didnt have the guts to shoot Mary.
Tom didnt have the heart to refuse Marys request.
Tom didnt have the heart to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didnt have the heart to tell Mary what had happened to her dog.
Tom didnt have the nerve to not show up.
Tom didnt have the nerve to show up.
Tom didnt have the right equipment to do the job.
Tom didnt have the sense to come in out of the rain.
Tom didnt have the slightest idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom didnt have time for breakfast.
Tom didnt have time to do the job properly.
Tom didnt have time to eat lunch.
Tom didnt have time to explain everything to Mary.
Tom didnt have time to finish his report.
Tom didnt have time to go jogging every morning.
Tom didnt have time to relax.
Tom didnt have time to think.
Tom didnt have time to watch TV yesterday.
Tom didnt have time to watch the TV program he wanted to watch.
Tom didnt have to be so rude.
Tom didnt have to come so early.
Tom didnt have to do that.
Tom didnt have to eat that if he didnt want to.
Tom didnt have to get up so early.
Tom didnt have to rub it in.
Tom didnt have to say it so rudely.
Tom didnt have to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didnt have to wear a suit and tie, but he did.
Tom didnt have to yell at me.
Tom didnt hear Mary enter the room.
Tom didnt help Mary.
Tom didnt hesitate at all.
Tom didnt hesitate to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didnt intend to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didnt intend to hurt Marys feelings.
Tom didnt intend to let Mary kiss him.
Tom didnt intend to pay that much.
Tom didnt intend to spend so much time painting the fence.
Tom didnt keep his promise to help Mary.
Tom didnt keep his promise.
Tom didnt know Mary cared.
Tom didnt know Mary could sing so well.
Tom didnt know Mary had a brother.
Tom didnt know Mary had decided to leave him.
Tom didnt know Mary spoke French so fluently.
Tom didnt know Mary was married.
Tom didnt know Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom didnt know Mary was so funny.
Tom didnt know Mary was such a good cook.
Tom didnt know Mary would be there.
Tom didnt know any of the details of Marys plan.
Tom didnt know anything about what was happening.
Tom didnt know anything.
Tom didnt know apple trees grow from seeds.
Tom didnt know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didnt know exactly what was expected of him.
Tom didnt know for certain how much the new computer would cost.
Tom didnt know for certain what time he should arrive.
Tom didnt know for certain when Mary was going to arrive.
Tom didnt know for certain where he should go.
Tom didnt know for certain which road to take.
Tom didnt know he was going to die before he was thirty.
Tom didnt know how many cups of sugar to add.
Tom didnt know how much he had drunk.
Tom didnt know how much he had spent.
Tom didnt know how to accept Marys love and affection.
Tom didnt know how to answer Mary.
Tom didnt know how to answer Marys question.
Tom didnt know how to answer the question.
Tom didnt know how to ask the right question.
Tom didnt know how to express himself well.
Tom didnt know how to express his thanks in French.
Tom didnt know how to react.
Tom didnt know how to read music.
Tom didnt know how to reply.
Tom didnt know how to respond to Mary.
Tom didnt know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
Tom didnt know how to thank Mary.
Tom didnt know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
Tom didnt know how unhappy Mary was.
Tom didnt know it was already after 2:30.
Tom didnt know that Mary could speak French.
Tom didnt know that Mary had already bought bread.
Tom didnt know that Mary had children.
Tom didnt know that Mary had decided to quit her job.
Tom didnt know that Mary liked to cook.
Tom didnt know that Mary understood French.
Tom didnt know that Mary was a high school student.
Tom didnt know that Mary was in town.
Tom didnt know that Mary was interested in classical music.
Tom didnt know that Marys house was so close to Johns.
Tom didnt know that he had a secret admirer.
Tom didnt know that he shouldnt believe everything Mary said.
Tom didnt know that song.
Tom didnt know that the bridge was closed.
Tom didnt know that woman at all.
Tom didnt know that.
Tom didnt know the deadline was today.
Tom didnt know the gun was loaded.
Tom didnt know the reason why Mary couldnt go bowling.
Tom didnt know the reason why Mary didnt like him.
Tom didnt know the reason why Mary wanted a new dress.
Tom didnt know the reason why Mary was crying.
Tom didnt know the reason why Mary wouldnt accept his invitation.
Tom didnt know what Mary meant.
Tom didnt know what Mary would like.
Tom didnt know what else to do.
Tom didnt know what else to say.
Tom didnt know what he was doing.
Tom didnt know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didnt know what to do first.
Tom didnt know what to do next.
Tom didnt know what to do with the leftover food.
Tom didnt know what to do.
Tom didnt know what to say to Mary.
Tom didnt know what to say.
Tom didnt know what was going on.
Tom didnt know what was happening.
Tom didnt know when Mary had come to Boston.
Tom didnt know when Mary met John.
Tom didnt know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom didnt know where Mary came from.
Tom didnt know where Mary spent her summer vacation.
Tom didnt know where to catch the bus.
Tom didnt know where to go to buy a ticket for Marys concert.
Tom didnt know whether Mary was safe or not.
Tom didnt know whether he should stay a bit longer or leave right away.
Tom didnt know whether to accept Marys love or refuse it.
Tom didnt know whether to laugh or cry.
Tom didnt know which bus to take.
Tom didnt know who Mary was at first.
Tom didnt know who to believe.
Tom didnt know why his car wouldnt start.
Tom didnt leave a suicide note, so the police suspect murder.
Tom didnt let Mary go out in the rain.
Tom didnt let Mary play outside.
Tom didnt let on that he knew about the surprise party.
Tom didnt lift a finger to help.
Tom didnt like Mary and she didnt like him.
Tom didnt like Mary at that time.
Tom didnt like Mary.
Tom didnt like Marys advice.
Tom didnt like Marys husband.
Tom didnt like beer at that time.
Tom didnt like children then and he still doesnt.
Tom didnt like living in Boston.
Tom didnt like living in the city.
Tom didnt like living in the country.
Tom didnt like not having enough money.
Tom didnt like that movie at all.
Tom didnt like the concert very much.
Tom didnt like the idea of Mary going out with John.
Tom didnt like the way Mary spoke to him.
Tom didnt listen to what I said.
Tom didnt live in Boston last year.
Tom didnt live up to Marys expectations.
Tom didnt live up to his end of the bargain.
Tom didnt look happy at all.
Tom didnt look happy to see me.
Tom didnt love Mary as much as she loved him.
Tom didnt make himself clear.
Tom didnt make his position clear.
Tom didnt make the deadline.
Tom didnt marry Mary.
Tom didnt mean any harm.
Tom didnt mean for this to happen.
Tom didnt mean it.
Tom didnt mean that.
Tom didnt mean to be so late.
Tom didnt mean to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didnt mean to disappoint Mary.
Tom didnt mean to do that.
Tom didnt mean to hurt Mary.
Tom didnt mean to hurt Marys feelings.
Tom didnt mean to hurt anybody.
Tom didnt mean to kill Mary.
Tom didnt mean to make Mary angry.
Tom didnt mean to offend Mary.
Tom didnt mean to offend anyone.
Tom didnt mean to say what he said.
Tom didnt mean to step on Marys foot.
Tom didnt mean to step on Marys toes.
Tom didnt mean to tell Mary the secret, but he did.
Tom didnt meet Mary or anyone else.
Tom didnt mention his reason for being late.
Tom didnt mention it to me.
Tom didnt mention seeing Mary.
Tom didnt mention the accident to me.
Tom didnt mention why he was late.
Tom didnt mind doing the dishes.
Tom didnt mind helping Mary do the dishes.
Tom didnt miss his umbrella till he got home.
Tom didnt miss his watch until he got home.
Tom didnt need any help.
Tom didnt need to buy so much food.
Tom didnt need to come at all.
Tom didnt need to come so early.
Tom didnt need to finish that work by today.
Tom didnt need to hurry. He had plenty of time.
Tom didnt need to look at the menu because hed been to that restaurant many times before.
Tom didnt need to paint the fence. They tore it down a week after he painted it.
Tom didnt need to take a taxi. He could have walked.
Tom didnt need to tell Mary. She already knew.
Tom didnt notice Mary go out.
Tom didnt notice how Mary was dressed.
Tom didnt notice the bullet holes in the wall.
Tom didnt notice the mud on his shoes.
Tom didnt notice what Mary was wearing.
Tom didnt offer me anything to eat.
Tom didnt offer to give me my money back.
Tom didnt participate in the discussion.
Tom didnt pay any attention to the warning.
Tom didnt plan to go anywhere.
Tom didnt play badminton yesterday.
Tom didnt quite know what Mary meant.
Tom didnt read the book his teacher had told him to read.
Tom didnt read the newspaper yesterday.
Tom didnt realize Mary was so rich.
Tom didnt really enjoy studying French.
Tom didnt really expect Mary to answer his question.
Tom didnt really feel like eating Korean food.
Tom didnt really feel like going out.
Tom didnt really feel like swimming.
Tom didnt really like his job.
Tom didnt really want to go out with Mary.
Tom didnt receive any money for his work.
Tom didnt recognize Mary at first.
Tom didnt recognize Mary.
Tom didnt remember asking Mary for help.
Tom didnt remember to send Mary a birthday card.
Tom didnt reply to Marys email message.
Tom didnt respond to requests for comment.
Tom didnt run fast enough to catch the bus.
Tom didnt say a word.
Tom didnt say anything at all.
Tom didnt say anything.
Tom didnt say how he was planning to get there.
Tom didnt say how many times he had been there.
Tom didnt say how much money he had spent.
Tom didnt say much.
Tom didnt say that.
Tom didnt say when he was planning to leave.
Tom didnt say where he had been.
Tom didnt say where he was going.
Tom didnt say where he was planning to go.
Tom didnt say whether he was planning to go or not.
Tom didnt say who he was planning to go with.
Tom didnt see Mary anywhere.
Tom didnt see Mary.
Tom didnt see any familiar faces at the party.
Tom didnt see anything.
Tom didnt see the stop sign.
Tom didnt seem inclined to elaborate and I didnt really want to know all the details anyway.
Tom didnt seem interested in what Mary was saying.
Tom didnt seem terribly interested in learning French.
Tom didnt seem to notice any problems.
Tom didnt shoot anybody.
Tom didnt show up for work today.
Tom didnt show up until the meeting was over.
Tom didnt sleep a wink last night.
Tom didnt sleep at all last night.
Tom didnt sleep very well last night.
Tom didnt sleep well last night.
Tom didnt so much as say goodbye.
Tom didnt speak to Mary at all last night.
Tom didnt specify how many pencils to buy.
Tom didnt specify what he wanted.
Tom didnt start to play the trombone until he was twenty.
Tom didnt start to study French until he was thirty.
Tom didnt stop smoking, so Mary left the room.
Tom didnt study at all last weekend.
Tom didnt swim because it was too cold.
Tom didnt take Mary too seriously.
Tom didnt take Marys age into consideration.
Tom didnt take many pictures on his trip.
Tom didnt take part in our conversation.
Tom didnt take part in the marathon.
Tom didnt take the map with him, so after several hours of going in circles we ended up in the middle of nowhere.
Tom didnt tell Mary about the accident.
Tom didnt tell Mary anything at all about his plan.
Tom didnt tell Mary anything.
Tom didnt tell Mary everything.
Tom didnt tell Mary his secret.
Tom didnt tell Mary how much money hed spent.
Tom didnt tell Mary the truth.
Tom didnt tell Mary the whole story.
Tom didnt tell Mary the whole truth.
Tom didnt tell anybody about what happened until he was thirty.
Tom didnt tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
Tom didnt tell me anything at all.
Tom didnt thank Mary enough for all the work she did.
Tom didnt thank Mary sufficiently.
Tom didnt think Mary could fix his watch.
Tom didnt think Mary would enjoy the concert.
Tom didnt think Marys joke was funny at all.
Tom didnt think he could pass the test without cheating.
Tom didnt think he could trust Mary.
Tom didnt think he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didnt think he had enough money in his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom didnt think he had the stomach to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom didnt think he needed a bodyguard.
Tom didnt think he was committing a crime.
Tom didnt think he was violating any laws.
Tom didnt think hed ever have a chance to live in another country.
Tom didnt think it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didnt think of that.
Tom didnt think that Mary would get the better of him.
Tom didnt think that anyone would recognize him.
Tom didnt think that movie was interesting.
Tom didnt think that would ever happen.
Tom didnt think the rain would last so long.
Tom didnt think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom didnt think you would like the idea.
Tom didnt touch his lunch.
Tom didnt trust Mary and she didnt trust him.
Tom didnt trust Mary as much as she trusted him.
Tom didnt turn off the lights.
Tom didnt understand Mary at all.
Tom didnt understand a word Mary said.
Tom didnt understand exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didnt understand the joke Mary told.
Tom didnt understand the question.
Tom didnt understand what Mary just said.
Tom didnt understand what Mary really meant.
Tom didnt understand what the teacher said.
Tom didnt use to drink so much.
Tom didnt use to like red wine, but now he drinks it almost every day.
Tom didnt used to drink so much.
Tom didnt utter a single word.
Tom didnt volunteer to be a guinea pig.
Tom didnt want Mary to call him all the time.
Tom didnt want Mary to come here.
Tom didnt want Mary to die.
Tom didnt want Mary to drive his car.
Tom didnt want Mary to go out with other guys.
Tom didnt want Mary to know he was rich.
Tom didnt want Mary to know.
Tom didnt want Mary to leave.
Tom didnt want Mary to play with his kid.
Tom didnt want Mary to think he was a fool.
Tom didnt want Mary to think he was a wimp.
Tom didnt want Mary to work.
Tom didnt want an expensive camera.
Tom didnt want any of his friends to know that he was a drug dealer.
Tom didnt want anyone to know that he was deeply in debt.
Tom didnt want this to happen.
Tom didnt want to answer the question.
Tom didnt want to argue with Mary.
Tom didnt want to attract attention.
Tom didnt want to bother Mary while she was studying.
Tom didnt want to break Marys heart.
Tom didnt want to disappoint Mary.
Tom didnt want to disturb Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Tom didnt want to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didnt want to eat the worms even though they were high in protein.
Tom didnt want to embarrass Mary.
Tom didnt want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Tom didnt want to get involved.
Tom didnt want to get up so early.
Tom didnt want to give up on the plan.
Tom didnt want to go back to where he was born.
Tom didnt want to go, but his father made him go.
Tom didnt want to hear about all of Marys problems, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didnt want to impose on Mary.
Tom didnt want to know about my problems.
Tom didnt want to let Mary into his house.
Tom didnt want to live in the cave anymore, but he had no choice.
Tom didnt want to make a fool of himself.
Tom didnt want to make any assumptions.
Tom didnt want to marry Mary.
Tom didnt want to marry a woman who wanted children.
Tom didnt want to see Mary in prison for a crime she didnt commit.
Tom didnt want to speak to anyone.
Tom didnt want to spend any more time than necessary in Boston.
Tom didnt want to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didnt want to spend too much time discussing that.
Tom didnt want to take any chances.
Tom didnt want to talk about it.
Tom didnt want to talk about that over the phone.
Tom didnt want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didnt want to tell Mary his life story.
Tom didnt want to tell Mary that he had lost all her money.
Tom didnt want to tell Mary that her son was dead.
Tom didnt want to tell Mary the sad news.
Tom didnt want to walk the tightrope without a net.
Tom didnt want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didnt want to work with Mary.
Tom didnt watch much television when he was younger.
Tom didnt wear a tie to work today.
Tom didnt work as hard as Mary did.
Tom didnt work last Monday.
Tom died Monday after a long illness.
Tom died Monday afternoon.
Tom died Monday at his home in Boston.
Tom died Monday at the age of 30.
Tom died Monday in Boston.
Tom died Monday in his home in Boston.
Tom died Monday morning.
Tom died Monday.
Tom died October 20, 2013.
Tom died October 20th.
Tom died a beggar.
Tom died a couple of years ago.
Tom died a day later.
Tom died a few days after the accident.
Tom died a few days ago.
Tom died a few days later.
Tom died a few hours later.
Tom died a few months later.
Tom died a few weeks ago.
Tom died a few weeks later.
Tom died a few years ago.
Tom died a few years later.
Tom died a half year later.
Tom died a happy man.
Tom died a hero.
Tom died a heroic death.
Tom died a little after 2:30 yesterday afternoon.
Tom died a little more than a year ago.
Tom died a long time ago.
Tom died a miserable death.
Tom died a natural death.
Tom died a number of years ago.
Tom died a pauper.
Tom died a quick death.
Tom died a short time later.
Tom died a violent death.
Tom died a week later.
Tom died a year ago today.
Tom died a year ago.
Tom died a year and a half ago.
Tom died a year before Mary did.
Tom died a year before Mary was born.
Tom died a year before his wife did.
Tom died a year before his wife.
Tom died a year later.
Tom died about a year ago.
Tom died about three years ago.
Tom died after a brief illness.
Tom died after a long illness.
Tom died after an asthma attack.
Tom died after his car hit a tree.
Tom died after stepping on a scorpion in the desert.
Tom died aged 30.
Tom died all alone.
Tom died almost a year later.
Tom died almost immediately.
Tom died almost instantaneously.
Tom died almost instantly.
Tom died almost three years ago.
Tom died almost twenty years before I was born.
Tom died alone in a small cabin in the woods.
Tom died alone in the desert.
Tom died alone in the woods.
Tom died alone on the island.
Tom died alone with a shredded copy of "Gluten-Free Living" magazine and a bag of flaxseed by his side. Tom was Mary's hamster.
Tom died alone.
Tom died an extremely wealthy man.
Tom died an hour ago.
Tom died and left his son a fortune.
Tom died around midnight.
Tom died as a result of his injuries.
Tom died at 2:30.
Tom died at 65.
Tom died at a nearby hospital.
Tom died at a relatively young age.
Tom died at a very old age.
Tom died at an early age.
Tom died at dawn.
Tom died at his home in Australia.
Tom died at his home in Boston.
Tom died at his home on Monday.
Tom died at his home on October 20th.
Tom died at home.
Tom died at the age of 30 in Boston.
Tom died at the age of 30.
Tom died at the age of 97.
Tom died at the age of ninety-nine.
Tom died at the age of thirty.
Tom died at the hospital.
Tom died at the scene of the accident.
Tom died at the scene of the accident. Mary and her father were seriously injured and are in the hospital.
Tom died at the scene of the crash.
Tom died because he had eaten some contaminated beef.
Tom died because of his injuries.
Tom died because of me.
Tom died before Mary was born.
Tom died before he finished building his house.
Tom died before he had a chance to do that.
Tom died before he hit the ground.
Tom died before his son was born.
Tom died before his third son was born.
Tom died before his time.
Tom died before seeing his plan come to fruition.
Tom died before the ambulance arrived.
Tom died before the ambulance could get there.
Tom died before the ambulance got here.
Tom died before the ambulance got there.
Tom died before the rescuers arrived.
Tom died by the roadside.
Tom died childless.
Tom died climbing Mount Everest.
Tom died despite Mary's help.
Tom died doing that.
Tom died doing what he loved.
Tom died during his stay in Australia.
Tom died during his stay in Boston.
Tom died during surgery.
Tom died during the battle.
Tom died during the sweltering heat of August in Atlantic City.
Tom died during the war.
Tom died earlier this year.
Tom died earlier today.
Tom died early Monday morning.
Tom died early Monday.
Tom died early this morning.
Tom died en route to the hospital.
Tom died exactly a month before Mary's birthday.
Tom died fighting for his country.
Tom died fighting for what he believed in.
Tom died fighting the alien infestation.
Tom died fighting with a kangaroo in Australia.
Tom died fighting.
Tom died for his country.
Tom died for your sins.
Tom died from TB.
Tom died from a brain hemorrhage.
Tom died from a bullet wound.
Tom died from a drug overdose in 2013.
Tom died from a drug overdose.
Tom died from a gunshot to the head.
Tom died from a gunshot wound.
Tom died from a scorpion sting.
Tom died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.
Tom died from a sudden cerebral stroke.
Tom died from an overdose of sleeping pills.
Tom died from asphyxiation.
Tom died from burns in 2013.
Tom died from cancer in 2013.
Tom died from cholera.
Tom died from dehydration.
Tom died from electrocution.
Tom died from emphysema.
Tom died from exhaustion.
Tom died from food poisoning.
Tom died from heart disease.
Tom died from his injuries.
Tom died from his wounds three days later.
Tom died from his wounds.
Tom died from hypothermia.
Tom died from lack of oxygen.
Tom died from leukemia in 2013.
Tom died from pneumonia.
Tom died from self-inflicted injuries.
Tom died from smoke inhalation.
Tom died from starvation.
Tom died from tuberculosis.
Tom died half a year later.
Tom died happy.
Tom died here.
Tom died honorably.
Tom died immediately.
Tom died in 2003.
Tom died in 2009.
Tom died in 2013 after a long illness.
Tom died in 2013 at the age of 30.
Tom died in 2013 at the age of thirty.
Tom died in 2013 from heart disease.
Tom died in 2013 from tuberculosis.
Tom died in 2013 in Australia.
Tom died in 2013 in Boston.
Tom died in 2013 in a car accident.
Tom died in 2013 of a heart attack.
Tom died in 2013 of cancer.
Tom died in 2013 of liver failure.
Tom died in 2013 of lung cancer.
Tom died in 2013 of natural causes.
Tom died in 2013 of pneumonia.
Tom died in 2013, apparently.
Tom died in 2013.
Tom died in 2019.
Tom died in Australia at the age of thirty.
Tom died in Australia in 2013 at the age of thirty.
Tom died in Australia in 2013 when he was thirty years old.
Tom died in Australia in 2013 when he was thirty.
Tom died in Australia in 2013.
Tom died in Australia last winter.
Tom died in Australia last year.
Tom died in Australia of a heart attack.
Tom died in Australia on October 20, 2013.
Tom died in Australia three years ago.
Tom died in Australia three years later.
Tom died in Australia when he was thirty years old.
Tom died in Australia when he was thirty.
Tom died in Australia.
Tom died in Boston at the age of 30.
Tom died in Boston in 2013 when he was 30 years old.
Tom died in Boston in 2013.
Tom died in Boston last summer.
Tom died in Boston last year.
Tom died in Boston of a heart attack.
Tom died in Boston of kidney failure.
Tom died in Boston of lung cancer.
Tom died in Boston on October 20, 2013.
Tom died in Boston three years ago.
Tom died in Boston three years later.
Tom died in Boston.
Tom died in December.
Tom died in Mary's arms.
Tom died in October 2013.
Tom died in October at the age of 30.
Tom died in October last year.
Tom died in October of 2013.
Tom died in October three years ago.
Tom died in October.
Tom died in Rome.
Tom died in a Black Friday stampede.
Tom died in a bed.
Tom died in a boating accident.
Tom died in a car accident.
Tom died in a car crash in 2013.
Tom died in a car crash.
Tom died in a fire.
Tom died in a freak accident.
Tom died in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom died in a hotel in Boston.
Tom died in a hunting accident.
Tom died in a motorcycle accident.
Tom died in a nearby hospital.
Tom died in a plane crash three months ago.
Tom died in a plane crash.
Tom died in a shootout with the police.
Tom died in a small house in Boston.
Tom died in a snowstorm.
Tom died in a traffic accident in 2013.
Tom died in a traffic accident in Australia.
Tom died in a traffic accident in Boston.
Tom died in a traffic accident three weeks ago.
Tom died in a traffic accident.
Tom died in a tragic accident.
Tom died in a train accident.
Tom died in an accident three weeks ago.
Tom died in an accident.
Tom died in an airplane accident.
Tom died in an automobile accident.
Tom died in battle.
Tom died in bed.
Tom died in combat.
Tom died in his apartment.
Tom died in his bed.
Tom died in his cell three days after being arrested.
Tom died in his kitchen.
Tom died in his living room.
Tom died in his prime.
Tom died in his seventies.
Tom died in his seventieth year.
Tom died in his sleep last night.
Tom died in his sleep three years ago.
Tom died in his sleep.
Tom died in his thirties.
Tom died in jail.
Tom died in my arms.
Tom died in obscurity.
Tom died in prison after three years.
Tom died in prison from tuberculosis.
Tom died in prison in 2013.
Tom died in prison ten years ago.
Tom died in prison three years ago.
Tom died in prison.
Tom died in strange circumstances.
Tom died in that crash.
Tom died in the accident.
Tom died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital.
Tom died in the attack.
Tom died in the battle.
Tom died in the blast.
Tom died in the blaze.
Tom died in the break room.
Tom died in the collision.
Tom died in the crash.
Tom died in the earthquake.
Tom died in the emergency room.
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.
Tom died in the explosion.
Tom died in the fight.
Tom died in the fire because he went back into the burning house to get his game console.
Tom died in the fire.
Tom died in the hospital.
Tom died in the middle of the night.
Tom died in the priest's arms.
Tom died in the robbery.
Tom died in the same bed he was born in.
Tom died in the same year Mary did.
Tom died in the same year Mary died.
Tom died in the summer of 2013.
Tom died in the woods.
Tom died instantly.
Tom died just a few hours after Mary died.
Tom died just after the accident.
Tom died just as he was trying to say something to Mary.
Tom died just before the ambulance arrived.
Tom died just one day after his seventieth birthday.
Tom died just three days after Mary was born.
Tom died just three months later.
Tom died just three years ago.
Tom died last Monday evening.
Tom died last Monday night.
Tom died last Monday.
Tom died last October.
Tom died last autumn.
Tom died last fall.
Tom died last month.
Tom died last night.
Tom died last week.
Tom died last winter.
Tom died last year at the age of 30.
Tom died last year of a heart attack.
Tom died last year.
Tom died late last month at age 30.
Tom died late yesterday afternoon.
Tom died later at the hospital.
Tom died later in a hospital.
Tom died later that day.
Tom died later that evening.
Tom died later that year.
Tom died laughing.
Tom died less than a week after Mary died.
Tom died less than a week after his operation.
Tom died less than a week after the accident.
Tom died many years ago.
Tom died mid-selfie.
Tom died of COVID.
Tom died of a broken heart.
Tom died of a chronic condition.
Tom died of a drug overdose in 2013.
Tom died of a drug overdose.
Tom died of a fentanyl overdose after insufflating what he thought was just cocaine.
Tom died of a heart attack Monday.
Tom died of a heart attack a year later.
Tom died of a heart attack in 2013.
Tom died of a heart attack in Australia.
Tom died of a heart attack in Boston.
Tom died of a heart attack last year.
Tom died of a heart attack on Monday.
Tom died of a heart attack.
Tom died of a heroin overdose.
Tom died of a single gunshot wound.
Tom died of an accidental overdose.
Tom died of an overdose.
Tom died of asphyxiation.
Tom died of brain cancer.
Tom died of cancer in 2013 in Australia.
Tom died of cancer in 2013 in Boston.
Tom died of cancer in 2013.
Tom died of cancer in October.
Tom died of cancer last year.
Tom died of cancer three years ago.
Tom died of cancer.
Tom died of cholera.
Tom died of congestive heart failure.
Tom died of dehydration.
Tom died of dysentery.
Tom died of emphysema.
Tom died of gastric cancer.
Tom died of heart failure on October twentieth at the age of 93.
Tom died of heat exhaustion on the desert floor.
Tom died of his gunshot wound.
Tom died of his injuries.
Tom died of hunger.
Tom died of hypothermia.
Tom died of internal injuries.
Tom died of kidney cancer.
Tom died of kidney failure.
Tom died of liver cancer.
Tom died of lung cancer in 2013.
Tom died of lung cancer.
Tom died of natural causes in 2013.
Tom died of natural causes.
Tom died of old age.
Tom died of pleurisy.
Tom died of pneumonia in Australia.
Tom died of pneumonia in Boston.
Tom died of pneumonia.
Tom died of rabies after having been bitten by a bat.
Tom died of smoke inhalation.
Tom died of starvation.
Tom died of stomach cancer in 2013.
Tom died of stomach cancer.
Tom died of thirst.
Tom died of tuberculosis in 2013.
Tom died of tuberculosis.
Tom died of typhoid fever.
Tom died of typhus.
Tom died on Monday at home.
Tom died on Monday in Australia.
Tom died on Monday in Boston.
Tom died on Monday morning.
Tom died on Monday.
Tom died on October 20, 2013 in Boston.
Tom died on October 20, 2013.
Tom died on October 20, 2013. Mary died a month later.
Tom died on October 20th in Australia.
Tom died on October 20th in Boston.
Tom died on October 20th.
Tom died on a cold night in October.
Tom died on a visit to Boston in 2013.
Tom died on his farm.
Tom died on his thirtieth birthday.
Tom died on his way back from Australia.
Tom died on his way back to Australia.
Tom died on his way home from church.
Tom died on set.
Tom died on the 20th.
Tom died on the battlefield.
Tom died on the morning of October 20th.
Tom died on the operating table.
Tom died on the same day Mary was born.
Tom died on the same day his son was born.
Tom died on the same day that Mary was born.
Tom died on the same day that our son was born.
Tom died on the spot.
Tom died on the twentieth.
Tom died on the way to the hospital.
Tom died peacefully at his home in Boston in the early hours of the morning.
Tom died peacefully in his sleep.
Tom died peacefully with his friends and family at his side.
Tom died peacefully.
Tom died penniless.
Tom died recently.
Tom died right after Mary did.
Tom died right after Mary.
Tom died right here.
Tom died several years ago.
Tom died several years later.
Tom died shortly after he got back from Australia.
Tom died shortly after he returned from Australia.
Tom died shortly after his return from a business trip.
Tom died shortly after that.
Tom died shortly after the ambulance arrived.
Tom died shortly after.
Tom died shortly afterwards.
Tom died some years ago.
Tom died sometime during the night.
Tom died soon after Mary did.
Tom died soon after Mary died.
Tom died soon after Mary.
Tom died soon after the accident.
Tom died soon after.
Tom died suddenly at the age of 30.
Tom died suddenly in 2013.
Tom died suddenly of a stroke.
Tom died suddenly.
Tom died that day.
Tom died the following night.
Tom died the next day.
Tom died the same way Mary did.
Tom died the same year his wife did.
Tom died there.
Tom died thirty years ago.
Tom died this afternoon.
Tom died this morning at 2:30.
Tom died this morning.
Tom died three days after Mary did.
Tom died three days after Mary died.
Tom died three days after Mary.
Tom died three days after he arrived in Australia.
Tom died three days after he arrived in Boston.
Tom died three days after he got to Boston.
Tom died three days after he moved to Australia.
Tom died three days after the accident.
Tom died three days after the shooting.
Tom died three days before Mary did.
Tom died three days before Mary.
Tom died three days before he was to receive the award.
Tom died three days later.
Tom died three hours after Mary did.
Tom died three hours after Mary died.
Tom died three hours after he got shot.
Tom died three hours after he was born.
Tom died three hours after his wife did.
Tom died three hours after his wife died.
Tom died three hours after his wife.
Tom died three hours ago.
Tom died three hours later.
Tom died three months after Mary.
Tom died three months after his wife did.
Tom died three months after his wife.
Tom died three months ago in Australia.
Tom died three months ago in Boston.
Tom died three months ago.
Tom died three months before he was set to graduate.
Tom died three months later.
Tom died three weeks after that.
Tom died three weeks after the accident.
Tom died three weeks after the crash.
Tom died three weeks ago after being bitten by a cobra.
Tom died three weeks ago in Australia.
Tom died three weeks ago in Boston.
Tom died three weeks before I got out of prison.
Tom died three weeks later.
Tom died three years ago of pneumonia.
Tom died three years ago today.
Tom died three years ago.
Tom died three years later.
Tom died to save your life.
Tom died today.
Tom died tragically.
Tom died trying to rescue Mary.
Tom died trying to save Mary.
Tom died trying to save a child from a burning building.
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash.
Tom died under mysterious circumstances.
Tom died unexpectedly of a heart attack.
Tom died unexpectedly.
Tom died very peacefully.
Tom died very young.
Tom died when I was thirteen.
Tom died when I was three.
Tom died when I was very young.
Tom died when Mary was still in her teens.
Tom died when a tree fell on him.
Tom died when he was 97.
Tom died when he was just thirty years old.
Tom died when he was seventy years old.
Tom died when he was thirty years old.
Tom died when he was thirty.
Tom died when he was three years old.
Tom died when he was very young.
Tom died when his truck crashed into a tree.
Tom died when the building collapsed.
Tom died when we were young.
Tom died while he was in Australia.
Tom died while he was in Boston.
Tom died while in Australia.
Tom died while in Boston.
Tom died while on a hunting trip.
Tom died while trying to repair Mary's microwave because he touched the huge capacitor with a screwdriver.
Tom died while writing.
Tom died with a gun in his hand.
Tom died with a knife in his back.
Tom died with a needle stuck in his arm.
Tom died with a smile on his face.
Tom died with over ten million dollars in the bank.
Tom died without a will.
Tom died without an heir.
Tom died without any heirs.
Tom died without any male heirs.
Tom died without ever seeing his son again even though he searched for him till the end.
Tom died without having ever seen Mary again, or known what had become of her.
Tom died without having made a will.
Tom died without heirs.
Tom died without leaving a will.
Tom died without telling anybody his secret.
Tom died without telling anyone his secret recipe.
Tom died without telling anyone his secret.
Tom died without telling his secret to anybody.
Tom died without telling his secret to anyone.
Tom died yesterday afternoon.
Tom died yesterday.
Tom died young.
Tom died, but Mary didn't.
Tom died, but life goes on.
Tom died, not Mary.
Tom died.
Tom dies.
Tom digitises books in his spare time.
Tom digitized an old family photo and emailed it to his mother.
Tom digitizes cookbooks for a living.
Tom dimed Mary out.
Tom dimmed the lights.
Tom dined with his parents.
Tom dipped a fry in ketchup.
Tom dipped a strawberry in chocolate and then put it in his mouth.
Tom dipped his French fries in ketchup.
Tom dipped his chips into the ketchup.
Tom dipped his cookie in his milk.
Tom dipped his croissant into his coffee.
Tom dipped his french fries into the ketchup.
Tom dipped his fry in ketchup.
Tom dipped his fry in the ketchup.
Tom dipped his hand into the popcorn bag.
Tom dipped his paddle into the water.
Tom dipped his spoon into the soup.
Tom dipped his toe into the water.
Tom dipped into his savings to buy a house.
Tom dipped the broccoli sprout into the dressing.
Tom directed a torrent of abuse at Mary as she came late again for their weekly meeting.
Tom directed me to the theater.
Tom directed the production.
Tom directed the show.
Tom disabled Mary's video surveillance system.
Tom disagreed at first, but has now come around to our point of view.
Tom disagreed at the time.
Tom disagreed on that point.
Tom disagreed with Mary about many things.
Tom disagreed with Mary on that point.
Tom disagreed with Mary.
Tom disagreed with his father.
Tom disagreed with me about that matter.
Tom disagreed with the decision.
Tom disagreed.
Tom disagrees with Mary on that matter.
Tom disagrees with Mary.
Tom disagrees with his diagnosis.
Tom disagrees with me.
Tom disagrees with us.
Tom disagrees with you on that point.
Tom disagrees with you.
Tom disagrees, doesn't he?
Tom disagrees.
Tom disappeared a month before Mary was abducted.
Tom disappeared a year ago.
Tom disappeared after school.
Tom disappeared and was never seen again.
Tom disappeared behind the house.
Tom disappeared from view.
Tom disappeared in 2003.
Tom disappeared in 2013.
Tom disappeared in October.
Tom disappeared in the crowd.
Tom disappeared in the forest.
Tom disappeared into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
Tom disappeared into his office.
Tom disappeared into his room.
Tom disappeared into one of the other rooms.
Tom disappeared into the crowd.
Tom disappeared into the fog.
Tom disappeared into the forest.
Tom disappeared into the jungle.
Tom disappeared into the mist.
Tom disappeared into the night.
Tom disappeared into the restaurant.
Tom disappeared into the shadows.
Tom disappeared into the trees.
Tom disappeared into the tunnel.
Tom disappeared into the woods.
Tom disappeared into thin air.
Tom disappeared last Monday.
Tom disappeared last month.
Tom disappeared last night.
Tom disappeared many years ago.
Tom disappeared mysteriously.
Tom disappeared on October 20, 2013.
Tom disappeared on October 20th.
Tom disappeared right after the concert.
Tom disappeared right before my eyes.
Tom disappeared shortly thereafter.
Tom disappeared three days ago.
Tom disappeared three months ago.
Tom disappeared three weeks ago.
Tom disappeared through the crowd.
Tom disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
Tom disappeared weeks ago.
Tom disappeared while out on bail.
Tom disappeared with the money.
Tom disappeared without a trace.
Tom disappeared without leaving a trace.
Tom disappeared yesterday.
Tom disappeared.
Tom disappointed Mary.
Tom disappointed his fans.
Tom disappointed me again.
Tom disappointed me.
Tom disappointed the members of his party.
Tom disapproved of Mary singing in bars.
Tom disapproved of my trip to Australia.
Tom disapproved of my trip to Boston.
Tom disapproves of any innovation.
Tom disarmed Mary.
Tom disassembled the clock.
Tom disavowed the rumor.
Tom disciplined Mary.
Tom disclosed his intentions.
Tom discouraged Mary from doing that.
Tom discouraged me from doing that.
Tom discovered Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom discovered Mary's body in a ditch.
Tom discovered Mary's body in a pit.
Tom discovered Mary's body.
Tom discovered Mary's terrible secret.
Tom discovered a flaw in the ship's design.
Tom discovered a new species of coral.
Tom discovered a new way to do that.
Tom discovered a pattern in the data.
Tom discovered how to open the box.
Tom discovered just how gullible Mary was.
Tom discovered swallows nesting inside the garage.
Tom discovered that Mary had committed suicide.
Tom discovered that Mary had dated his best friend.
Tom discovered that Mary was in trouble and went to help her.
Tom discovered that Mary was robbing the cash register.
Tom discovered that Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom discovered that Mary was unfaithful.
Tom discovered that he had made a mistake.
Tom discovered that he had run out of money.
Tom discovered that his money had been stolen.
Tom discovered that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
Tom discovered that the pigs had escaped from their pen.
Tom discovered the Pacific Ocean.
Tom discovered the secret of life, but he won't tell me.
Tom discovered the truth too late.
Tom discovered the truth.
Tom discovered two dead bodies in his basement.
Tom discreetly knocked on the door to Manon's bedroom.
Tom discreetly left the party early.
Tom discussed every item on the menu with the waiter before he ordered.
Tom discussed his plans with Mary.
Tom discussed his project with Mary.
Tom discussed politics all night with his friends.
Tom discussed that problem with Mary.
Tom discussed that with Mary.
Tom discussed the details with Mary.
Tom discussed the matter with Mary.
Tom discussed the problem with Mary.
Tom discussed with Mary a plan to rob the bank.
Tom disgraced himself in front of them.
Tom disgraced himself.
Tom disguised himself as a beggar.
Tom disguised himself as a fireman.
Tom disguised himself as a ghost for Halloween.
Tom disguised himself as a ghost using nothing but an old blanket.
Tom disguised himself as a janitor.
Tom disguised himself as a plumber.
Tom disguised himself as a policeman.
Tom disguised himself as a priest.
Tom disguised himself as a security guard.
Tom disguised himself as a woman.
Tom disguised himself.
Tom disguised his voice.
Tom disgusted Mary.
Tom disgusts me.
Tom dishonoured my family.
Tom disinfected his well.
Tom disinfected the well.
Tom disinherited his son.
Tom disliked Mary.
Tom disliked being treated like a child.
Tom disliked both Mary and John.
Tom disliked school when he was younger.
Tom disliked school.
Tom dislikes Christmas.
Tom dislikes Mary.
Tom dislikes being told what to do.
Tom dislikes being watched.
Tom dislikes crowds and avoids going to the shops at peak shopping periods.
Tom dislikes doing that.
Tom dislikes going to school.
Tom dislikes his wife's parents.
Tom dislikes hot weather just like me.
Tom dislikes me.
Tom dislikes noisy cities.
Tom dislikes speaking in public.
Tom dislikes summer time.
Tom dislikes the house he's living in.
Tom dislikes the house hes living in.
Tom dislikes them.
Tom dislikes walking.
Tom dislikes winter.
Tom dislocated his collarbone while playing football.
Tom dislocated his shoulder.
Tom dismantled the machine.
Tom dismantled the radio and put it back together again.
Tom dismissed Mary.
Tom dismissed Vladimir's proposal.
Tom dismissed the idea.
Tom dismissed this allegation.
Tom dismissed this thought.
Tom dismissed what Mary was saying.
Tom dismounted from his bicycle.
Tom dismounted from the horse.
Tom dismounted his motorcycle.
Tom dismounted the horse.
Tom disobeyed Mary.
Tom disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer.
Tom disobeyed a direct order.
Tom disobeyed his father.
Tom disobeyed his parents.
Tom disobeyed me.
Tom disobeyed my orders.
Tom disobeyed orders.
Tom disobeyed the captain's orders.
Tom disobeyed the order.
Tom disparaged Mary.
Tom dispelled doubts.
Tom dispelled our fears.
Tom displayed the contents of his wallet.
Tom displays no interest in science.
Tom displeased Mary.
Tom disregarded Mary's advice completely.
Tom disregarded Mary's advice.
Tom disregarded Marys advice.
Tom disregarded my advice.
Tom disregarded the slippery conditions and crashed off the road.
Tom disrupted their family.
Tom dissuaded them.
Tom distanced himself from Mary.
Tom distracted Mary.
Tom distracted me.
Tom distracted the guards.
Tom distrusted Mary.
Tom distrusts Mary.
Tom disturbed Mary.
Tom ditched Mary after a week.
Tom ditched Mary in the park.
Tom ditched Mary.
Tom ditched me.
Tom ditched the murder weapon.
Tom dived into the pool.
Tom dived into the swimming pool.
Tom dived off the tower.
Tom dived.
Tom diverted the traffic.
Tom divided the bread into two pieces.
Tom divided the cake into eight pieces.
Tom divided the cake into two.
Tom divided the dough into two portions.
Tom divided the pie into three equal parts.
Tom divided us into two groups.
Tom divorced Mary after the children graduated from college.
Tom divorced Mary and married Alice.
Tom divorced Mary last year.
Tom divorced Mary three years ago.
Tom divorced Mary.
Tom divorced his first wife more than fifteen years ago.
Tom divorced his first wife.
Tom divorced his second wife last year.
Tom divorced his wife last month.
Tom divorced my sister.
Tom dodged Mary's kiss.
Tom dodged Mary's surprise kiss.
Tom dodged the draft.
Tom does 100 sit-ups every morning before breakfast.
Tom does 100 sit-ups every morning.
Tom does 100 squats every morning before breakfast.
Tom does 100 squats every morning.
Tom does 50 push-ups every other morning.
Tom does a fine job.
Tom does a good job with the team.
Tom does a good job.
Tom does a lot of business in Boston, doesn't he?
Tom does a lot of stuff for Mary.
Tom does a lot of the household chores.
Tom does a lot of things well.
Tom does a lot of volunteer work.
Tom does a lot of walking.
Tom does a perfect John impression.
Tom does a pretty good job concealing his pain.
Tom does a pretty good job of forecasting the weather.
Tom does a really great Patrick Stewart impression.
Tom does all his homework at school.
Tom does all his work at night.
Tom does all of his studying at night.
Tom does all the cooking in our house.
Tom does all the cooking on weekends.
Tom does all the cooking.
Tom does all the talking.
Tom does almost anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom does almost anything he's asked to do.
Tom does almost everything around here.
Tom does almost everything for me.
Tom does almost everything he's asked to do.
Tom does almost nothing he's asked to do.
Tom does amazing work.
Tom does an hour of exercise each day.
Tom does anything I ask him to.
Tom does anything I tell him to.
Tom does anything Mary tells him to do.
Tom does anything but study.
Tom does anything we tell him to do.
Tom does anything we tell him.
Tom does artistic ironwork.
Tom does as he pleases.
Tom does as he's told.
Tom does as many sit-ups as years he is old every morning.
Tom does as well as you'd expect.
Tom does basically the same thing as Mary does.
Tom does beautiful work.
Tom does beekeeping as a hobby.
Tom does blow.
Tom does care a lot about Mary.
Tom does cocaine.
Tom does coke.
Tom does crank.
Tom does crap work.
Tom does crystal.
Tom does do some goofy things from time to time.
Tom does do some goofy things.
Tom does do that, but not very well.
Tom does do that, but not well.
Tom does drag on the weekends.
Tom does drink at least one cup of coffee every morning.
Tom does drive.
Tom does drugs.
Tom does everything I ask him to do.
Tom does everything I ask him to.
Tom does everything I tell him to do.
Tom does everything I tell him to.
Tom does everything Mary asks him to.
Tom does everything Mary tells him to do.
Tom does everything Mary tells him to.
Tom does everything Mary wants him to do.
Tom does everything around here.
Tom does everything at the last minute.
Tom does everything by himself.
Tom does everything by the book.
Tom does everything carelessly.
Tom does everything faster than Mary, but Mary is more meticulous than Tom.
Tom does everything for Mary.
Tom does everything for me.
Tom does everything for us.
Tom does everything he can to save money.
Tom does everything he wants.
Tom does everything he's asked to do.
Tom does everything he's told to do.
Tom does everything he's told to.
Tom does everything he's told.
Tom does everything his own way.
Tom does everything in such a roundabout way.
Tom does everything on his own.
Tom does everything perfectly.
Tom does everything so well.
Tom does everything that I ask him to do.
Tom does everything that Mary asks him, too.
Tom does everything the right way.
Tom does everything the way Mary tells him to do it.
Tom does everything the way Mary tells him to.
Tom does everything very quickly.
Tom does everything we tell him to do.
Tom does everything we tell him to.
Tom does everything we tell him.
Tom does everything well.
Tom does everything.
Tom does exactly what I tell him to do.
Tom does exactly what I tell him.
Tom does excellent work.
Tom does exercise at home.
Tom does exercises every morning.
Tom does fine work.
Tom does get around, doesn't he?
Tom does good work.
Tom does have a certain charm, doesn't he?
Tom does have a point.
Tom does have experience.
Tom does have hairy hands.
Tom does have one redeeming quality.
Tom does have pretty good instincts.
Tom does have some new ideas.
Tom does have some serious problems.
Tom does have to do that.
Tom does his best to make ends meet.
Tom does his best.
Tom does his duty.
Tom does his homework before dinner.
Tom does his job very well.
Tom does his job well.
Tom does his job.
Tom does his laundry every week.
Tom does his laundry once a week on Monday.
Tom does his laundry once a week.
Tom does his own laundry.
Tom does his own thing.
Tom does his work well.
Tom does his writing in a cafe.
Tom does impersonations of famous people.
Tom does it all the time.
Tom does it all.
Tom does it beautifully.
Tom does it because he wants to.
Tom does it better than me.
Tom does it faster than me.
Tom does it faster than you.
Tom does it naturally.
Tom does it quite well.
Tom does it very well.
Tom does jib.
Tom does just about everything we ask him to do.
Tom does just about everything.
Tom does know a lot.
Tom does know how to do that, doesn't he?
Tom does know that.
Tom does know the difference, doesn't he?
Tom does know what he's doing, doesn't he?
Tom does like Mary.
Tom does like jazz, doesn't he?
Tom does like them.
Tom does like you.
Tom does like you. I'm sure of it.
Tom does little other than play the guitar.
Tom does look a lot like John, doesn't he?
Tom does look a lot like John.
Tom does look a lot like his father.
Tom does look familiar.
Tom does look like a nice boy.
Tom does look lonely, doesn't he?
Tom does look really happy, doesn't he?
Tom does look really tired.
Tom does look tense, doesn't he?
Tom does look tired, doesn't he?
Tom does look tired.
Tom does lots of things he shouldn't do.
Tom does lots of things that he shouldn't do.
Tom does love Mary.
Tom does love me.
Tom does love you.
Tom does make a lot of mistakes, and he's still got a lot to learn, but I think he's really likeable. I'm very fond of him.
Tom does make things happen.
Tom does me a lot of favors.
Tom does meth.
Tom does more than that.
Tom does most of the work by himself.
Tom does much better than Mary does at school.
Tom does need to do that.
Tom does need you.
Tom does not believe execution is a fair legal penalty.
Tom does not believe in good anymore.
Tom does not believe it.
Tom does not believe that Mary is home.
Tom does not cry.
Tom does not dare to ask for help.
Tom does not drink alcohol.
Tom does not drink milk.
Tom does not go to the pools on principle.
Tom does not have a bike, but I have one.
Tom does not have a fever this morning.
Tom does not have a tail.
Tom does not have access to the database.
Tom does not have friends.
Tom does not have the courage to tell the truth.
Tom does not know how to respond.
Tom does not know how to sing.
Tom does not know how to snowboard.
Tom does not know how to waterski. Mary, on the other hand, loves it.
Tom does not know the difference between a check and a Czech.
Tom does not know the difference between a diamond and an emerald.
Tom does not know the difference between a doctor and a charlatan.
Tom does not know the difference between a subject and an object.
Tom does not know the difference between a tiger and a lion.
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon.
Tom does not know the difference between patriotism and chauvinism.
Tom does not know the difference between reality and fantasy.
Tom does not know the difference between steak tartar and a door mat.
Tom does not know the truth.
Tom does not know what the difference is between astronomy and astrology.
Tom does not know which colour to choose.
Tom does not like cheese.
Tom does not like country music.
Tom does not like the winter.
Tom does not like this color.
Tom does not look happy.
Tom does not look scared.
Tom does not love cheese.
Tom does not mince words.
Tom does not need Mary's help.
Tom does not need a visa to go to Kabylia because he has a Kabyle passport.
Tom does not own a calculator.
Tom does not pay attention in class.
Tom does not play golf.
Tom does not read books.
Tom does not respect Mary's opinion.
Tom does not understand Sanskrit.
Tom does not want to be late.
Tom does not want to get dressed.
Tom does not want to go out to play.
Tom does not want to learn Czech even though he has some relatives in Czechia.
Tom does not want to open the window.
Tom does not want to run any risks.
Tom does not want to stand out.
Tom does not want to waive his right to a jury trial.
Tom does not want you to know the truth.
Tom does nothing all day but read.
Tom does nothing but complain.
Tom does nothing but cry.
Tom does nothing but eat and sleep.
Tom does nothing but play all day.
Tom does nothing but read all day.
Tom does nothing but read books on Sundays.
Tom does nothing but read comics.
Tom does nothing but watch TV all day long.
Tom does nothing but watch TV all day.
Tom does nothing but watch TV.
Tom does occasionally say some incredibly stupid things.
Tom does oil pulling every morning before brushing his teeth.
Tom does only what he wants to do.
Tom does only what he's told to do.
Tom does outstanding work.
Tom does own a lot of cars.
Tom does play the saxophone, but not well.
Tom does practically everything around here.
Tom does pretty well for a beginner.
Tom does quality work.
Tom does seem a lot different today.
Tom does seem awfully busy.
Tom does seem awfully needy.
Tom does seem awfully sleepy.
Tom does seem awfully tired.
Tom does seem familiar.
Tom does seem innocent.
Tom does seem like someone I'd like to hang out with.
Tom does seem to be different.
Tom does seem to be in control.
Tom does seem to be quite a gentleman.
Tom does shave every morning.
Tom does shoddy work.
Tom does sloppy work.
Tom does snow.
Tom does some funny things every once in a while.
Tom does some funny things sometimes.
Tom does speed.
Tom does study a lot.
Tom does stuff like this every day.
Tom does take a shower every morning.
Tom does take a walk every morning.
Tom does talk a lot.
Tom does tend to be a little loud.
Tom does tend to be indiscreet at times.
Tom does tend to be late a lot.
Tom does tend to be stubborn at times.
Tom does tend to exaggerate.
Tom does that a lot better than I can.
Tom does that a lot better than I do.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary does.
Tom does that a lot better than Mary.
Tom does that a lot better than me.
Tom does that a lot, doesn't he?
Tom does that a lot.
Tom does that about three times a week.
Tom does that all day long.
Tom does that all the time, you know.
Tom does that all the time.
Tom does that almost every day at 2:30.
Tom does that almost every day.
Tom does that as often as he can.
Tom does that as well as Mary does.
Tom does that as well as Mary.
Tom does that at 2:30 almost every day.
Tom does that at 2:30 every day but Monday.
Tom does that at home.
Tom does that at least once a day.
Tom does that at least three times a week.
Tom does that because he has to.
Tom does that because he likes to.
Tom does that because he loves doing it.
Tom does that because he wants to do it.
Tom does that because he wants to.
Tom does that better than I do.
Tom does that better than Mary does.
Tom does that better than Mary.
Tom does that better than anybody else.
Tom does that better than anyone else.
Tom does that better than me.
Tom does that differently than Mary does.
Tom does that differently than me.
Tom does that differently.
Tom does that even when he's sick.
Tom does that every Monday afternoon.
Tom does that every Monday evening.
Tom does that every Monday morning.
Tom does that every Monday.
Tom does that every chance he gets.
Tom does that every chance that he gets.
Tom does that every day at 2:30.
Tom does that every day but Monday.
Tom does that every day in the summer.
Tom does that every day.
Tom does that every evening.
Tom does that every morning.
Tom does that every other Monday.
Tom does that every other day.
Tom does that every single day.
Tom does that every week.
Tom does that everywhere.
Tom does that extremely well.
Tom does that fairly well.
Tom does that fast.
Tom does that faster than I do.
Tom does that faster than Mary.
Tom does that faster than me.
Tom does that faster than you do.
Tom does that faster than you.
Tom does that for fun.
Tom does that for us every day.
Tom does that from time to time.
Tom does that here all the time.
Tom does that in his spare time.
Tom does that just about every day.
Tom does that just for the thrill of it.
Tom does that just like Mary does.
Tom does that just to get on my nerves.
Tom does that like Mary does.
Tom does that like a pro.
Tom does that more than I do.
Tom does that more than Mary does.
Tom does that more than Mary.
Tom does that more than you think.
Tom does that much better than I can.
Tom does that nearly every day.
Tom does that nowhere but here.
Tom does that occasionally.
Tom does that on a regular basis.
Tom does that once a week.
Tom does that once a year.
Tom does that quickly.
Tom does that quite often.
Tom does that quite well.
Tom does that really well.
Tom does that so much better than Mary can.
Tom does that so much better than Mary does.
Tom does that sometimes.
Tom does that the fastest.
Tom does that the old fashioned way.
Tom does that the same way Mary does.
Tom does that the same way as Mary.
Tom does that the way Mary does.
Tom does that the way Mary taught him to do that.
Tom does that the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom does that three or four times a week.
Tom does that three times a week.
Tom does that to everybody.
Tom does that to everyone.
Tom does that to hide his insecurity.
Tom does that too much.
Tom does that too often.
Tom does that very quickly.
Tom does that very rarely.
Tom does that very well, actually.
Tom does that very well.
Tom does that well.
Tom does that when he's drunk.
Tom does that when he's happy.
Tom does that when he's hungry.
Tom does that when he's sad.
Tom does that when he's sleepy.
Tom does that when he's tired.
Tom does that whenever he can.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance to.
Tom does that whenever he has a chance.
Tom does that whenever he has free time.
Tom does that with us.
Tom does that without any problem.
Tom does that, but Mary doesn't.
Tom does that, doesn't he?
Tom does that, too.
Tom does that.
Tom does the best he can.
Tom does the dishes as soon as he finishes eating.
Tom does the dishes every night.
Tom does the shopping.
Tom does things I can't do.
Tom does things I don't like doing.
Tom does things I don't like to do.
Tom does things I hate doing.
Tom does things I hate to do.
Tom does things I'm not able to do.
Tom does things at his own pace.
Tom does things his own way.
Tom does things in his own way.
Tom does things that I can't do.
Tom does things that I don't like doing.
Tom does things that I don't like to do.
Tom does things that I hate doing.
Tom does things that I hate to do.
Tom does things that I won't do.
Tom does things that I would never consider doing.
Tom does things that I wouldn't do.
Tom does things that I'd refuse to do.
Tom does things that I'm not able to do.
Tom does thirty body-weight squats a day.
Tom does thirty push-ups every afternoon as soon as he gets home.
Tom does thirty pushups every day.
Tom does thirty pushups every morning.
Tom does thirty sit-ups every morning before breakfast.
Tom does this a lot.
Tom does this all the time.
Tom does this at least four times a week.
Tom does this every day.
Tom does this every single time.
Tom does this for a living.
Tom does this more often than Mary does.
Tom does this six days a week.
Tom does this to everybody.
Tom does this to everyone.
Tom does this too much.
Tom does tina.
Tom does too much coke.
Tom does volunteer work.
Tom does want this, doesn't he?
Tom does want to do that.
Tom does want to go on to college.
Tom does want to go to college.
Tom does weight training.
Tom does well in physics.
Tom does what Mary asks him to do.
Tom does what Mary tells him to do.
Tom does what he can to help.
Tom does what he can.
Tom does what he pleases.
Tom does what he says he'll do.
Tom does what he says hell do.
Tom does what he thinks is right.
Tom does what he wants to do.
Tom does what he wants to.
Tom does what he wants.
Tom does what he's asked to do.
Tom does what he's ordered to do.
Tom does what he's told to do.
Tom does what he's told.
Tom does what hes told.
Tom does what is asked of him.
Tom does what's right for him.
Tom does whatever I say.
Tom does whatever Mary says.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him to do.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him.
Tom does whatever he wants to do.
Tom does whatever he wants to.
Tom does whatever he wants.
Tom does whatever he's asked to do.
Tom does whatever needs to be done.
Tom does whatever we ask him to do.
Tom does whatever we tell him to do.
Tom does whatever we tell him.
Tom does yoga every morning.
Tom does yoga.
Tom doesn't accept gifts.
Tom doesn't accept presents.
Tom doesn't act like a leader.
Tom doesn't act like a teacher.
Tom doesn't act like the typical college professor.
Tom doesn't actually hate Mary.
Tom doesn't actually have to do that.
Tom doesn't actually live here.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia now.
Tom doesn't actually live in Australia.
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston now.
Tom doesn't actually live in Boston.
Tom doesn't actually live within Boston city limits.
Tom doesn't actually live within Boston's city limits.
Tom doesn't actually need to do that.
Tom doesn't actually play much.
Tom doesn't actually speak much French.
Tom doesn't actually want that.
Tom doesn't actually want to do that.
Tom doesn't age.
Tom doesn't age. He just levels up.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary at all.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary on that point.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with how society forces people to act a certain way and rejects those who are different.
Tom doesn't agree with me.
Tom doesn't agree with what Mary said.
Tom doesn't agree with you.
Tom doesn't agree, does he?
Tom doesn't agree.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to eat candy.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to eat sweets.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to go out much.
Tom doesn't allow his children to do that.
Tom doesn't allow his children to drink wine.
Tom doesn't allow his children to eat junk food.
Tom doesn't allow his children to go out after dark.
Tom doesn't allow his children to play with Mary.
Tom doesn't allow his children to watch more than one hour of TV a day.
Tom doesn't allow his kids to do that.
Tom doesn't allow his son to eat ice cream.
Tom doesn't allow his wife to drive.
Tom doesn't allow people to enter his house.
Tom doesn't always arrive on time, but Mary usually does.
Tom doesn't always clean up after his dog.
Tom doesn't always come home this late.
Tom doesn't always come late.
Tom doesn't always complain, does he?
Tom doesn't always do it that way.
Tom doesn't always do that that way.
Tom doesn't always do that this way.
Tom doesn't always do that.
Tom doesn't always do what he's supposed to.
Tom doesn't always do what he's told.
Tom doesn't always do what others expect.
Tom doesn't always get his homework done on time.
Tom doesn't always get his homework done.
Tom doesn't always get his way, but he often does.
Tom doesn't always get his way.
Tom doesn't always get up early, but he always gets up before Mary does.
Tom doesn't always get up early.
Tom doesn't always go to bed before midnight.
Tom doesn't always keep his promises.
Tom doesn't always know where I am.
Tom doesn't always obey his parents.
Tom doesn't always obey the rules.
Tom doesn't always pay attention to details.
Tom doesn't always play by the rules.
Tom doesn't always remember to lock the door.
Tom doesn't always tell Mary everything.
Tom doesn't always tell the truth.
Tom doesn't always understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't always understand what's happening.
Tom doesn't always wear a hat.
Tom doesn't always wear a tie to work.
Tom doesn't always wear sunscreen.
Tom doesn't always win.
Tom doesn't answer me.
Tom doesn't anticipate any problems.
Tom doesn't appear to agree with you.
Tom doesn't appear to agree.
Tom doesn't appear to be busy.
Tom doesn't appear to be carrying a weapon.
Tom doesn't appear to be getting up.
Tom doesn't appear to be happy.
Tom doesn't appear to be having a good time.
Tom doesn't appear to be nervous.
Tom doesn't appear to be paying attention.
Tom doesn't appear to be surprised.
Tom doesn't appear to be too busy.
Tom doesn't appear to be too happy.
Tom doesn't appear to be too tired.
Tom doesn't appear to be unhappy.
Tom doesn't appear to be very religious.
Tom doesn't appear to have any injuries.
Tom doesn't appear to hear us.
Tom doesn't appear willing to do anything about it.
Tom doesn't appear willing to do that.
Tom doesn't appreciate what Mary did.
Tom doesn't appreciate your courage.
Tom doesn't approve of that kind of language.
Tom doesn't approve of the way Mary's been behaving.
Tom doesn't beat around the bush.
Tom doesn't believe Australia exists.
Tom doesn't believe I did that.
Tom doesn't believe I didn't do that.
Tom doesn't believe I won.
Tom doesn't believe I'll do that.
Tom doesn't believe I'll win.
Tom doesn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary at all.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can do that by herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can get home by herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can take care of herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary can win.
Tom doesn't believe Mary committed suicide.
Tom doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom doesn't believe Mary did that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary did what John said she did.
Tom doesn't believe Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on going with us.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that this week.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go bowling with John.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go with us.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary will cry.
Tom doesn't believe Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary will win.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary.
Tom doesn't believe Mary. He thinks she's lying.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom doesn't believe anybody.
Tom doesn't believe anyone.
Tom doesn't believe anything Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't believe he can do that.
Tom doesn't believe he can win.
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.
Tom doesn't believe his son is still alive.
Tom doesn't believe in Feng Shui.
Tom doesn't believe in God.
Tom doesn't believe in an afterlife.
Tom doesn't believe in anything.
Tom doesn't believe in astrology.
Tom doesn't believe in blindly obeying every rule.
Tom doesn't believe in destiny.
Tom doesn't believe in doctors.
Tom doesn't believe in evolution.
Tom doesn't believe in fate.
Tom doesn't believe in gay marriage.
Tom doesn't believe in ghosts.
Tom doesn't believe in global warming.
Tom doesn't believe in himself.
Tom doesn't believe in karma.
Tom doesn't believe in life after death.
Tom doesn't believe in refrigeration.
Tom doesn't believe in stereotypes.
Tom doesn't believe in talking down to children.
Tom doesn't believe in the strength of his political position, so he edits videos to support it.
Tom doesn't believe it really happened.
Tom doesn't believe it.
Tom doesn't believe me anymore.
Tom doesn't believe me at all.
Tom doesn't believe me.
Tom doesn't believe most of what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe narwhals are real.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary can get home by herself.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary can win.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary did what John said she did.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary has been faithful to him.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't believe that all cops are bad.
Tom doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
Tom doesn't believe that he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't believe that it really happened.
Tom doesn't believe that narwhals are real.
Tom doesn't believe that that's true.
Tom doesn't believe that'll happen.
Tom doesn't believe that's true.
Tom doesn't believe that.
Tom doesn't believe the girl.
Tom doesn't believe the rumors about Mary.
Tom doesn't believe us anymore.
Tom doesn't believe what Mary said.
Tom doesn't believe what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe what he's saying.
Tom doesn't believe you did that.
Tom doesn't believe you didn't do that.
Tom doesn't believe you really did that.
Tom doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Tom doesn't believe you'll do that.
Tom doesn't believe you'll win.
Tom doesn't believe you.
Tom doesn't believe your lies and neither do I.
Tom doesn't belong here.
Tom doesn't belong in jail.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for being mad.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for doing that.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom doesn't blame Mary.
Tom doesn't blame us.
Tom doesn't blame you for anything.
Tom doesn't blame you for doing that.
Tom doesn't bother me anymore.
Tom doesn't bowl.
Tom doesn't break his promises.
Tom doesn't break promises.
Tom doesn't bring anything to the table.
Tom doesn't bring me flowers anymore.
Tom doesn't brush his teeth as often as he should.
Tom doesn't buy Mary's explanation for a second.
Tom doesn't buy bread.
Tom doesn't buy into any of this self-help stuff.
Tom doesn't buy it.
Tom doesn't buy seafood.
Tom doesn't call anymore.
Tom doesn't call me anymore.
Tom doesn't call me, and I don't call him.
Tom doesn't care about any of that.
Tom doesn't care about anybody but himself.
Tom doesn't care about anyone but himself.
Tom doesn't care about anything anymore.
Tom doesn't care about anything else.
Tom doesn't care about anything.
Tom doesn't care about his grades.
Tom doesn't care about his health.
Tom doesn't care about it.
Tom doesn't care about me.
Tom doesn't care about me. It's you he's interested in.
Tom doesn't care about money that much.
Tom doesn't care about money.
Tom doesn't care about other people's problems.
Tom doesn't care about protecting his personal information online.
Tom doesn't care about that anymore.
Tom doesn't care about that.
Tom doesn't care about the price.
Tom doesn't care about this.
Tom doesn't care about us.
Tom doesn't care about what Mary says about him.
Tom doesn't care about what other people think.
Tom doesn't care about you.
Tom doesn't care anymore.
Tom doesn't care anyway.
Tom doesn't care at all.
Tom doesn't care for Japanese food.
Tom doesn't care for ice cream.
Tom doesn't care how Mary does that.
Tom doesn't care how Mary dresses.
Tom doesn't care how crazy he looks.
Tom doesn't care how crazy people think he is.
Tom doesn't care how much it costs.
Tom doesn't care how much it costs. He still plans to buy it.
Tom doesn't care how much money Mary has.
Tom doesn't care how much things cost.
Tom doesn't care how we feel.
Tom doesn't care how you do that.
Tom doesn't care how you win.
Tom doesn't care if Mary does her homework or not.
Tom doesn't care if Mary does that or not.
Tom doesn't care if Mary does that.
Tom doesn't care if his car is dirty.
Tom doesn't care if his car's dirty.
Tom doesn't care if we don't agree with him.
Tom doesn't care if you do that or not.
Tom doesn't care if you do that.
Tom doesn't care if you win.
Tom doesn't care much for swimming.
Tom doesn't care much one way or the other.
Tom doesn't care one way or the other.
Tom doesn't care that his car is dirty.
Tom doesn't care what I do.
Tom doesn't care what I think.
Tom doesn't care what I'm doing.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does or doesn't do.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does.
Tom doesn't care what Mary said.
Tom doesn't care what Mary says.
Tom doesn't care what Mary thinks.
Tom doesn't care what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't care what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't care what anybody else does.
Tom doesn't care what anyone else does.
Tom doesn't care what everybody else does.
Tom doesn't care what everyone else does.
Tom doesn't care what happens to Mary.
Tom doesn't care what happens to his old car.
Tom doesn't care what happens tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care what happens.
Tom doesn't care what other people say about him.
Tom doesn't care what other people think.
Tom doesn't care what people say about him.
Tom doesn't care what people think about him.
Tom doesn't care what people think.
Tom doesn't care what we do.
Tom doesn't care what you do.
Tom doesn't care what you say.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary does her homework or not.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary does that or not.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary stays or goes.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary stays or not.
Tom doesn't care whether he does that or not.
Tom doesn't care whether we come or not.
Tom doesn't care whether we do that or not.
Tom doesn't care whether we help him or not.
Tom doesn't care whether we stay or not.
Tom doesn't care whether you do that or not.
Tom doesn't care who Mary goes out with.
Tom doesn't care who comes to his party.
Tom doesn't care who does that, as long as it gets done.
Tom doesn't care who does that.
Tom doesn't care who does the job as long as the job gets done.
Tom doesn't care who wins.
Tom doesn't care who won.
Tom doesn't care why Mary did that.
Tom doesn't care why Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't care why Mary lied.
Tom doesn't care, but I do.
Tom doesn't care, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't care, does he?
Tom doesn't care.
Tom doesn't carry much cash.
Tom doesn't carry much luggage on trips.
Tom doesn't carry much with him when he travels.
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.
Tom doesn't celebrate birthdays.
Tom doesn't celebrate his birthday.
Tom doesn't celebrate his birthdays.
Tom doesn't charge for his services.
Tom doesn't charge much.
Tom doesn't cheat.
Tom doesn't clean up after himself.
Tom doesn't come any more.
Tom doesn't come around anymore. Maybe he's moved to a different city.
Tom doesn't come from Australia.
Tom doesn't come from a rich family.
Tom doesn't come here anymore.
Tom doesn't come here as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't come here every day, but he comes quite often.
Tom doesn't come here every day.
Tom doesn't come here often.
Tom doesn't come here on weekends.
Tom doesn't come here that much.
Tom doesn't come here very much.
Tom doesn't come here very often.
Tom doesn't come round any more. Maybe he's moved to a different city.
Tom doesn't come to Australia as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't come to Australia very often anymore.
Tom doesn't come to Boston as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't come to Boston very often anymore.
Tom doesn't come to school very often.
Tom doesn't come to visit very often.
Tom doesn't come to work by bicycle.
Tom doesn't complain about much.
Tom doesn't complain.
Tom doesn't consider Mary to be his girlfriend.
Tom doesn't consider himself a hero.
Tom doesn't consider himself handsome.
Tom doesn't consider it important.
Tom doesn't consider that cheating.
Tom doesn't cook on Mondays.
Tom doesn't cook very often.
Tom doesn't cook very well.
Tom doesn't cook well.
Tom doesn't cook.
Tom doesn't cooperate enough.
Tom doesn't count on me.
Tom doesn't cry as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't cry very often.
Tom doesn't cry.
Tom doesn't curse.
Tom doesn't cuss, drink or smoke.
Tom doesn't cuss.
Tom doesn't cut any corners.
Tom doesn't dance.
Tom doesn't dare to open his mouth.
Tom doesn't dare to tell the truth.
Tom doesn't date Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't date anymore.
Tom doesn't date non-vegans.
Tom doesn't date vegans.
Tom doesn't date.
Tom doesn't deny Mary anything.
Tom doesn't deny crying.
Tom doesn't deny doing that.
Tom doesn't deny laughing.
Tom doesn't deny lying.
Tom doesn't deserve Mary.
Tom doesn't deserve a promotion.
Tom doesn't deserve a second chance.
Tom doesn't deserve another chance.
Tom doesn't deserve any praise.
Tom doesn't deserve anyone to help him.
Tom doesn't deserve anyone's help.
Tom doesn't deserve punishment.
Tom doesn't deserve that.
Tom doesn't deserve the publicity.
Tom doesn't deserve the salary they're giving him.
Tom doesn't deserve the salary we're paying him.
Tom doesn't deserve this.
Tom doesn't deserve to be permanently banned.
Tom doesn't deserve to be punished.
Tom doesn't deserve to be re-elected.
Tom doesn't deserve to be treated that way.
Tom doesn't deserve to be treated this way.
Tom doesn't deserve you treating him like this.
Tom doesn't deserve your sympathy.
Tom doesn't deserve your sympathy. Remember that he's hurt you.
Tom doesn't discriminate.
Tom doesn't dislike it.
Tom doesn't do anything I ask him to do.
Tom doesn't do anything I want him to do.
Tom doesn't do anything else.
Tom doesn't do anything he doesn't have to do.
Tom doesn't do anything on Mondays.
Tom doesn't do anything without Mary.
Tom doesn't do anything without first asking Mary if it's OK.
Tom doesn't do anything without his wife's permission.
Tom doesn't do anything.
Tom doesn't do drugs anymore.
Tom doesn't do drugs.
Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
Tom doesn't do his job very well.
Tom doesn't do it here.
Tom doesn't do it much.
Tom doesn't do it well.
Tom doesn't do it.
Tom doesn't do lunch.
Tom doesn't do much other than read books.
Tom doesn't do much, does he?
Tom doesn't do much.
Tom doesn't do that a lot.
Tom doesn't do that any longer.
Tom doesn't do that any more.
Tom doesn't do that anymore.
Tom doesn't do that anywhere but here.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as fast as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't do that as often as I do.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as often as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as often as he should.
Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't do that as well as he should be able to.
Tom doesn't do that as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't do that as well as me.
Tom doesn't do that at all anymore.
Tom doesn't do that at all.
Tom doesn't do that because he's sick.
Tom doesn't do that by himself very often.
Tom doesn't do that every day.
Tom doesn't do that here.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing anymore.
Tom doesn't do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't do that like most people do it.
Tom doesn't do that like most people do.
Tom doesn't do that much anymore.
Tom doesn't do that much.
Tom doesn't do that often.
Tom doesn't do that on Mondays.
Tom doesn't do that regularly.
Tom doesn't do that sort of thing any more.
Tom doesn't do that that way.
Tom doesn't do that the same way I do it.
Tom doesn't do that the same way I do.
Tom doesn't do that the same way Mary does.
Tom doesn't do that the way he used to.
Tom doesn't do that to make money.
Tom doesn't do that too often any more.
Tom doesn't do that very carefully.
Tom doesn't do that very much.
Tom doesn't do that very often anymore.
Tom doesn't do that very often, does he?
Tom doesn't do that very often.
Tom doesn't do that very well.
Tom doesn't do that well enough.
Tom doesn't do that well.
Tom doesn't do that, does he?
Tom doesn't do that.
Tom doesn't do things like that.
Tom doesn't do things the same way I do.
Tom doesn't do things the same way that I do.
Tom doesn't do things the way I do.
Tom doesn't do things the way that I do.
Tom doesn't do this kind of thing anymore.
Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary has done that.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will cry.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary's ability to do the job.
Tom doesn't doubt his ability to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt his own ability to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary has done that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will cry.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't dress like anybody else.
Tom doesn't dress like everybody else.
Tom doesn't dress well.
Tom doesn't drink a lot.
Tom doesn't drink alcohol anymore.
Tom doesn't drink alcohol.
Tom doesn't drink alcoholic drinks at all.
Tom doesn't drink alcoholespecially not whiskey.
Tom doesn't drink and drive.
Tom doesn't drink any more.
Tom doesn't drink anymore.
Tom doesn't drink as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't drink as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't drink as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't drink as much coffee as he used to.
Tom doesn't drink as much coffee nowadays as he used to.
Tom doesn't drink at all.
Tom doesn't drink beer anymore.
Tom doesn't drink beer at home.
Tom doesn't drink beer very often.
Tom doesn't drink beer.
Tom doesn't drink beer. He always drinks tea.
Tom doesn't drink coffee anymore.
Tom doesn't drink coffee every day.
Tom doesn't drink coffee very often.
Tom doesn't drink coffee, but he smokes cigarettes.
Tom doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't drink cognac.
Tom doesn't drink cold tea.
Tom doesn't drink enough water.
Tom doesn't drink hot tea.
Tom doesn't drink juice.
Tom doesn't drink milk.
Tom doesn't drink much beer, but he sure drinks a lot of wine.
Tom doesn't drink much nowadays, but he used to drink a lot.
Tom doesn't drink much.
Tom doesn't drink now.
Tom doesn't drink often, but when he does, he binge drinks.
Tom doesn't drink or smoke.
Tom doesn't drink red wine.
Tom doesn't drink rum.
Tom doesn't drink sweet tea.
Tom doesn't drink tea.
Tom doesn't drink tequila anymore.
Tom doesn't drink tequila as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't drink tequila.
Tom doesn't drink vodka.
Tom doesn't drink wine very often.
Tom doesn't drink wine.
Tom doesn't drink.
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.
Tom doesn't drive as fast as Mary does.
Tom doesn't drive as fast as Mary.
Tom doesn't drive fast.
Tom doesn't drive his old pick-up truck anymore.
Tom doesn't drive that car very often.
Tom doesn't drive through the city.
Tom doesn't drive to work.
Tom doesn't drive.
Tom doesn't earn a living from his job.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to live on.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a family.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a woman like Mary.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support his family.
Tom doesn't earn enough to support a family.
Tom doesn't earn much.
Tom doesn't earn very much.
Tom doesn't eat Italian food very often.
Tom doesn't eat a balanced diet.
Tom doesn't eat a lot of meat.
Tom doesn't eat a lot.
Tom doesn't eat any dark meat.
Tom doesn't eat any fish except canned tuna.
Tom doesn't eat any fish other than pickled herring.
Tom doesn't eat any meat.
Tom doesn't eat anything except bread.
Tom doesn't eat anything except fast food.
Tom doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom doesn't eat apples.
Tom doesn't eat as much as Mari.
Tom doesn't eat as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't eat as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't eat as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't eat bacon.
Tom doesn't eat beans.
Tom doesn't eat beef.
Tom doesn't eat between meals.
Tom doesn't eat bread.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast with his children.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast.
Tom doesn't eat cake because he doesn't want to get any fatter.
Tom doesn't eat cake because he doesn't want to put on any more weight.
Tom doesn't eat candy.
Tom doesn't eat celery.
Tom doesn't eat chocolate.
Tom doesn't eat cookies very often.
Tom doesn't eat cookies.
Tom doesn't eat dark meat.
Tom doesn't eat dessert.
Tom doesn't eat desserts.
Tom doesn't eat eggs anymore.
Tom doesn't eat eggs.
Tom doesn't eat enough fruit.
Tom doesn't eat enough vegetables.
Tom doesn't eat fish.
Tom doesn't eat fruit or vegetables.
Tom doesn't eat fruit very often.
Tom doesn't eat fruit.
Tom doesn't eat ice cream.
Tom doesn't eat junk food anymore.
Tom doesn't eat junk food.
Tom doesn't eat lunch with us.
Tom doesn't eat lunch.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't eat meat anymore.
Tom doesn't eat meat as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't eat meat at all.
Tom doesn't eat meat or eggs.
Tom doesn't eat meat very often.
Tom doesn't eat meat, does he?
Tom doesn't eat meat, so let's go to a vegetarian restaurant.
Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't eat much fruit.
Tom doesn't eat much meat.
Tom doesn't eat much.
Tom doesn't eat oranges.
Tom doesn't eat out as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't eat pears.
Tom doesn't eat pizza because he doesn't like cheese.
Tom doesn't eat pizza very often.
Tom doesn't eat pork, does he?
Tom doesn't eat pork.
Tom doesn't eat properly.
Tom doesn't eat raw fish.
Tom doesn't eat red meat.
Tom doesn't eat rice every day.
Tom doesn't eat soup.
Tom doesn't eat that kind of bread.
Tom doesn't eat very much fruit.
Tom doesn't eat very much.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that sort of thing.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't enjoy eating spicy food.
Tom doesn't enjoy family gatherings very much.
Tom doesn't enjoy giving speeches.
Tom doesn't enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't enjoy reading books.
Tom doesn't enjoy teaching French.
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
Tom doesn't enjoy the work anymore.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't envy Mary.
Tom doesn't even bother to insult me anymore.
Tom doesn't even care that we're here.
Tom doesn't even care.
Tom doesn't even consider himself to be a native French speaker.
Tom doesn't even drive.
Tom doesn't even go here.
Tom doesn't even go to this school.
Tom doesn't even have a dog.
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't even have a girlfriend.
Tom doesn't even have a modicum of common sense.
Tom doesn't even have a pair of shoes.
Tom doesn't even have a pencil.
Tom doesn't even have an accent anymore.
Tom doesn't even have to say anything.
Tom doesn't even know I exist.
Tom doesn't even know I'm here.
Tom doesn't even know Mary is here.
Tom doesn't even know Mary's last name.
Tom doesn't even know Mary.
Tom doesn't even know he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't even know how to add.
Tom doesn't even know how to boil water.
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.
Tom doesn't even know how to make a cup of tea.
Tom doesn't even know how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom doesn't even know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesn't even know how to swim.
Tom doesn't even know how to turn the machine on.
Tom doesn't even know how to write his own name.
Tom doesn't even know me.
Tom doesn't even know my name yet.
Tom doesn't even know my name.
Tom doesn't even know that I exist.
Tom doesn't even know that I'm here.
Tom doesn't even know that what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't even know this is happening.
Tom doesn't even know we're here.
Tom doesn't even know what I want.
Tom doesn't even know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't even know what Mary does.
Tom doesn't even know what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't even know what this is.
Tom doesn't even know what you are talking about.
Tom doesn't even know where I am.
Tom doesn't even know where Mary is.
Tom doesn't even know where he is.
Tom doesn't even know who I am.
Tom doesn't even know who Mary is.
Tom doesn't even know why he was expelled from school.
Tom doesn't even know your name.
Tom doesn't even let his daughter go out on weekends.
Tom doesn't even like driving.
Tom doesn't even live in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't even live in Australia.
Tom doesn't even live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't even live in Boston.
Tom doesn't even look at me anymore.
Tom doesn't even own a computer.
Tom doesn't even own a suit.
Tom doesn't even read the newspaper.
Tom doesn't even remember me.
Tom doesn't even remember what happened last night.
Tom doesn't even see it himself.
Tom doesn't even speak French.
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.
Tom doesn't even try to keep up with fashion.
Tom doesn't even understand it himself.
Tom doesn't even want it anymore.
Tom doesn't even want to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't even want to get a driver's license.
Tom doesn't even want to go.
Tom doesn't even work here.
Tom doesn't ever come here by himself.
Tom doesn't ever come to visit us anymore.
Tom doesn't ever cry.
Tom doesn't ever do anything to help.
Tom doesn't ever do that anymore.
Tom doesn't ever do that.
Tom doesn't ever drink coffee.
Tom doesn't ever get here on time.
Tom doesn't ever get to school on time.
Tom doesn't ever have to do that again.
Tom doesn't ever help his wife clean the house.
Tom doesn't ever help his wife wash the dishes.
Tom doesn't ever hug Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife anymore.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife in public.
Tom doesn't ever laugh.
Tom doesn't ever listen to me.
Tom doesn't ever say "hi" to his neighbors.
Tom doesn't ever sing.
Tom doesn't ever smile anymore.
Tom doesn't ever speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't ever swear.
Tom doesn't ever wait for anybody.
Tom doesn't ever wait for anyone.
Tom doesn't ever walk anywhere.
Tom doesn't ever want to do that again.
Tom doesn't ever want to get married.
Tom doesn't ever want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't ever wear white shoes.
Tom doesn't ever win when he plays badminton.
Tom doesn't exactly have an airtight alibi.
Tom doesn't exist, and Mary isn't real either.
Tom doesn't exist.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to be on time.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to do that for him.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't expect Mary to get here on time.
Tom doesn't expect anything from Mary.
Tom doesn't expect anything from life anymore.
Tom doesn't expect to be busy.
Tom doesn't expect to get here on time.
Tom doesn't expect to stay too long.
Tom doesn't expect to stay very long.
Tom doesn't expect to win.
Tom doesn't express himself well.
Tom doesn't fear death.
Tom doesn't feed grain to his cows.
Tom doesn't feed his dog in the morning, only in the evening.
Tom doesn't feed stray dogs anymore.
Tom doesn't feel comfortable talking about his feelings.
Tom doesn't feel confident in his ability to talk with other people.
Tom doesn't feel enough is being done.
Tom doesn't feel guilty anymore.
Tom doesn't feel he has to do that.
Tom doesn't feel he needs to do that.
Tom doesn't feel like cooking.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that again.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that now.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that today.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that.
Tom doesn't feel like eating anything right now.
Tom doesn't feel like eating right now.
Tom doesn't feel like eating.
Tom doesn't feel like playing outside today.
Tom doesn't feel like studying.
Tom doesn't feel like taking a walk with his dog this morning.
Tom doesn't feel like talking to Mary tonight.
Tom doesn't feel like working this morning.
Tom doesn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't feel much like talking right now.
Tom doesn't feel safe.
Tom doesn't feel strong.
Tom doesn't feel that he can trust Mary.
Tom doesn't feel the same way I do about this.
Tom doesn't feel the same way that I do about this.
Tom doesn't feel the same way we do.
Tom doesn't feel tired.
Tom doesn't feel up to eating anything today.
Tom doesn't feel up to going out today.
Tom doesn't feel up to going today.
Tom doesn't feel we're helping him enough.
Tom doesn't feel well today.
Tom doesn't feel well.
Tom doesn't find this as funny as Mary does.
Tom doesn't fit in here at all.
Tom doesn't fit in here.
Tom doesn't flaunt his wealth.
Tom doesn't floss his teeth.
Tom doesn't floss.
Tom doesn't frighten me.
Tom doesn't gain weight even though he eats a lot.
Tom doesn't gamble anymore.
Tom doesn't gamble, drink or smoke.
Tom doesn't gamble.
Tom doesn't get a very high salary.
Tom doesn't get along well with Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't get along well with either parent.
Tom doesn't get along well with his neighbors.
Tom doesn't get along well with his new neighbors.
Tom doesn't get along well with his stepfather.
Tom doesn't get along well with the other boys in his class.
Tom doesn't get along well with the other children in his class.
Tom doesn't get along well with the other kids in his class.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary at all.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary's father.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary's parents.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't get along with anybody at work.
Tom doesn't get along with anyone in his class.
Tom doesn't get along with his classmates.
Tom doesn't get along with his coworkers.
Tom doesn't get along with his father-in-law.
Tom doesn't get along with his father.
Tom doesn't get along with his in-laws.
Tom doesn't get along with his mother-in-law.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors like he used to.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors.
Tom doesn't get along with his parents.
Tom doesn't get along with his sisters.
Tom doesn't get along with his wife's parents.
Tom doesn't get along with most people in the office.
Tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom doesn't get along with the other children in the neighborhood.
Tom doesn't get an allowance.
Tom doesn't get any pocket money.
Tom doesn't get as jealous as Mary does.
Tom doesn't get as much sleep as he should.
Tom doesn't get dizzy.
Tom doesn't get emotional.
Tom doesn't get enough exercise.
Tom doesn't get enough sleep.
Tom doesn't get excited.
Tom doesn't get hammered, but he encourages other people to.
Tom doesn't get invited to many parties.
Tom doesn't get invited to parties anymore.
Tom doesn't get involved in politics.
Tom doesn't get it.
Tom doesn't get jealous.
Tom doesn't get much sleep.
Tom doesn't get much time off.
Tom doesn't get on well with his father.
Tom doesn't get on with his daughter.
Tom doesn't get out much.
Tom doesn't get out of bed until noon.
Tom doesn't get out of the city much.
Tom doesn't get outdoors much.
Tom doesn't get paid a lot to do that.
Tom doesn't get paid all that much.
Tom doesn't get paid much to do that.
Tom doesn't get paid to do that.
Tom doesn't get paid very much to do that.
Tom doesn't get paid very much.
Tom doesn't get paid.
Tom doesn't get pocket money.
Tom doesn't get sick.
Tom doesn't get the situation.
Tom doesn't get this at all.
Tom doesn't get this.
Tom doesn't get tired.
Tom doesn't get to his office until nine-thirty.
Tom doesn't get up as early as I do.
Tom doesn't get up as early as Mary.
Tom doesn't get up early every day.
Tom doesn't get up early.
Tom doesn't get what Mary means.
Tom doesn't give Mary flowers anymore.
Tom doesn't give a toss about that.
Tom doesn't give advice lightly.
Tom doesn't give flowers to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't give his children an allowance.
Tom doesn't give me flowers anymore.
Tom doesn't give money to chuggers out of principle.
Tom doesn't give people the benefit of the doubt because he's a stubborn, little fuddy-duddy.
Tom doesn't give up easily, does he?
Tom doesn't give up easily.
Tom doesn't give up.
Tom doesn't go anywhere alone.
Tom doesn't go downtown very often.
Tom doesn't go fishing any more.
Tom doesn't go fishing anymore.
Tom doesn't go fishing as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't go fishing as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't go fishing much now, but he used to a lot.
Tom doesn't go fishing very often.
Tom doesn't go hiking as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't go out much.
Tom doesn't go out very often.
Tom doesn't go out when it is hot weather.
Tom doesn't go out with Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't go out with you, does he?
Tom doesn't go skiing as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't go skin diving anymore.
Tom doesn't go swimming as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't go swimming very often.
Tom doesn't go there anymore.
Tom doesn't go there.
Tom doesn't go to Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't go to Australia very often.
Tom doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't go to Boston as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't go to Boston very often.
Tom doesn't go to a good school.
Tom doesn't go to bars.
Tom doesn't go to church anymore.
Tom doesn't go to church very often.
Tom doesn't go to church.
Tom doesn't go to his office on Mondays.
Tom doesn't go to his office on Saturday.
Tom doesn't go to my school.
Tom doesn't go to school anymore.
Tom doesn't go to school by bus anymore.
Tom doesn't go to school by bus.
Tom doesn't go to school here anymore.
Tom doesn't go to school here.
Tom doesn't go to school yet.
Tom doesn't go to school.
Tom doesn't go to the market, no matter if Mary goes to the market.
Tom doesn't go to the market.
Tom doesn't go to the movies as often as he'd like to.
Tom doesn't go to the office on Mondays.
Tom doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
Tom doesn't go to the same school as I do.
Tom doesn't go to the same school as Mary.
Tom doesn't go to the same school that Mary does.
Tom doesn't go to the store, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't go to this school anymore.
Tom doesn't go to this school.
Tom doesn't go to work by bicycle.
Tom doesn't go to work on Sunday.
Tom doesn't golf. You're thinking of Mary.
Tom doesn't grasp things easily.
Tom doesn't greet his neighbors.
Tom doesn't hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't hang out with Mary.
Tom doesn't hang out with us anymore.
Tom doesn't hate Mary.
Tom doesn't hate Mary. He's just fallen in love with somebody else.
Tom doesn't hate Mary. He's just fallen in love with someone else.
Tom doesn't hate anybody.
Tom doesn't hate me.
Tom doesn't hate people, he's just asocial.
Tom doesn't hate you, Mary.
Tom doesn't hate you.
Tom doesn't have Mary to do that for him anymore.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Australia, but he has her phone number.
Tom doesn't have Mary's address in Boston, but he has her phone number.
Tom doesn't have Mary's number.
Tom doesn't have Mary's permission to do that.
Tom doesn't have Mary's phone number.
Tom doesn't have Mary's telephone number.
Tom doesn't have a French-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a TV at home.
Tom doesn't have a TV.
Tom doesn't have a bag.
Tom doesn't have a bank account.
Tom doesn't have a basement.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle, but I do.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle, but Mary has one.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
Tom doesn't have a big appetite.
Tom doesn't have a bike.
Tom doesn't have a brother.
Tom doesn't have a car and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't have a car and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't have a car.
Tom doesn't have a car. He just uses Mary's.
Tom doesn't have a care in the world.
Tom doesn't have a cat.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't have a cell phone.
Tom doesn't have a cellphone.
Tom doesn't have a chance of winning.
Tom doesn't have a chance.
Tom doesn't have a choice.
Tom doesn't have a choice. He has to do that.
Tom doesn't have a clue what to do.
Tom doesn't have a clue, does he?
Tom doesn't have a clue.
Tom doesn't have a college degree.
Tom doesn't have a computer.
Tom doesn't have a conscience.
Tom doesn't have a credit card or a bank account.
Tom doesn't have a credit card.
Tom doesn't have a criminal record.
Tom doesn't have a curfew.
Tom doesn't have a dad.
Tom doesn't have a date for the Monday night.
Tom doesn't have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom doesn't have a date.
Tom doesn't have a daughter named Mary.
Tom doesn't have a daughter.
Tom doesn't have a dependable car.
Tom doesn't have a dog anymore.
Tom doesn't have a dog now.
Tom doesn't have a dog, either.
Tom doesn't have a dog.
Tom doesn't have a dollar to his name.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license yet.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't have a driver's permit.
Tom doesn't have a driving license.
Tom doesn't have a family.
Tom doesn't have a favorite color.
Tom doesn't have a favorite.
Tom doesn't have a favourite colour.
Tom doesn't have a fever this morning.
Tom doesn't have a fever.
Tom doesn't have a fishing license.
Tom doesn't have a full-time job.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend anymore.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend now.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend right now.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend yet.
Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom doesn't have a gold credit card.
Tom doesn't have a good French-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a good job.
Tom doesn't have a good memory.
Tom doesn't have a good relationship with his family.
Tom doesn't have a good reputation.
Tom doesn't have a good sense of humour.
Tom doesn't have a graduate degree.
Tom doesn't have a gun.
Tom doesn't have a happy marriage.
Tom doesn't have a hat on.
Tom doesn't have a high school diploma.
Tom doesn't have a high-paying job.
Tom doesn't have a home right now.
Tom doesn't have a home.
Tom doesn't have a house to live in.
Tom doesn't have a house.
Tom doesn't have a hunting license.
Tom doesn't have a job right now.
Tom doesn't have a job to go back to.
Tom doesn't have a job.
Tom doesn't have a job. He's retired.
Tom doesn't have a key to the closet.
Tom doesn't have a key.
Tom doesn't have a landline.
Tom doesn't have a lawyer.
Tom doesn't have a leg to stand on.
Tom doesn't have a lot of childhood photos.
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.
Tom doesn't have a lot of friends.
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.
Tom doesn't have a lot of patience.
Tom doesn't have a lot of teaching experience.
Tom doesn't have a lot of time to do that.
Tom doesn't have a lot of time.
Tom doesn't have a lot to give.
Tom doesn't have a mean bone in his body.
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.
Tom doesn't have a mobile phone.
Tom doesn't have a motorcycle license.
Tom doesn't have a name tag.
Tom doesn't have a name.
Tom doesn't have a partner.
Tom doesn't have a passport yet.
Tom doesn't have a passport.
Tom doesn't have a penny to his name.
Tom doesn't have a penny.
Tom doesn't have a pet now, but he used to have a dog.
Tom doesn't have a phone, so it's difficult to contact him.
Tom doesn't have a phone.
Tom doesn't have a picture of his cat on his phone.
Tom doesn't have a place to live.
Tom doesn't have a plan.
Tom doesn't have a political agenda.
Tom doesn't have a prayer.
Tom doesn't have a problem with that.
Tom doesn't have a raincoat.
Tom doesn't have a refrigerator.
Tom doesn't have a regular job.
Tom doesn't have a rice cooker.
Tom doesn't have a role model.
Tom doesn't have a salary.
Tom doesn't have a savings account.
Tom doesn't have a say in that matter.
Tom doesn't have a say in the matter.
Tom doesn't have a sense of humor.
Tom doesn't have a shirt on.
Tom doesn't have a shot at getting into basketball.
Tom doesn't have a single colour photograph, only some in black and white.
Tom doesn't have a sister.
Tom doesn't have a smartphone.
Tom doesn't have a son.
Tom doesn't have a steady girlfriend.
Tom doesn't have a steady income.
Tom doesn't have a successful business.
Tom doesn't have a suitcase, so he borrowed mine.
Tom doesn't have a team to coach.
Tom doesn't have a telephone.
Tom doesn't have a television.
Tom doesn't have a temperature.
Tom doesn't have a theory.
Tom doesn't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
Tom doesn't have a ticket yet.
Tom doesn't have a ticket.
Tom doesn't have a trash can.
Tom doesn't have a very good French-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a very good Japanese-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a very good piano teacher.
Tom doesn't have a very good relationship with his family.
Tom doesn't have a visa.
Tom doesn't have a watertight alibi.
Tom doesn't have a webpage.
Tom doesn't have a website anymore.
Tom doesn't have a website.
Tom doesn't have a whole lot of time.
Tom doesn't have a wife.
Tom doesn't have all the facts.
Tom doesn't have all those things.
Tom doesn't have an Australian accent.
Tom doesn't have an accent.
Tom doesn't have an airtight alibi.
Tom doesn't have an alibi either.
Tom doesn't have an alibi.
Tom doesn't have an answer.
Tom doesn't have an appointment.
Tom doesn't have an assistant.
Tom doesn't have an ear for music.
Tom doesn't have an eraser.
Tom doesn't have an office.
Tom doesn't have an umbrella.
Tom doesn't have any bad habits.
Tom doesn't have any books.
Tom doesn't have any broken bones.
Tom doesn't have any brothers and sisters.
Tom doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom doesn't have any brothers.
Tom doesn't have any cash on hand.
Tom doesn't have any cash.
Tom doesn't have any cats.
Tom doesn't have any chance of winning.
Tom doesn't have any chickens.
Tom doesn't have any children, does he?
Tom doesn't have any children.
Tom doesn't have any choice.
Tom doesn't have any classes on Mondays.
Tom doesn't have any classes today.
Tom doesn't have any classes tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have any close friends.
Tom doesn't have any common sense.
Tom doesn't have any concrete plans.
Tom doesn't have any confidence in himself.
Tom doesn't have any credit cards.
Tom doesn't have any desire to do that.
Tom doesn't have any drinking water.
Tom doesn't have any enemies I can't think of.
Tom doesn't have any enemies at all.
Tom doesn't have any enemies.
Tom doesn't have any experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have any experience.
Tom doesn't have any family here.
Tom doesn't have any family.
Tom doesn't have any female friends.
Tom doesn't have any food.
Tom doesn't have any freckles.
Tom doesn't have any friends he can talk to about this.
Tom doesn't have any friends here except Mary.
Tom doesn't have any friends here except you.
Tom doesn't have any friends here in Australia.
Tom doesn't have any friends here in Boston.
Tom doesn't have any friends here.
Tom doesn't have any friends his own age.
Tom doesn't have any friends in Australia.
Tom doesn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't have any friends to advise him.
Tom doesn't have any friends to play with.
Tom doesn't have any friends to talk to.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him do that.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.
Tom doesn't have any friends who aren't Canadians.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like to go camping.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like to play golf.
Tom doesn't have any friends who speak French.
Tom doesn't have any friends.
Tom doesn't have any goats.
Tom doesn't have any goats. He only has sheep.
Tom doesn't have any help at home.
Tom doesn't have any help doing that.
Tom doesn't have any idea he's being ignored.
Tom doesn't have any idea how many people will be at his party.
Tom doesn't have any idea how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary has to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary intends to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary is thinking.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary needs to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary plans to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary will do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's dog looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's house looks like.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's parents do.
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary's plans are.
Tom doesn't have any idea what has to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't have any idea what kind of car Mary drives.
Tom doesn't have any idea what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea what should be done.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary intends to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary plans on doing that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants him to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary's plans on doing that.
Tom doesn't have any idea when Mary's plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary does that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning on staying in Boston.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning on staying.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to go in Australia.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is planning to stay.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary is.
Tom doesn't have any idea where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who did that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who has to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who needs to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who wants to do that.
Tom doesn't have any idea who'll be at the meeting.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
Tom doesn't have any idea why that happened.
Tom doesn't have any intention of backing down.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in art whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports at all.
Tom doesn't have any interest in sports whatsoever.
Tom doesn't have any kids.
Tom doesn't have any living relatives.
Tom doesn't have any money left.
Tom doesn't have any money on him.
Tom doesn't have any money.
Tom doesn't have any objection to our leaving.
Tom doesn't have any of that.
Tom doesn't have any other option but to do that.
Tom doesn't have any other options.
Tom doesn't have any patience.
Tom doesn't have any pets.
Tom doesn't have any place to live.
Tom doesn't have any plans for Monday.
Tom doesn't have any plans for his retirement.
Tom doesn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom doesn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have any plans to do that.
Tom doesn't have any problem he can't handle himself.
Tom doesn't have any problems at school.
Tom doesn't have any problems.
Tom doesn't have any proof.
Tom doesn't have any real friends.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to trust Mary.
Tom doesn't have any reason to be jealous.
Tom doesn't have any reason to be nervous.
Tom doesn't have any reason to cry.
Tom doesn't have any reason to do that.
Tom doesn't have any relatives to take care of him.
Tom doesn't have any resources for it.
Tom doesn't have any savings and his only source of income is his current job.
Tom doesn't have any sheep.
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.
Tom doesn't have any siblings.
Tom doesn't have any sisters.
Tom doesn't have any socks on.
Tom doesn't have any strength left.
Tom doesn't have any strong feelings.
Tom doesn't have any symptoms.
Tom doesn't have any teaching experience.
Tom doesn't have any teeth.
Tom doesn't have any time to do that.
Tom doesn't have any time to watch TV.
Tom doesn't have any trouble climbing trees.
Tom doesn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom doesn't have any trouble making himself understood in French.
Tom doesn't have any water.
Tom doesn't have any weapons.
Tom doesn't have any women in his life.
Tom doesn't have anybody to advise him.
Tom doesn't have anybody to help him.
Tom doesn't have anybody.
Tom doesn't have anyone to advise him.
Tom doesn't have anyone to discuss his problems with.
Tom doesn't have anyone to help him.
Tom doesn't have anyone to lean on.
Tom doesn't have anyone to play with.
Tom doesn't have anything in his bag.
Tom doesn't have anything to complain about.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with that.
Tom doesn't have anything to do with the case.
Tom doesn't have anything to do.
Tom doesn't have anything to eat.
Tom doesn't have anything to talk about.
Tom doesn't have anything to worry about.
Tom doesn't have anything.
Tom doesn't have anywhere to go.
Tom doesn't have as many books as I do.
Tom doesn't have as many books as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as many books as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as many cats as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as many friends as I do.
Tom doesn't have as many friends as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as many friends as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as many pairs of shoes as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as many pairs of shoes as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as many stamps as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much clout as he used to have.
Tom doesn't have as much clout as he used to.
Tom doesn't have as much energy as he used to.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much experience as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as he used to.
Tom doesn't have as much free time as he would like.
Tom doesn't have as much money as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much money as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as much money as Mary.
Tom doesn't have as much money as he needs.
Tom doesn't have as much money as you think he does.
Tom doesn't have as much money as you think.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much patience as you.
Tom doesn't have as much time as I do.
Tom doesn't have as much time as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have asthma.
Tom doesn't have bad grades.
Tom doesn't have cable TV.
Tom doesn't have cancer.
Tom doesn't have children.
Tom doesn't have class on Wednesdays.
Tom doesn't have classes on Mondays.
Tom doesn't have classes today.
Tom doesn't have dimples, but his brother does.
Tom doesn't have either a cat or a dog.
Tom doesn't have either a dog or a cat.
Tom doesn't have enough credits to graduate.
Tom doesn't have enough experience to get that job.
Tom doesn't have enough experience to operate a train.
Tom doesn't have enough experience.
Tom doesn't have enough food.
Tom doesn't have enough friends.
Tom doesn't have enough money for food.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a car.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a motorized wheelchair.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a new car.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a new trumpet.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy everything he needs.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy that house.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy that.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the computer he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the computer that he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the house he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he needs.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay all his bills this month.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay all his bills.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay his rent.
Tom doesn't have enough money to travel.
Tom doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car that he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money.
Tom doesn't have enough strength to pick Mary up.
Tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom doesn't have enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't have everything he needs.
Tom doesn't have everything he wants.
Tom doesn't have expensive tastes.
Tom doesn't have experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have flood insurance.
Tom doesn't have forks or knives. He eats everything with spoons.
Tom doesn't have freckles.
Tom doesn't have friends in Australia.
Tom doesn't have friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't have great people skills.
Tom doesn't have hair.
Tom doesn't have hairy arms.
Tom doesn't have health insurance.
Tom doesn't have his gun with him.
Tom doesn't have his helmet with him.
Tom doesn't have his own apartment.
Tom doesn't have his own phone.
Tom doesn't have his parents' permission to do that.
Tom doesn't have his phone on him.
Tom doesn't have his phone with him today.
Tom doesn't have his phone with him.
Tom doesn't have his sweater on.
Tom doesn't have insurance.
Tom doesn't have internet; he much prefers being out all day in the fresh air.
Tom doesn't have it all figured out yet.
Tom doesn't have it easy in life at all.
Tom doesn't have it now.
Tom doesn't have kids.
Tom doesn't have long to live.
Tom doesn't have long to wait.
Tom doesn't have lunch with us.
Tom doesn't have many Canadian friends.
Tom doesn't have many books.
Tom doesn't have many close friends.
Tom doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see him wearing the same thing.
Tom doesn't have many friends here in Boston.
Tom doesn't have many friends here.
Tom doesn't have many friends in Australia.
Tom doesn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't have many friends.
Tom doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom doesn't have many options.
Tom doesn't have many photos of himself as a baby.
Tom doesn't have many pictures of himself as a baby.
Tom doesn't have many pictures of himself as a kid.
Tom doesn't have many things to worry about.
Tom doesn't have many weekends off.
Tom doesn't have me to do that for him anymore.
Tom doesn't have money for that.
Tom doesn't have money to buy the house.
Tom doesn't have money.
Tom doesn't have much choice.
Tom doesn't have much confidence.
Tom doesn't have much energy today.
Tom doesn't have much experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have much experience in teaching.
Tom doesn't have much experience.
Tom doesn't have much free time on the weekends.
Tom doesn't have much free time on weekends.
Tom doesn't have much free time.
Tom doesn't have much hair.
Tom doesn't have much interest in art.
Tom doesn't have much interest in outdoor sports.
Tom doesn't have much leisure time.
Tom doesn't have much longer to live.
Tom doesn't have much money in the bank.
Tom doesn't have much money with him.
Tom doesn't have much money, but he gets by.
Tom doesn't have much money.
Tom doesn't have much more time.
Tom doesn't have much of a chance.
Tom doesn't have much of a choice.
Tom doesn't have much of an appetite.
Tom doesn't have much spare time.
Tom doesn't have much teaching experience.
Tom doesn't have much time for cycling.
Tom doesn't have much time for recreation.
Tom doesn't have much time for volunteer work.
Tom doesn't have much time left.
Tom doesn't have much time to do that.
Tom doesn't have much time to waste.
Tom doesn't have much time.
Tom doesn't have much to gain either.
Tom doesn't have my permission to do that.
Tom doesn't have one of these yet.
Tom doesn't have one of those things.
Tom doesn't have one.
Tom doesn't have our permission to do that.
Tom doesn't have permission to be here.
Tom doesn't have permission to do that.
Tom doesn't have proper qualifications for his post, but nobody cares about it at the company.
Tom doesn't have red hair.
Tom doesn't have running water, so sometimes he comes over to our place to take a bath.
Tom doesn't have seniority.
Tom doesn't have tea.
Tom doesn't have that kind of money.
Tom doesn't have that luxury.
Tom doesn't have that many options.
Tom doesn't have that problem.
Tom doesn't have the ability to do that.
Tom doesn't have the ability to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't have the answer to Mary's question.
Tom doesn't have the authority to do that.
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom doesn't have the courage to admit he was wrong.
Tom doesn't have the courage to admit that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't have the courage to ask Mary to lend him her video camera.
Tom doesn't have the courage to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have the courage to do that.
Tom doesn't have the courage to tell the truth to my face.
Tom doesn't have the energy to do that.
Tom doesn't have the experience necessary.
Tom doesn't have the faintest idea what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesn't have the guts to do that.
Tom doesn't have the means to do that.
Tom doesn't have the measles.
Tom doesn't have the money to buy a car.
Tom doesn't have the money to do that.
Tom doesn't have the necessary qualifications for this job.
Tom doesn't have the necessary skills for that job.
Tom doesn't have the nerve to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have the nerve.
Tom doesn't have the patience to do that.
Tom doesn't have the personality for that job.
Tom doesn't have the physical strength to do what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good leader.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good teacher.
Tom doesn't have the required level in French, as he might think.
Tom doesn't have the right to say that.
Tom doesn't have the skill to do that.
Tom doesn't have the skill to win.
Tom doesn't have the skills necessary to do that job.
Tom doesn't have the stamina to do that.
Tom doesn't have the stamina to win.
Tom doesn't have the strength to carry his own suitcase.
Tom doesn't have the strength to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have the strength to do that.
Tom doesn't have the strength to win.
Tom doesn't have the ticket.
Tom doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom doesn't have the time to do that right now.
Tom doesn't have the time to eat right now.
Tom doesn't have the time to help Mary right now.
Tom doesn't have the time.
Tom doesn't have the virus.
Tom doesn't have the will power to quit smoking.
Tom doesn't have the willpower to do that.
Tom doesn't have these problems.
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
Tom doesn't have those kinds of problems.
Tom doesn't have time for anyone right now.
Tom doesn't have time for that now.
Tom doesn't have time for that.
Tom doesn't have time for you now.
Tom doesn't have time right now to do that.
Tom doesn't have time right now to help you.
Tom doesn't have time right now to talk to anyone.
Tom doesn't have time to answer all my questions.
Tom doesn't have time to do anything else today.
Tom doesn't have time to do that now.
Tom doesn't have time to do that right now.
Tom doesn't have time to do that today.
Tom doesn't have time to do that.
Tom doesn't have time to eat now.
Tom doesn't have time to eat right now.
Tom doesn't have time to eat.
Tom doesn't have time to get bored.
Tom doesn't have time to help us today.
Tom doesn't have time to help you.
Tom doesn't have time to read comics.
Tom doesn't have time to relax.
Tom doesn't have time to talk to you now.
Tom doesn't have time to talk to you.
Tom doesn't have time.
Tom doesn't have to agree.
Tom doesn't have to answer any of these questions.
Tom doesn't have to answer if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to answer that question.
Tom doesn't have to answer that.
Tom doesn't have to answer these questions.
Tom doesn't have to answer those questions.
Tom doesn't have to answer.
Tom doesn't have to apologise to Mary.
Tom doesn't have to apologize to Mary.
Tom doesn't have to apologize to me.
Tom doesn't have to ask anyone for permission.
Tom doesn't have to be asked twice.
Tom doesn't have to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Tom doesn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't have to be back until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to be here today.
Tom doesn't have to be here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to be here.
Tom doesn't have to be home by 2:30.
Tom doesn't have to be home on Monday.
Tom doesn't have to be home.
Tom doesn't have to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom doesn't have to be so formal.
Tom doesn't have to be the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't have to be the one who does that.
Tom doesn't have to be there tonight.
Tom doesn't have to believe me.
Tom doesn't have to buy anything right now.
Tom doesn't have to buy anything.
Tom doesn't have to buy it.
Tom doesn't have to buy new windshield wipers yet.
Tom doesn't have to call Mary tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to change his plan.
Tom doesn't have to change his plans.
Tom doesn't have to change.
Tom doesn't have to come back.
Tom doesn't have to come here anymore.
Tom doesn't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to come here.
Tom doesn't have to come if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to come see me.
Tom doesn't have to come to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to come to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to come to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to come with me.
Tom doesn't have to come.
Tom doesn't have to confess to anybody.
Tom doesn't have to continue doing that.
Tom doesn't have to convince me of that.
Tom doesn't have to convince me.
Tom doesn't have to cook dinner tonight.
Tom doesn't have to dance with Mary unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to deal with this alone.
Tom doesn't have to decide right away.
Tom doesn't have to decide right now.
Tom doesn't have to decide soon.
Tom doesn't have to decide today.
Tom doesn't have to do anything about that.
Tom doesn't have to do anything else.
Tom doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to do.
Tom doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do anything.
Tom doesn't have to do it here.
Tom doesn't have to do it now.
Tom doesn't have to do it right away.
Tom doesn't have to do it, but he should.
Tom doesn't have to do it, but we do.
Tom doesn't have to do it, but you should.
Tom doesn't have to do it.
Tom doesn't have to do that again.
Tom doesn't have to do that alone.
Tom doesn't have to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have to do that before Monday.
Tom doesn't have to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't have to do that either.
Tom doesn't have to do that every day.
Tom doesn't have to do that every morning.
Tom doesn't have to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't have to do that here.
Tom doesn't have to do that himself.
Tom doesn't have to do that if he doesn't really want to.
Tom doesn't have to do that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do that immediately.
Tom doesn't have to do that now, does he?
Tom doesn't have to do that now.
Tom doesn't have to do that right away.
Tom doesn't have to do that right now.
Tom doesn't have to do that this week.
Tom doesn't have to do that today.
Tom doesn't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to do that until Monday.
Tom doesn't have to do that, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't have to do that, but he does.
Tom doesn't have to do that, but he should.
Tom doesn't have to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't have to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom doesn't have to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesn't have to do this alone.
Tom doesn't have to do this anymore.
Tom doesn't have to do this at all.
Tom doesn't have to do this for me.
Tom doesn't have to do this if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do this now.
Tom doesn't have to do this.
Tom doesn't have to do with everything by himself.
Tom doesn't have to dress up for work.
Tom doesn't have to drive Mary home.
Tom doesn't have to eat anything he doesn't want to eat.
Tom doesn't have to eat it if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to eat this if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to eat this.
Tom doesn't have to explain anything.
Tom doesn't have to explain everything to Mary.
Tom doesn't have to explain everything.
Tom doesn't have to explain himself to me.
Tom doesn't have to explain it to me.
Tom doesn't have to explain to you anything.
Tom doesn't have to face it alone.
Tom doesn't have to fill out these forms.
Tom doesn't have to finish what he's doing.
Tom doesn't have to finish.
Tom doesn't have to follow our rules.
Tom doesn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to get up early.
Tom doesn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to give Mary another chance.
Tom doesn't have to give me anything.
Tom doesn't have to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't have to go back home.
Tom doesn't have to go back there.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Australia until next week.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Boston until tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to go back to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to go back to school.
Tom doesn't have to go back to the hospital.
Tom doesn't have to go home early.
Tom doesn't have to go home now.
Tom doesn't have to go home.
Tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to go in there.
Tom doesn't have to go now.
Tom doesn't have to go on a diet.
Tom doesn't have to go there alone.
Tom doesn't have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't have to go there if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to go there tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to go there.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia next week.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia with me.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia with us next week.
Tom doesn't have to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston first.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next month.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston with us next week.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to go to bed early tonight.
Tom doesn't have to go to bed if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to go to bed.
Tom doesn't have to go to court tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to go to school anymore.
Tom doesn't have to go to school next Monday.
Tom doesn't have to go to school today.
Tom doesn't have to go to school tomorrow if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to go to school.
Tom doesn't have to go to the hospital.
Tom doesn't have to go to work today.
Tom doesn't have to go to work.
Tom doesn't have to go unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't have to go.
Tom doesn't have to have surgery.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary today.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to help if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't have to help me.
Tom doesn't have to help us if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to help us today.
Tom doesn't have to help.
Tom doesn't have to hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom doesn't have to hide.
Tom doesn't have to hurry.
Tom doesn't have to impress me. He needs to impress the boss.
Tom doesn't have to justify his decisions to us.
Tom doesn't have to keep doing that.
Tom doesn't have to know about any of this.
Tom doesn't have to know about it.
Tom doesn't have to know.
Tom doesn't have to learn how to do that.
Tom doesn't have to learn it.
Tom doesn't have to leave early.
Tom doesn't have to leave immediately.
Tom doesn't have to leave now, does he?
Tom doesn't have to leave now.
Tom doesn't have to leave soon.
Tom doesn't have to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom doesn't have to leave.
Tom doesn't have to let me do this.
Tom doesn't have to let me go.
Tom doesn't have to listen to Mary.
Tom doesn't have to listen to us.
Tom doesn't have to listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to live this way.
Tom doesn't have to look after Mary.
Tom doesn't have to look after his mother.
Tom doesn't have to lose weight.
Tom doesn't have to make up his mind right now.
Tom doesn't have to move out.
Tom doesn't have to move to Australia.
Tom doesn't have to move to Boston.
Tom doesn't have to pay anything.
Tom doesn't have to pay attention to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to pay for anything.
Tom doesn't have to pay for everything.
Tom doesn't have to pay his rent today.
Tom doesn't have to pay me anything.
Tom doesn't have to pay.
Tom doesn't have to pretend with me.
Tom doesn't have to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't have to prove anything to me.
Tom doesn't have to refund anything.
Tom doesn't have to say a lot.
Tom doesn't have to say anything if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to say anything.
Tom doesn't have to show Mary that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to show me anything.
Tom doesn't have to sign this document.
Tom doesn't have to sing if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to speak French at work.
Tom doesn't have to speak French for his job.
Tom doesn't have to speak to us.
Tom doesn't have to speak.
Tom doesn't have to start doing that.
Tom doesn't have to stay here with Mary.
Tom doesn't have to stay here.
Tom doesn't have to stay home to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to stay home today.
Tom doesn't have to stay if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to stay in Australia.
Tom doesn't have to stay in Boston if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't have to stay in bed.
Tom doesn't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom doesn't have to stay.
Tom doesn't have to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't have to stop what he's doing.
Tom doesn't have to study French. He can already speak it quite well.
Tom doesn't have to study hard.
Tom doesn't have to study.
Tom doesn't have to take the test again.
Tom doesn't have to talk about it if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to talk about that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to talk so loud.
Tom doesn't have to talk to me if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to talk.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary anything he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary the truth.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary what to do.
Tom doesn't have to tell me about what happened if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to tell me again.
Tom doesn't have to tell me anything he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to tell me everything.
Tom doesn't have to tell me how to do that.
Tom doesn't have to tell me what to do.
Tom doesn't have to tell me why.
Tom doesn't have to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesn't have to thank me.
Tom doesn't have to thank us.
Tom doesn't have to travel a lot for his job.
Tom doesn't have to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't have to wait for me.
Tom doesn't have to wait.
Tom doesn't have to walk to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car. Mary's already washed it.
Tom doesn't have to wear a suit and tie to work.
Tom doesn't have to wear glasses when he drives.
Tom doesn't have to work anymore.
Tom doesn't have to work late.
Tom doesn't have to work next Monday.
Tom doesn't have to work on Monday.
Tom doesn't have to work on Mondays.
Tom doesn't have to work on Sundays.
Tom doesn't have to work so hard.
Tom doesn't have to work today.
Tom doesn't have to work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to work.
Tom doesn't have to worry about Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have to worry about Mary.
Tom doesn't have to worry about anything right now.
Tom doesn't have to worry about anything.
Tom doesn't have to worry about it.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me anymore.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me.
Tom doesn't have to worry about money.
Tom doesn't have to worry about that yet.
Tom doesn't have to worry about that.
Tom doesn't have to worry about things like that.
Tom doesn't have to worry anymore.
Tom doesn't have to worry.
Tom doesn't have to worry. Nothing bad's going to happen.
Tom doesn't have very good instincts.
Tom doesn't have very many close friends.
Tom doesn't have very many friends here.
Tom doesn't have very many friends in Australia.
Tom doesn't have very many friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't have very many friends.
Tom doesn't have very many options.
Tom doesn't have very many photos of himself as a baby.
Tom doesn't have very many pictures of himself as a baby.
Tom doesn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom doesn't have very much experience.
Tom doesn't have very much money, but he gets by.
Tom doesn't have what he needs.
Tom doesn't have what he wants yet.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a good leader.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a leader.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a race car driver.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be the boss.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to make it around here.
Tom doesn't hear as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't hear very well.
Tom doesn't heed any advice from Mary.
Tom doesn't help me very often.
Tom doesn't help me with the housework.
Tom doesn't help me.
Tom doesn't help the poor.
Tom doesn't help us very often.
Tom doesn't hesitate to tell everyone what he thinks.
Tom doesn't hold a grudge.
Tom doesn't hold grudges.
Tom doesn't how to do that.
Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't hug Mary very often anymore.
Tom doesn't hunt anymore.
Tom doesn't identify as either a conservative or a liberal.
Tom doesn't impress me.
Tom doesn't innovate, but he does make good movies.
Tom doesn't intend to do that again.
Tom doesn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't intend to do that.
Tom doesn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't intend to give up.
Tom doesn't intend to go by himself.
Tom doesn't intend to go.
Tom doesn't just appear at the invocation of his name. Oh, hi, Tom.
Tom doesn't just deal with problems over his race and ethnicity, but also over his disability.
Tom doesn't just have a wife and a child; he also has a mistress and a mistress on the mistress.
Tom doesn't just have a wife and a child; he also has a mistress he's keeping secret from them, and a mistress he's keeping secret from the mistress.
Tom doesn't keep his promises.
Tom doesn't keep his room very clean.
Tom doesn't keep his room very tidy.
Tom doesn't keep to the subject.
Tom doesn't kill animals.
Tom doesn't kiss Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't kiss nearly as well as you do.
Tom doesn't know Australia very well.
Tom doesn't know Boston very well.
Tom doesn't know Boston well.
Tom doesn't know French at all.
Tom doesn't know French well enough to do that job.
Tom doesn't know French.
Tom doesn't know I can't do that.
Tom doesn't know I don't have to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I don't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know I don't like him.
Tom doesn't know I don't need to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I don't often do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know I don't often do that.
Tom doesn't know I don't want to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I exist.
Tom doesn't know I hardly ever do that.
Tom doesn't know I hate Mary.
Tom doesn't know I hate him.
Tom doesn't know I have a cat.
Tom doesn't know I have three cats.
Tom doesn't know I have to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I know.
Tom doesn't know I like Mary.
Tom doesn't know I like him.
Tom doesn't know I like romance movies.
Tom doesn't know I need to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I spoke to you about that.
Tom doesn't know I spoke to you.
Tom doesn't know I still have this.
Tom doesn't know I think he's stupid.
Tom doesn't know I want to do that today.
Tom doesn't know I want to do that.
Tom doesn't know I wish he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know I wish he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know I wish that he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know I wish that he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know I won't do that.
Tom doesn't know I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I'm Mary's boyfriend.
Tom doesn't know I'm Mary's brother.
Tom doesn't know I'm alive.
Tom doesn't know I'm here.
Tom doesn't know I'm hungry.
Tom doesn't know I'm not Canadian.
Tom doesn't know I've never done that.
Tom doesn't know Mary all that well.
Tom doesn't know Mary as well as I do.
Tom doesn't know Mary as well as he thinks he does.
Tom doesn't know Mary as well as we do.
Tom doesn't know Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know Mary can speak French.
Tom doesn't know Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't know Mary can't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary didn't win.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't know Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't know Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary hasn't been very happy here.
Tom doesn't know Mary hates him.
Tom doesn't know Mary hates me.
Tom doesn't know Mary is Canadian.
Tom doesn't know Mary is a Canadian.
Tom doesn't know Mary is crazy.
Tom doesn't know Mary is here.
Tom doesn't know Mary is hungry.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in Australia.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in Boston.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in love with somebody else.
Tom doesn't know Mary is in love with someone else.
Tom doesn't know Mary is married.
Tom doesn't know Mary is pregnant.
Tom doesn't know Mary is still a high school student.
Tom doesn't know Mary is the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know Mary is unhappy.
Tom doesn't know Mary is upset.
Tom doesn't know Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom doesn't know Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom doesn't know Mary knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary lied.
Tom doesn't know Mary likes me.
Tom doesn't know Mary lives here.
Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that today.
Tom doesn't know Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
Tom doesn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary that well.
Tom doesn't know Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom doesn't know Mary used to be married to John.
Tom doesn't know Mary very well.
Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that today.
Tom doesn't know Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her for help.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know she won't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know that she won't do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary well enough to know what she'll do.
Tom doesn't know Mary will be at his birthday party.
Tom doesn't know Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom doesn't know Mary won.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address yet.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address.
Tom doesn't know Mary's boyfriend's name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's children.
Tom doesn't know Mary's family.
Tom doesn't know Mary's full name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's kids.
Tom doesn't know Mary's last name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's parents.
Tom doesn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary's shoe size.
Tom doesn't know Mary's sister's name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's telephone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary, but he'd like to meet her.
Tom doesn't know Mary.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Australia.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Boston.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Mary.
Tom doesn't know a lot about animals.
Tom doesn't know a lot about birds.
Tom doesn't know a lot about cars.
Tom doesn't know a lot about classical music.
Tom doesn't know a lot about music.
Tom doesn't know a lot of languages.
Tom doesn't know a lot yet.
Tom doesn't know a lot.
Tom doesn't know a thing about cooking.
Tom doesn't know a thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about investing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about it.
Tom doesn't know a thing about me.
Tom doesn't know a whole lot about racing.
Tom doesn't know about Mary's death yet.
Tom doesn't know about Mary's relationship with John.
Tom doesn't know about Mary.
Tom doesn't know about it yet.
Tom doesn't know about my feelings.
Tom doesn't know about this yet.
Tom doesn't know about this.
Tom doesn't know about those kinds of things.
Tom doesn't know about us.
Tom doesn't know all the facts.
Tom doesn't know all the rules yet.
Tom doesn't know all the rules.
Tom doesn't know any French.
Tom doesn't know any better.
Tom doesn't know any obstacles.
Tom doesn't know any of Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't know any of his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know any of the details yet.
Tom doesn't know any of us.
Tom doesn't know any other way to do that.
Tom doesn't know anybody here.
Tom doesn't know anybody in Australia.
Tom doesn't know anybody in Boston.
Tom doesn't know anybody who can do that.
Tom doesn't know anybody who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't know anybody who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone at our school.
Tom doesn't know anyone here.
Tom doesn't know anyone in Australia.
Tom doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Tom doesn't know anyone named Mary.
Tom doesn't know anyone there.
Tom doesn't know anyone who can do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone who does that better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't know anyone who is able to do that.
Tom doesn't know anyone.
Tom doesn't know anything about Australia.
Tom doesn't know anything about Boston.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's family.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's past.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary, other than her name.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary.
Tom doesn't know anything about art.
Tom doesn't know anything about astronomy.
Tom doesn't know anything about badminton.
Tom doesn't know anything about cars.
Tom doesn't know anything about classical music.
Tom doesn't know anything about computer programming.
Tom doesn't know anything about computers.
Tom doesn't know anything about electronics.
Tom doesn't know anything about fishing.
Tom doesn't know anything about horses.
Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Tom doesn't know anything about me.
Tom doesn't know anything about opera.
Tom doesn't know anything about politics.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising chickens.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising children.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising rabbits.
Tom doesn't know anything about that.
Tom doesn't know anything about the plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about the situation.
Tom doesn't know anything about this, does he?
Tom doesn't know anything about this.
Tom doesn't know anything about us.
Tom doesn't know anything about what happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about wolves.
Tom doesn't know anything yet.
Tom doesn't know anything.
Tom doesn't know as many people here as I do.
Tom doesn't know as much about this as I do.
Tom doesn't know either Mary or John.
Tom doesn't know either Mary or her sister.
Tom doesn't know either of us.
Tom doesn't know either.
Tom doesn't know every trick in the book.
Tom doesn't know everyone's name yet.
Tom doesn't know everyone's name.
Tom doesn't know everything about me.
Tom doesn't know everything.
Tom doesn't know exactly how much it'll cost.
Tom doesn't know exactly how that happened.
Tom doesn't know exactly how to do that.
Tom doesn't know exactly how to explain it.
Tom doesn't know exactly what has to be done.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he has to do.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he ought to do.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't know exactly what he should do.
Tom doesn't know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't know exactly what time Mary's train pulled out of the station.
Tom doesn't know exactly when Mary will get home.
Tom doesn't know exactly where Mary is.
Tom doesn't know exactly where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know exactly where he was born, but he knows he was born in Australia.
Tom doesn't know for certain what Mary is going to do.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will arrive.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know for certain who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom doesn't know for sure when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know he has to do that today.
Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be fired.
Tom doesn't know he isn't likely to be punished.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't know he isn't supposed to park there.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that again.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that here.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't know he shouldn't try to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that again.
Tom doesn't know he'll never be able to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's adopted.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be arrested.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be fired.
Tom doesn't know he's going to be punished.
Tom doesn't know he's got to do that today.
Tom doesn't know he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be fired.
Tom doesn't know he's not likely to be punished.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that again.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't know he's not supposed to park there.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom doesn't know he's supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't know his birthdate.
Tom doesn't know his classmates well.
Tom doesn't know his date of birth.
Tom doesn't know his exact date of birth.
Tom doesn't know his father.
Tom doesn't know his lines.
Tom doesn't know his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know his own strength.
Tom doesn't know his place.
Tom doesn't know his way around Boston.
Tom doesn't know his way around town.
Tom doesn't know how I did that.
Tom doesn't know how I feel.
Tom doesn't know how Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary died.
Tom doesn't know how Mary does that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary feels about that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary feels.
Tom doesn't know how Mary got injured.
Tom doesn't know how Mary managed to do that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary was able to afford a new car.
Tom doesn't know how Mary was able to do that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will get to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.
Tom doesn't know how computers work.
Tom doesn't know how deep the pool is.
Tom doesn't know how good a cook Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how he should do that.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that yet.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't know how he's going to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom doesn't know how it happened.
Tom doesn't know how long he'll have to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know how long he'll need to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't know how long he's going to stay with us.
Tom doesn't know how long the meeting will last.
Tom doesn't know how long the party is going to last.
Tom doesn't know how long the party will last.
Tom doesn't know how lucky he is.
Tom doesn't know how much I love him.
Tom doesn't know how much I spent on this.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary weighs.
Tom doesn't know how much he drank.
Tom doesn't know how much it will cost.
Tom doesn't know how much it'll cost.
Tom doesn't know how much money I spent on this.
Tom doesn't know how much money Mary makes.
Tom doesn't know how much money was stolen.
Tom doesn't know how much money was taken.
Tom doesn't know how much the ticket will cost.
Tom doesn't know how much time I spent on this.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will have to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will need to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll have to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time he'll need.
Tom doesn't know how much time he's going to spend with us.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
Tom doesn't know how much we need his help.
Tom doesn't know how old Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how old he is.
Tom doesn't know how rich I am.
Tom doesn't know how rich Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how rich Mary was.
Tom doesn't know how sick Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how sick Mary really is.
Tom doesn't know how sick he really is.
Tom doesn't know how strong you are.
Tom doesn't know how tall Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how the computer works.
Tom doesn't know how things turned out this way.
Tom doesn't know how to act.
Tom doesn't know how to add.
Tom doesn't know how to apologize in French.
Tom doesn't know how to apply L'Hpital's rule to find limits.
Tom doesn't know how to ask for help.
Tom doesn't know how to be quiet.
Tom doesn't know how to boil water.
Tom doesn't know how to brush his teeth yet.
Tom doesn't know how to cook noodles.
Tom doesn't know how to cook pasta.
Tom doesn't know how to cook very well.
Tom doesn't know how to cook.
Tom doesn't know how to dance without feeling embarrassed.
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
Tom doesn't know how to deal with people like Mary.
Tom doesn't know how to deal with people.
Tom doesn't know how to do a handstand.
Tom doesn't know how to do it.
Tom doesn't know how to do that as well as most people do.
Tom doesn't know how to do that yet.
Tom doesn't know how to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to do the crawl.
Tom doesn't know how to do this.
Tom doesn't know how to do what you've asked him to do.
Tom doesn't know how to dribble a ball.
Tom doesn't know how to drive a car.
Tom doesn't know how to drive a manual.
Tom doesn't know how to drive.
Tom doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom doesn't know how to enjoy life.
Tom doesn't know how to explain how he did that.
Tom doesn't know how to explain it.
Tom doesn't know how to explain what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't know how to express his feelings.
Tom doesn't know how to fight.
Tom doesn't know how to fry fish.
Tom doesn't know how to get a hold of me.
Tom doesn't know how to get out of the mess he's in.
Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's house.
Tom doesn't know how to get to my place.
Tom doesn't know how to handle children.
Tom doesn't know how to have a good time.
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.
Tom doesn't know how to hide his emotions.
Tom doesn't know how to ice skate.
Tom doesn't know how to make a cheesecake.
Tom doesn't know how to make pizza.
Tom doesn't know how to make spaghetti.
Tom doesn't know how to milk a cow.
Tom doesn't know how to milk a goat.
Tom doesn't know how to park.
Tom doesn't know how to play chess.
Tom doesn't know how to play golf.
Tom doesn't know how to play guitar.
Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
Tom doesn't know how to play poker.
Tom doesn't know how to play tennis.
Tom doesn't know how to play the bass guitar.
Tom doesn't know how to play the mandolin.
Tom doesn't know how to play the piano.
Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
Tom doesn't know how to pronounce my name properly.
Tom doesn't know how to put on his own pants.
Tom doesn't know how to read music.
Tom doesn't know how to read or write.
Tom doesn't know how to read yet.
Tom doesn't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Tom doesn't know how to relax and just enjoy life.
Tom doesn't know how to relax.
Tom doesn't know how to reply.
Tom doesn't know how to ride a bike.
Tom doesn't know how to ride a horse.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in English.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in French.
Tom doesn't know how to sit still.
Tom doesn't know how to skate.
Tom doesn't know how to ski.
Tom doesn't know how to snowboard.
Tom doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French as well as I do.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French properly.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French well.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom doesn't know how to speak to children.
Tom doesn't know how to start a campfire.
Tom doesn't know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't know how to take a hint.
Tom doesn't know how to take care of his children.
Tom doesn't know how to take pictures.
Tom doesn't know how to talk to girls.
Tom doesn't know how to throw a party.
Tom doesn't know how to tie a bow tie.
Tom doesn't know how to tie a tie.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his own tie.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoelaces.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
Tom doesn't know how to translate this.
Tom doesn't know how to treat his employees properly.
Tom doesn't know how to use a compass.
Tom doesn't know how to use a computer.
Tom doesn't know how to use a fire extinguisher.
Tom doesn't know how to use a gun.
Tom doesn't know how to use a snorkel.
Tom doesn't know how to use the computer.
Tom doesn't know how to use the washing machine.
Tom doesn't know how to waterski.
Tom doesn't know how to write a love letter in French.
Tom doesn't know how to write with the computer.
Tom doesn't know how worried I am.
Tom doesn't know how worried Mary is.
Tom doesn't know if Mary can do that or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is alone or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is busy or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is coming or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is doing that or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes pumpkin pie or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary remembers him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to go with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go camping with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go to the mountains or to the beach.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go with him tomorrow or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if he can do what you're asking him to do.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough money to buy school supplies.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has time to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he should accept the job or not.
Tom doesn't know if he will come or not.
Tom doesn't know if he'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom doesn't know if he'll come or not.
Tom doesn't know if he'll do that or not.
Tom doesn't know if it is true or not.
Tom doesn't know it yet, but Mary plans to ask him for a divorce.
Tom doesn't know it yet, but he's going to get laid off.
Tom doesn't know it yet.
Tom doesn't know it's Mary's birthday today.
Tom doesn't know it's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know it's my birthday today.
Tom doesn't know many people here.
Tom doesn't know many people in Boston.
Tom doesn't know me at all.
Tom doesn't know me very well.
Tom doesn't know me.
Tom doesn't know most of his classmates.
Tom doesn't know much about Australia.
Tom doesn't know much about Boston.
Tom doesn't know much about Indonesia.
Tom doesn't know much about Mary's family.
Tom doesn't know much about Mary.
Tom doesn't know much about art.
Tom doesn't know much about baseball.
Tom doesn't know much about birds.
Tom doesn't know much about camping.
Tom doesn't know much about cars.
Tom doesn't know much about classical music.
Tom doesn't know much about fishing.
Tom doesn't know much about guns.
Tom doesn't know much about his family history on his mother's side.
Tom doesn't know much about his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know much about his neighbours.
Tom doesn't know much about it.
Tom doesn't know much about me.
Tom doesn't know much about music.
Tom doesn't know much about plumbing.
Tom doesn't know much about pottery.
Tom doesn't know much about sailing, does he?
Tom doesn't know much about sports.
Tom doesn't know much about tennis.
Tom doesn't know much about that.
Tom doesn't know much about us.
Tom doesn't know much either.
Tom doesn't know much yet.
Tom doesn't know much.
Tom doesn't know my name.
Tom doesn't know precisely where he was born.
Tom doesn't know squat about Mary.
Tom doesn't know that I am here.
Tom doesn't know that I can't do that.
Tom doesn't know that I don't have to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I don't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know that I don't like him.
Tom doesn't know that I don't need to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that anymore.
Tom doesn't know that I don't often do that.
Tom doesn't know that I don't want to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I exist.
Tom doesn't know that I hardly ever do that.
Tom doesn't know that I hate him.
Tom doesn't know that I have a cat.
Tom doesn't know that I have three cats.
Tom doesn't know that I have to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I know.
Tom doesn't know that I like him.
Tom doesn't know that I like romance movies.
Tom doesn't know that I live here.
Tom doesn't know that I need to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I spoke to you about that.
Tom doesn't know that I spoke to you.
Tom doesn't know that I still have this.
Tom doesn't know that I think he's stupid.
Tom doesn't know that I want to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that I want to do that.
Tom doesn't know that I wish he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know that I wish he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know that I wish that he'd go home.
Tom doesn't know that I wish that he'd leave.
Tom doesn't know that I won't do that.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Mary's boyfriend.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Mary's brother.
Tom doesn't know that I'm alive.
Tom doesn't know that I'm here.
Tom doesn't know that I'm hungry.
Tom doesn't know that I'm not Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that I've never done that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary can't do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary didn't win.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't know that Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary has spent time in prison.
Tom doesn't know that Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary hates him.
Tom doesn't know that Mary hates me.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is a Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is crazy.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is here.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is hungry.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with somebody else.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with someone else.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is married.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is pregnant.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is still a high school student.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is unhappy.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is upset.
Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't Canadian.
Tom doesn't know that Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary likes me.
Tom doesn't know that Mary lives here.
Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that before 2:30.
Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary thinks he's stupid.
Tom doesn't know that Mary used to be married to John.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that today.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom doesn't know that Mary will be at his birthday party.
Tom doesn't know that he's adopted.
Tom doesn't know that he's going to be fired.
Tom doesn't know that he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't know that it's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know that much about art.
Tom doesn't know that much about baseball.
Tom doesn't know that now isn't the time to do that.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom doesn't know that that won't happen today.
Tom doesn't know that today's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know that we're having a party.
Tom doesn't know that what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom doesn't know that won't happen today.
Tom doesn't know that yet.
Tom doesn't know that you have a car.
Tom doesn't know that you have a dog.
Tom doesn't know that you were helping me.
Tom doesn't know that you were here.
Tom doesn't know that you're here, does he?
Tom doesn't know that you're here.
Tom doesn't know that.
Tom doesn't know the answer yet.
Tom doesn't know the answer.
Tom doesn't know the boy talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't know the child who's talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't know the details.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Bohemia and Czechia.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Easter and Christmas.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Europe and the European Union.
Tom doesn't know the difference between God and the Devil.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Holy Week and Christmas.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Israel and Palestine.
Tom doesn't know the difference between January and a jaguar.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Monaco and Munich.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Putin and Stalin.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Rome and the Roman Empire.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Russia and the USSR.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Turkey and Turkmenistan.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Vikings and Norwegians.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a Roma and a Hungarian.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a brook and a river.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a city and a village.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a conflict of opinions and a quarrel.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a diamond and an emerald.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a fable and a fairytale.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a grenade and a pomegranate.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a house and a shack.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a magazine and a newspaper.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a million and a billion.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a mule and a donkey.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a pope and an Orthodox priest.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a razor and a cell phone.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a river and a canal.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a star and a planet.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a stream and a river.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a truth and a lie.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a virus and a bacteria.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a wolf and a fox.
Tom doesn't know the difference between affection and love.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an Austrian and a German.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an adjective and an adverb.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an original and a fake.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an original and a forgery.
Tom doesn't know the difference between astronomy and astrology.
Tom doesn't know the difference between climax and climacteric.
Tom doesn't know the difference between ecumenism and communism.
Tom doesn't know the difference between familiar and tactless.
Tom doesn't know the difference between geography and geology.
Tom doesn't know the difference between glass and crystal.
Tom doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
Tom doesn't know the difference between gypsies and Hungarians.
Tom doesn't know the difference between linen and wool.
Tom doesn't know the difference between meticulous and pedantic.
Tom doesn't know the difference between murder and manslaughter.
Tom doesn't know the difference between order and a system.
Tom doesn't know the difference between passion and hysteria.
Tom doesn't know the difference between patriotism and chauvinism.
Tom doesn't know the difference between pie and cake.
Tom doesn't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
Tom doesn't know the difference between reality and imagination.
Tom doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
Tom doesn't know the difference between sausage and cheese.
Tom doesn't know the difference between some rice and a pea.
Tom doesn't know the difference between terror and terrorism.
Tom doesn't know the difference between the "United States" and "America".
Tom doesn't know the difference between the UN and UNESCO.
Tom doesn't know the difference between the truth and a lie.
Tom doesn't know the difference between thin and scrawny.
Tom doesn't know the difference between truth and lies.
Tom doesn't know the difference between wine and champagne.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about Boston.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about bowling.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about me.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about programming.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about synchronized swimming.
Tom doesn't know the half of it.
Tom doesn't know the reason Mary is absent today.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary isn't coming.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Australia.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know the reason, but he does know that there is a reason.
Tom doesn't know the reason.
Tom doesn't know the rules yet.
Tom doesn't know the rules.
Tom doesn't know the system.
Tom doesn't know the truth yet.
Tom doesn't know the truth.
Tom doesn't know the value of education.
Tom doesn't know the value of money.
Tom doesn't know the whole story.
Tom doesn't know the whole truth yet.
Tom doesn't know the whole truth, but still maintains that I'm probably wrong.
Tom doesn't know the whole truth.
Tom doesn't know there's still work to do.
Tom doesn't know there's work to do.
Tom doesn't know this area as well as I do.
Tom doesn't know this is a tough situation.
Tom doesn't know this yet.
Tom doesn't know this.
Tom doesn't know today's Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't know too much.
Tom doesn't know us very well.
Tom doesn't know us.
Tom doesn't know very many of his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know very much about Australia.
Tom doesn't know very much about me.
Tom doesn't know very much about racing.
Tom doesn't know we're here.
Tom doesn't know what I did.
Tom doesn't know what I do.
Tom doesn't know what I know.
Tom doesn't know what I want to do.
Tom doesn't know what I want.
Tom doesn't know what I'm going to do.
Tom doesn't know what I'm planning to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary can do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary did last night.
Tom doesn't know what Mary did.
Tom doesn't know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't know what Mary does.
Tom doesn't know what Mary expects from him.
Tom doesn't know what Mary expects him to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has been doing.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary hopes he does.
Tom doesn't know what Mary intends to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is capable of.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is going to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is like.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is planning to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is trying to accomplish.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary likes.
Tom doesn't know what Mary looks like.
Tom doesn't know what Mary means when she says that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary meant.
Tom doesn't know what Mary might be thinking.
Tom doesn't know what Mary needs to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary plans to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary should do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary thinks he should do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary told John.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy her for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to say.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to buy.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat for dinner.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't know what Mary was going to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary will do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary would like him to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's doing now.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's shoe size is.
Tom doesn't know what a star is and what a celestial body is.
Tom doesn't know what a star is, nor what a celestial body is.
Tom doesn't know what actually happened.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she did her A-levels.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she finished her A-levels.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she graduated from high school.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she sat her A-levels.
Tom doesn't know what boredom is.
Tom doesn't know what color to choose.
Tom doesn't know what distinguishes a brook from a river.
Tom doesn't know what else to do.
Tom doesn't know what got into Mary.
Tom doesn't know what happened because he wasn't there.
Tom doesn't know what happened to Mary.
Tom doesn't know what happened yesterday.
Tom doesn't know what happened, does he?
Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom doesn't know what has to be done.
Tom doesn't know what he did to make Maria so angry.
Tom doesn't know what he did to make Mary so angry.
Tom doesn't know what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't know what he has to buy.
Tom doesn't know what he has to do yet.
Tom doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to buy.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to do yet.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't know what he ought to do.
Tom doesn't know what he really wants.
Tom doesn't know what he should be doing.
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.
Tom doesn't know what he should do yet.
Tom doesn't know what he should do.
Tom doesn't know what he wants for his birthday.
Tom doesn't know what he wants to do.
Tom doesn't know what he wants.
Tom doesn't know what he'd do without Mary.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do yet.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't know what he's about to do.
Tom doesn't know what he's doing out there.
Tom doesn't know what he's doing, does he?
Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Tom doesn't know what he's going to do yet.
Tom doesn't know what he's going to do.
Tom doesn't know what he's gotten himself into.
Tom doesn't know what he's lost.
Tom doesn't know what he's missing.
Tom doesn't know what he's saying.
Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
Tom doesn't know what it means.
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be in love.
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be poor.
Tom doesn't know what kind of person Mary is.
Tom doesn't know what love is.
Tom doesn't know what made him do that.
Tom doesn't know what made him think he could do that.
Tom doesn't know what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't know what part of Australia Mary is from.
Tom doesn't know what plan Mary will choose.
Tom doesn't know what politeness is.
Tom doesn't know what possessed Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't know what tap water tastes like; he only ever drinks mineral water.
Tom doesn't know what that is.
Tom doesn't know what the difference is between astronomy and astrology.
Tom doesn't know what the homework assignment is.
Tom doesn't know what this is called in English.
Tom doesn't know what this is called in French.
Tom doesn't know what this is.
Tom doesn't know what this is. Do you?
Tom doesn't know what time he's supposed to be there.
Tom doesn't know what time it is.
Tom doesn't know what to believe.
Tom doesn't know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what to do about it.
Tom doesn't know what to do anymore.
Tom doesn't know what to do either.
Tom doesn't know what to do first.
Tom doesn't know what to do next.
Tom doesn't know what to do now.
Tom doesn't know what to do with all his money.
Tom doesn't know what to do with his money. He has so much of it.
Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom doesn't know what to expect around here.
Tom doesn't know what to expect.
Tom doesn't know what to feed Mary's dog.
Tom doesn't know what to make of all this.
Tom doesn't know what to make of this.
Tom doesn't know what to order.
Tom doesn't know what to say to make Mary feel better.
Tom doesn't know what to say.
Tom doesn't know what to think.
Tom doesn't know what to wear.
Tom doesn't know what we did.
Tom doesn't know what went wrong.
Tom doesn't know what you want.
Tom doesn't know what you're looking for.
Tom doesn't know what you're planning to do.
Tom doesn't know what you've done.
Tom doesn't know what'll happen to him.
Tom doesn't know what'll happen.
Tom doesn't know what's been happening here.
Tom doesn't know what's bothering Mary.
Tom doesn't know what's going on, but he'll find out.
Tom doesn't know what's going on.
Tom doesn't know what's going to happen.
Tom doesn't know what's in store for him.
Tom doesn't know what's in there.
Tom doesn't know what's in this box.
Tom doesn't know what's really going on.
Tom doesn't know what's wrong with Mary.
Tom doesn't know when Mary came to Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary came to Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary can come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got back from Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got back from Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got married.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is leaving Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is supposed to come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary left.
Tom doesn't know when Mary was born.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will arrive.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come back.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave for Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave for Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will visit Australia.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will visit Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary's birthday is.
Tom doesn't know when he is well off.
Tom doesn't know when he's supposed to be there.
Tom doesn't know when it happened.
Tom doesn't know when it'll happen, but he's pretty sure that it will happen.
Tom doesn't know when the meeting starts.
Tom doesn't know when to keep quiet.
Tom doesn't know when to quit.
Tom doesn't know when to shut up.
Tom doesn't know where I am.
Tom doesn't know where I live.
Tom doesn't know where I went.
Tom doesn't know where I work.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are going for their honeymoon.
Tom doesn't know where John and Mary are planning to go for their honeymoon.
Tom doesn't know where Mary and John are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her computer.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom doesn't know where Mary buys her groceries.
Tom doesn't know where Mary comes from.
Tom doesn't know where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary goes to school.
Tom doesn't know where Mary graduated from.
Tom doesn't know where Mary has gone.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is from.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is going to be this afternoon.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is going.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on going.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on staying.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to go.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to stay.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is right now.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom doesn't know where Mary learned how to drive.
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know where Mary parked her car.
Tom doesn't know where Mary parked the car.
Tom doesn't know where Mary put her suitcases.
Tom doesn't know where Mary studied French.
Tom doesn't know where Mary studies French.
Tom doesn't know where Mary used to live.
Tom doesn't know where Mary usually goes shopping.
Tom doesn't know where Mary usually goes skiing.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to plant the lettuce.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants him to put her suitcases.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to eat.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to go.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to live.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to spend her summer vacation.
Tom doesn't know where Mary was born.
Tom doesn't know where Mary went to school.
Tom doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom doesn't know where Mary works.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's French textbook is.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's gloves are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's keys are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's shoes are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's ski gloves are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's socks are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's sunglasses are.
Tom doesn't know where Mary's umbrella is.
Tom doesn't know where he belongs.
Tom doesn't know where he is most of the time.
Tom doesn't know where he is.
Tom doesn't know where he needs to be this afternoon.
Tom doesn't know where he should be.
Tom doesn't know where he should go.
Tom doesn't know where he should park.
Tom doesn't know where he wants to go.
Tom doesn't know where he was born, but his mother told me that he was born in Boston.
Tom doesn't know where he was born.
Tom doesn't know where he'll be living next year.
Tom doesn't know where he'll live next year.
Tom doesn't know where he's going to do that.
Tom doesn't know where he's going to live next year.
Tom doesn't know where he's going.
Tom doesn't know where he's supposed to be.
Tom doesn't know where his French textbook is.
Tom doesn't know where his gloves are.
Tom doesn't know where his keys are.
Tom doesn't know where his life is heading.
Tom doesn't know where his passport is.
Tom doesn't know where his phone is.
Tom doesn't know where his shoes are.
Tom doesn't know where his ski gloves are.
Tom doesn't know where his socks are.
Tom doesn't know where his sunglasses are.
Tom doesn't know where his umbrella is.
Tom doesn't know where his wallet is.
Tom doesn't know where it came from.
Tom doesn't know where it is.
Tom doesn't know where to begin.
Tom doesn't know where to go.
Tom doesn't know where to look for Mary.
Tom doesn't know where to look.
Tom doesn't know where to put that.
Tom doesn't know where to sit.
Tom doesn't know where to start.
Tom doesn't know where to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know where we are now.
Tom doesn't know where we are.
Tom doesn't know where we live.
Tom doesn't know where we went.
Tom doesn't know where.
Tom doesn't know whether I have to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether I need to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can cook well or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can drive or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can sing well or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can speak French or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can swim or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary has to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary intended to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is a Canadian or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is alone or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is busy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at French or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at chess or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at doing that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is good at swimming or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is hungry or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is intending to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is sleepy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is thirsty or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is tired or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is younger or older than he is.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes dogs or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary needs to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to go with us or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary wants to go with us.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will agree to go or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will ever forgive him.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do it, but he'll give it a try.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that, but he says he'll try.
Tom doesn't know whether he has to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he needs to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he should go to the party or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he should take on the job or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll have time to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's new or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's true or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's truth or not.
Tom doesn't know whether the concert went well or not.
Tom doesn't know whether to accept or to refuse Mary's offer.
Tom doesn't know whether to believe Mary or not.
Tom doesn't know whether to do that or not.
Tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right.
Tom doesn't know whether what Mary says is true or not.
Tom doesn't know which button to push.
Tom doesn't know which color to choose.
Tom doesn't know which colour to choose.
Tom doesn't know which one to choose.
Tom doesn't know which way to go.
Tom doesn't know who I am.
Tom doesn't know who Mary has decided to give her old guitar to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to Australia with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to Boston with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to go to Australia with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is going to go to Boston with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on giving that to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on staying with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to do that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to give that to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go to the prom with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to stay with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom doesn't know who Mary thought was going to win the race.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to do that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to give the bottle of wine to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to go to the dance with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary went to the party with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary went to the zoo with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom doesn't know who Mary's father is.
Tom doesn't know who Mary's parents are.
Tom doesn't know who Rapunzel is, while Maria does.
Tom doesn't know who baked the cake.
Tom doesn't know who built his house.
Tom doesn't know who can do that and who can't.
Tom doesn't know who can sing well and who can't.
Tom doesn't know who can swim and who can't.
Tom doesn't know who cried.
Tom doesn't know who did it.
Tom doesn't know who did that to Mary.
Tom doesn't know who did that, does he?
Tom doesn't know who did that.
Tom doesn't know who has to do that.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask for advice.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him do that.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him figure out his taxes.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask to help him.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask.
Tom doesn't know who he's messing with.
Tom doesn't know who his biological parents are.
Tom doesn't know who his mother is.
Tom doesn't know who needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know who painted that painting.
Tom doesn't know who painted that picture.
Tom doesn't know who shot Mary.
Tom doesn't know who shot him.
Tom doesn't know who stabbed him.
Tom doesn't know who started the rumor.
Tom doesn't know who stole his bicycle.
Tom doesn't know who stole his car.
Tom doesn't know who taught Mary French.
Tom doesn't know who the mayor is.
Tom doesn't know who the president is.
Tom doesn't know who to ask.
Tom doesn't know who to believe: John or Mary.
Tom doesn't know who to blame.
Tom doesn't know who to turn to.
Tom doesn't know who took his umbrella.
Tom doesn't know who wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know who we are.
Tom doesn't know who won.
Tom doesn't know who wrote the graffiti on the wall.
Tom doesn't know who's going to be at the meeting.
Tom doesn't know who's going to do that.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help Mary.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help him.
Tom doesn't know who's going to win.
Tom doesn't know who's living in the house next to his.
Tom doesn't know who's who.
Tom doesn't know why I called you.
Tom doesn't know why I did that.
Tom doesn't know why I didn't do that.
Tom doesn't know why I didn't win.
Tom doesn't know why I'm here yet.
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.
Tom doesn't know why I'm scared.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and I are here.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are arguing.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are fighting.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John broke up.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like each other.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John don't like him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John hate each other.
Tom doesn't know why Mary called him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary called the police.
Tom doesn't know why Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary did what she did.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to school today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to the party.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want him to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't win.
Tom doesn't know why Mary does that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like his friends.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him at her party.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want him to help her.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want me to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of college.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of school.
Tom doesn't know why Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary hates him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid of him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is afraid.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is crying.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is here.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is ignoring him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is in a bad mood today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is in the hospital.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is mad at him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on going to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is planning to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is scared of him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is scared.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is unhappy.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't at school.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't happy.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't here today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't here.
Tom doesn't know why Mary kept doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.
Tom doesn't know why Mary let you do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary quit her job.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted him to leave.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Australia with her.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to go to Boston with her.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to leave.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to meet her in the park.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants me to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was arrested.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was crying.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was fired.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was in a bad mood today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was late.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wasn't at his party.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wasn't at school.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to the hospital.
Tom doesn't know why Mary would do that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary would want to do that.
Tom doesn't know why he's getting another chance.
Tom doesn't know why he's here.
Tom doesn't know why his boss wants him to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't know why his boss wants him to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't know why it happened.
Tom doesn't know why that happened.
Tom doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom doesn't know why you did that.
Tom doesn't know why you didn't do that.
Tom doesn't know why you didn't win.
Tom doesn't know why you want me to do that.
Tom doesn't know why.
Tom doesn't know yet about this.
Tom doesn't know yet that I am pregnant.
Tom doesn't know yet.
Tom doesn't know you as well as I do.
Tom doesn't know you have a car.
Tom doesn't know you have a dog.
Tom doesn't know you were helping me.
Tom doesn't know you were here.
Tom doesn't know you're here, does he?
Tom doesn't know you're here.
Tom doesn't know you're ill.
Tom doesn't know you're sick.
Tom doesn't know you.
Tom doesn't know, and neither do I.
Tom doesn't know, and we're going to keep it that way.
Tom doesn't know, but I think he suspects.
Tom doesn't know.
Tom doesn't lack courage.
Tom doesn't laugh as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't laugh as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't laugh as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't laugh at all.
Tom doesn't laugh very often.
Tom doesn't learn from his mistakes.
Tom doesn't leave his house very often.
Tom doesn't leave his house.
Tom doesn't leave the house anymore.
Tom doesn't leave the house very often.
Tom doesn't leave the house without his dog.
Tom doesn't leave the house.
Tom doesn't let Mary do that.
Tom doesn't let Mary drive his car.
Tom doesn't let Mary drive.
Tom doesn't let Mary get near him.
Tom doesn't let Mary go shopping by herself.
Tom doesn't let Mary speak French.
Tom doesn't let Mary watch TV after 10:00 p.m.
Tom doesn't let anybody drive his car.
Tom doesn't let anybody help him.
Tom doesn't let anyone drive his car.
Tom doesn't let anyone help him.
Tom doesn't let anyone touch him.
Tom doesn't let his children do that.
Tom doesn't let his children drink wine.
Tom doesn't let his children speak French at home.
Tom doesn't let his children watch TV until after they've done their homework.
Tom doesn't let his children watch TV.
Tom doesn't let his dog in his house.
Tom doesn't let his kids do that.
Tom doesn't let his kids play outside after dark.
Tom doesn't let his stutter get in the way of making his voice heard.
Tom doesn't let his wife drive.
Tom doesn't let me do anything.
Tom doesn't let me speak French.
Tom doesn't let people into his house.
Tom doesn't let people pet his dog.
Tom doesn't lie.
Tom doesn't light candles in his room.
Tom doesn't like Apple products.
Tom doesn't like Australia and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like Australia and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't like Australia at all.
Tom doesn't like Australia much.
Tom doesn't like Australia very much.
Tom doesn't like Australia.
Tom doesn't like Becherovka, but who cares?
Tom doesn't like Boston and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like Boston and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't like Boston at all.
Tom doesn't like Boston much.
Tom doesn't like Boston very much.
Tom doesn't like Boston.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food at all.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food very much.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
Tom doesn't like Christmas music.
Tom doesn't like French.
Tom doesn't like German food.
Tom doesn't like Hawaiian pizza.
Tom doesn't like Irish coffee.
Tom doesn't like Mary and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't like Mary at all.
Tom doesn't like Mary calling him at work.
Tom doesn't like Mary doing that.
Tom doesn't like Mary either.
Tom doesn't like Mary for some reason.
Tom doesn't like Mary much.
Tom doesn't like Mary telling him what to do.
Tom doesn't like Mary that much.
Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Tom doesn't like Mary's attitude.
Tom doesn't like Mary's boyfriend.
Tom doesn't like Mary's cats.
Tom doesn't like Mary's dog.
Tom doesn't like Mary's family.
Tom doesn't like Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't like Mary's idea very much.
Tom doesn't like Mary's living there alone.
Tom doesn't like Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom doesn't like Mary's sense of humor.
Tom doesn't like Mary, but I like her.
Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom doesn't like Mary. He also doesn't like Alice.
Tom doesn't like Mary. He doesn't like Alice either.
Tom doesn't like Mary. However, she doesn't particularly care whether he likes her or not.
Tom doesn't like Mondays.
Tom doesn't like air conditioning.
Tom doesn't like anchovies on pizza.
Tom doesn't like anchovies.
Tom doesn't like animals.
Tom doesn't like any kind of music.
Tom doesn't like any kind of raw fish.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
Tom doesn't like any of Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't like any of his teachers.
Tom doesn't like any of us.
Tom doesn't like any sport.
Tom doesn't like any women.
Tom doesn't like anybody and nobody likes him.
Tom doesn't like anybody.
Tom doesn't like anyone and no one likes him.
Tom doesn't like anyone in his class.
Tom doesn't like anyone looking at his scars.
Tom doesn't like anyone on his team.
Tom doesn't like anyone.
Tom doesn't like anything.
Tom doesn't like apples, does he?
Tom doesn't like asking for help.
Tom doesn't like asparagus.
Tom doesn't like bananas.
Tom doesn't like baseball or basketball.
Tom doesn't like baseball very much.
Tom doesn't like baseball.
Tom doesn't like basketball much, but he really likes volleyball a lot.
Tom doesn't like basketball.
Tom doesn't like beating around the bush but prefers to get straight to the point.
Tom doesn't like beef and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like beef.
Tom doesn't like beer or wine.
Tom doesn't like beer, and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like beer, and neither do I.
Tom doesn't like beer.
Tom doesn't like being a waiter.
Tom doesn't like being alone.
Tom doesn't like being around children because he's always afraid of catching a cold from one of them.
Tom doesn't like being asked to give to charity.
Tom doesn't like being called cute.
Tom doesn't like being called that.
Tom doesn't like being contradicted.
Tom doesn't like being cooped up in his small office every day.
Tom doesn't like being criticized.
Tom doesn't like being disturbed when he's eating.
Tom doesn't like being ignored.
Tom doesn't like being in huge crowds.
Tom doesn't like being lied to.
Tom doesn't like being made a fool of.
Tom doesn't like being poor.
Tom doesn't like being pushed.
Tom doesn't like being surprised.
Tom doesn't like being the center of attention.
Tom doesn't like being the centre of attention.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at a party.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom doesn't like being the one responsible for doing that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to do that.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to take out the garbage.
Tom doesn't like being the one who always has to wash the dishes.
Tom doesn't like being tickled.
Tom doesn't like being told he isn't old enough yet.
Tom doesn't like being told he's not old enough yet.
Tom doesn't like being told to clean his room.
Tom doesn't like being told to do that.
Tom doesn't like being told to hurry.
Tom doesn't like being told what to do.
Tom doesn't like being told when to go to bed.
Tom doesn't like being touched.
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.
Tom doesn't like being unemployed.
Tom doesn't like big dogs.
Tom doesn't like birds.
Tom doesn't like bright lights.
Tom doesn't like broccoli.
Tom doesn't like butter.
Tom doesn't like carrots.
Tom doesn't like cartoons.
Tom doesn't like cats and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't like cats very much.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom doesn't like chalkboards.
Tom doesn't like champagne.
Tom doesn't like change.
Tom doesn't like changing clothes in front of his mother.
Tom doesn't like changing for P.E.
Tom doesn't like cheese very much.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
Tom doesn't like chess.
Tom doesn't like chicken.
Tom doesn't like children.
Tom doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom doesn't like chocolate, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't like chocolate.
Tom doesn't like city life.
Tom doesn't like classical music.
Tom doesn't like cleaning the bathroom.
Tom doesn't like clowns and me neither.
Tom doesn't like clubs where there is loud music.
Tom doesn't like clubs.
Tom doesn't like cocktail parties because he finds making small talk difficult.
Tom doesn't like coffee at all.
Tom doesn't like coffee very much. He prefers tea.
Tom doesn't like coffee with sugar.
Tom doesn't like coffee.
Tom doesn't like cold weather.
Tom doesn't like comic books.
Tom doesn't like competition.
Tom doesn't like computers.
Tom doesn't like confrontation.
Tom doesn't like controversy.
Tom doesn't like cops.
Tom doesn't like corn dogs because they make him sick.
Tom doesn't like country music.
Tom doesn't like couscous.
Tom doesn't like dancing.
Tom doesn't like dark colors in his home.
Tom doesn't like daylight saving time.
Tom doesn't like daylight savings time.
Tom doesn't like dealing with authority figures.
Tom doesn't like discussing his work with Mary.
Tom doesn't like dogs at all.
Tom doesn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't like doing homework.
Tom doesn't like doing that, but he has to.
Tom doesn't like doing that.
Tom doesn't like drinking champagne.
Tom doesn't like drinking coffee out of a paper cup.
Tom doesn't like drinking.
Tom doesn't like driving Mary's car.
Tom doesn't like driving after dark.
Tom doesn't like driving at night.
Tom doesn't like driving in Australia.
Tom doesn't like driving in Boston.
Tom doesn't like driving in the rain.
Tom doesn't like driving in traffic.
Tom doesn't like driving.
Tom doesn't like eating fish.
Tom doesn't like eating out.
Tom doesn't like eating popcorn.
Tom doesn't like eating vegetables.
Tom doesn't like eggplant.
Tom doesn't like eggs.
Tom doesn't like either baseball or soccer.
Tom doesn't like either beer or wine.
Tom doesn't like either of his options.
Tom doesn't like everybody on his team.
Tom doesn't like everyone on his team.
Tom doesn't like fast food.
Tom doesn't like fighting.
Tom doesn't like fish very much and seldom ever eats it.
Tom doesn't like fish very much and very seldom eats it.
Tom doesn't like fish very much.
Tom doesn't like fish.
Tom doesn't like fishing.
Tom doesn't like football.
Tom doesn't like frog legs.
Tom doesn't like fruits or potatoes.
Tom doesn't like gambling.
Tom doesn't like garlic bread.
Tom doesn't like girls like Mary.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear high heels.
Tom doesn't like giving speeches.
Tom doesn't like going by bus.
Tom doesn't like going to clubs.
Tom doesn't like going to concerts.
Tom doesn't like going to school.
Tom doesn't like going to the beach.
Tom doesn't like going to the dentist's.
Tom doesn't like grapefruit.
Tom doesn't like grapes.
Tom doesn't like greasy food such as spareribs.
Tom doesn't like green beans.
Tom doesn't like green peppers.
Tom doesn't like ham sandwiches.
Tom doesn't like hares.
Tom doesn't like having his picture taken.
Tom doesn't like having to admit he can't read.
Tom doesn't like having to admit that he can't read.
Tom doesn't like his French teacher.
Tom doesn't like his coffee hot.
Tom doesn't like his contract.
Tom doesn't like his job.
Tom doesn't like his name.
Tom doesn't like his new glasses.
Tom doesn't like his new job any better than farming.
Tom doesn't like his new job.
Tom doesn't like his new roommate.
Tom doesn't like his new sofa.
Tom doesn't like his new stepfather.
Tom doesn't like his new stepfather. He didn't like his old stepfather, either.
Tom doesn't like his nickname.
Tom doesn't like his sandwich.
Tom doesn't like his son-in-law.
Tom doesn't like his stepfather.
Tom doesn't like his stepmother.
Tom doesn't like his wife's parents.
Tom doesn't like his work.
Tom doesn't like horror movies.
Tom doesn't like hot coffee.
Tom doesn't like hot food.
Tom doesn't like hot weather.
Tom doesn't like household chores.
Tom doesn't like how Mary laughs.
Tom doesn't like instant rice.
Tom doesn't like ironing, but he does sometimes iron his shirts.
Tom doesn't like it here in Boston.
Tom doesn't like it here.
Tom doesn't like it when I ask him questions.
Tom doesn't like it when I do that.
Tom doesn't like it when I speak French.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary cracks her knuckles.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary criticizes him in public.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary does that.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary kisses him in public.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary sits next to him.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary writes sentences about stoats, since he is afraid that she would fall in love with them and wouldn't any longer want him around.
Tom doesn't like it when he doesn't have enough money.
Tom doesn't like it when his juice isn't cold.
Tom doesn't like it when his wife kisses him in public.
Tom doesn't like it when people ask him to do things for them.
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.
Tom doesn't like it when people invade his personal space by standing too close to him.
Tom doesn't like it when people laugh at him.
Tom doesn't like it when people park in front of his house.
Tom doesn't like it when people say no to him.
Tom doesn't like it when people stare at him.
Tom doesn't like it when people take his picture.
Tom doesn't like it when people talk about him.
Tom doesn't like it when people tell him what to do.
Tom doesn't like it when people touch him.
Tom doesn't like it when this kind of stuff happens.
Tom doesn't like it when we do that.
Tom doesn't like it when you call him cute.
Tom doesn't like it when you do that to him.
Tom doesn't like it when you do that.
Tom doesn't like it, either.
Tom doesn't like it.
Tom doesn't like jazz.
Tom doesn't like kids.
Tom doesn't like knowing English.
Tom doesn't like lazy people.
Tom doesn't like listening to sports on the radio.
Tom doesn't like listening to the radio.
Tom doesn't like living alone.
Tom doesn't like living downtown.
Tom doesn't like living here.
Tom doesn't like living in Australia and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like living in Australia and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't like living in Australia.
Tom doesn't like living in Boston and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like living in Boston and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't like living in Boston.
Tom doesn't like living in the country.
Tom doesn't like long car rides.
Tom doesn't like looking in the mirror.
Tom doesn't like losing.
Tom doesn't like loud music.
Tom doesn't like loud noises.
Tom doesn't like making decisions.
Tom doesn't like mashed potatoes.
Tom doesn't like math.
Tom doesn't like mathematics.
Tom doesn't like maths.
Tom doesn't like me and I don't like him either.
Tom doesn't like me anymore.
Tom doesn't like me at all.
Tom doesn't like me either.
Tom doesn't like me much.
Tom doesn't like me now.
Tom doesn't like me that much.
Tom doesn't like me very much.
Tom doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't like milk in his coffee.
Tom doesn't like milk.
Tom doesn't like modern architecture.
Tom doesn't like modern art.
Tom doesn't like most of his classmates.
Tom doesn't like multiple choice exams.
Tom doesn't like music.
Tom doesn't like my dog.
Tom doesn't like my family.
Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom doesn't like my jokes.
Tom doesn't like new wave music.
Tom doesn't like not being able to control Mary.
Tom doesn't like olives.
Tom doesn't like onions.
Tom doesn't like oranges.
Tom doesn't like our neighbors very much.
Tom doesn't like oysters.
Tom doesn't like pandemics.
Tom doesn't like parsley.
Tom doesn't like pasta.
Tom doesn't like pears.
Tom doesn't like people asking him to do things for them.
Tom doesn't like people laughing at him.
Tom doesn't like people staring at him.
Tom doesn't like people taking his picture.
Tom doesn't like people talking about him.
Tom doesn't like people telling him what to do.
Tom doesn't like people to know he can't speak French well.
Tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak French well.
Tom doesn't like people touching his stuff.
Tom doesn't like people who aren't on time.
Tom doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
Tom doesn't like people who don't show up on time.
Tom doesn't like people who don't take their jobs seriously.
Tom doesn't like people who get angry easily.
Tom doesn't like people who manipulate others.
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Tom doesn't like pepper.
Tom doesn't like pets.
Tom doesn't like pizza, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't like pizza.
Tom doesn't like playing in the sand.
Tom doesn't like playing poker.
Tom doesn't like playing soccer.
Tom doesn't like playing sports.
Tom doesn't like playing tennis with Mary.
Tom doesn't like playing video games.
Tom doesn't like poker at all.
Tom doesn't like poker very much.
Tom doesn't like politics.
Tom doesn't like popcorn.
Tom doesn't like pork.
Tom doesn't like potato salad.
Tom doesn't like potatoes.
Tom doesn't like punk rock.
Tom doesn't like plinka, so much the better. There'll be more left for us.
Tom doesn't like rabbits.
Tom doesn't like rap at all.
Tom doesn't like raspberries.
Tom doesn't like reading books on the train.
Tom doesn't like reading books.
Tom doesn't like reading romance novels.
Tom doesn't like reading.
Tom doesn't like red wine very much.
Tom doesn't like remembering the past.
Tom doesn't like repeating himself.
Tom doesn't like riding buses.
Tom doesn't like riding his motorcycle in the rain.
Tom doesn't like rock and roll.
Tom doesn't like romance novels.
Tom doesn't like rum.
Tom doesn't like running.
Tom doesn't like sake.
Tom doesn't like sandwiches.
Tom doesn't like scary movies.
Tom doesn't like school.
Tom doesn't like science fiction.
Tom doesn't like science, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't like scrambled eggs.
Tom doesn't like sharing his data.
Tom doesn't like shaving.
Tom doesn't like singing in French.
Tom doesn't like singing sad songs.
Tom doesn't like singing.
Tom doesn't like sitting next to Mary.
Tom doesn't like skimmed milk.
Tom doesn't like skinny girls.
Tom doesn't like skipping rope.
Tom doesn't like sleeping in a hammock.
Tom doesn't like snails.
Tom doesn't like soccer.
Tom doesn't like songs with crude lyrics.
Tom doesn't like soup.
Tom doesn't like spaghetti.
Tom doesn't like speaking French.
Tom doesn't like speaking in French and I don't either.
Tom doesn't like speaking in public.
Tom doesn't like spending time in the garden.
Tom doesn't like spicy food.
Tom doesn't like spinach at all.
Tom doesn't like spinach very much.
Tom doesn't like spinach, so he didn't eat any.
Tom doesn't like sports much.
Tom doesn't like sports.
Tom doesn't like squirrels.
Tom doesn't like studying French.
Tom doesn't like studying.
Tom doesn't like stuff like that.
Tom doesn't like stuff like this.
Tom doesn't like summer.
Tom doesn't like summer. He says it's too hot.
Tom doesn't like surfing.
Tom doesn't like surprises.
Tom doesn't like sushi.
Tom doesn't like sweets.
Tom doesn't like swimming in pools. He prefers swimming in lakes and rivers.
Tom doesn't like swimming in the winter.
Tom doesn't like swimming in this river. He says it's too polluted.
Tom doesn't like swimming, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't like swimming.
Tom doesn't like taking care of the garden.
Tom doesn't like taking long trips.
Tom doesn't like taking off his shirt whenever he goes to the beach because he feels insecure about his body.
Tom doesn't like taking risks.
Tom doesn't like taking taxis.
Tom doesn't like talking about Boston.
Tom doesn't like talking about himself.
Tom doesn't like talking about his family.
Tom doesn't like talking about his feelings.
Tom doesn't like talking about politics.
Tom doesn't like talking about sports.
Tom doesn't like talking about these kinds of things.
Tom doesn't like talking to strangers.
Tom doesn't like talking with Mary.
Tom doesn't like talking.
Tom doesn't like teaching French.
Tom doesn't like tennis.
Tom doesn't like that at all.
Tom doesn't like that dog.
Tom doesn't like that idea at all.
Tom doesn't like that idea.
Tom doesn't like that kind of music.
Tom doesn't like that kind of stuff.
Tom doesn't like that plan at all.
Tom doesn't like that too much.
Tom doesn't like that woman.
Tom doesn't like that.
Tom doesn't like the boba pearls in bubble tea.
Tom doesn't like the color of the walls in his bedroom.
Tom doesn't like the fact that Mary is dating John.
Tom doesn't like the heat of summer.
Tom doesn't like the house that he lives in.
Tom doesn't like the idea.
Tom doesn't like the kind of jokes Mary tells.
Tom doesn't like the kind of jokes that Mary tells.
Tom doesn't like the music I listen to.
Tom doesn't like the new design.
Tom doesn't like the rainy season.
Tom doesn't like the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom doesn't like the summer heat.
Tom doesn't like the taste of vinegar.
Tom doesn't like the teacher.
Tom doesn't like the way I do that.
Tom doesn't like the way I speak.
Tom doesn't like the way John looks at Mary.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary cooks.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary dances.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary did that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary does that.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary dresses.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary laughs.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary looks at him.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes coffee.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes spaghetti.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes stew.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary plays the drums.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary sings.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary smiles at John.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his children.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks to his kids.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats John.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats her dog.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats him.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary walks.
Tom doesn't like the way his mother cuts his hair.
Tom doesn't like the way the movie ended.
Tom doesn't like the way you cook.
Tom doesn't like the way you dance.
Tom doesn't like the way you did that.
Tom doesn't like the way you do that.
Tom doesn't like the way you sing.
Tom doesn't like them.
Tom doesn't like this at all.
Tom doesn't like this color.
Tom doesn't like this colour.
Tom doesn't like this design.
Tom doesn't like this game.
Tom doesn't like this idea.
Tom doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't like this kind of movie.
Tom doesn't like this kind of music.
Tom doesn't like this kind of stuff.
Tom doesn't like this one bit.
Tom doesn't like this society.
Tom doesn't like this song.
Tom doesn't like this very much.
Tom doesn't like this.
Tom doesn't like those women.
Tom doesn't like to apologize.
Tom doesn't like to argue, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't like to argue.
Tom doesn't like to ask for help from people he doesn't know.
Tom doesn't like to ask for help.
Tom doesn't like to be alone.
Tom doesn't like to be called a fool.
Tom doesn't like to be cold.
Tom doesn't like to be contradicted.
Tom doesn't like to be corrected in public.
Tom doesn't like to be disturbed.
Tom doesn't like to be early.
Tom doesn't like to be here.
Tom doesn't like to be hot.
Tom doesn't like to be ignored.
Tom doesn't like to be indebted to anyone.
Tom doesn't like to be kept waiting for a long time.
Tom doesn't like to be kept waiting.
Tom doesn't like to be kissed by women wearing lipstick.
Tom doesn't like to be late.
Tom doesn't like to be laughed at.
Tom doesn't like to be made to wait.
Tom doesn't like to be out late at night.
Tom doesn't like to be outside.
Tom doesn't like to be pitied.
Tom doesn't like to be scared.
Tom doesn't like to be stared at.
Tom doesn't like to be surprised.
Tom doesn't like to be the first one to do that.
Tom doesn't like to be the last one to do that.
Tom doesn't like to be touched by anybody.
Tom doesn't like to be touched by anyone.
Tom doesn't like to be touched.
Tom doesn't like to buy them.
Tom doesn't like to complain.
Tom doesn't like to cook.
Tom doesn't like to correct others.
Tom doesn't like to dance.
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.
Tom doesn't like to do that, but he'll do it anyway.
Tom doesn't like to do that.
Tom doesn't like to drink.
Tom doesn't like to drive Mary's car.
Tom doesn't like to eat fish.
Tom doesn't like to eat onions.
Tom doesn't like to eat where people are smoking.
Tom doesn't like to exercise.
Tom doesn't like to feel left out.
Tom doesn't like to fish.
Tom doesn't like to fly.
Tom doesn't like to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesn't like to get his picture taken.
Tom doesn't like to get into arguments.
Tom doesn't like to give speeches.
Tom doesn't like to go horseback riding.
Tom doesn't like to go out after dark.
Tom doesn't like to hang out with Mary.
Tom doesn't like to hang out with people who smoke.
Tom doesn't like to have his picture taken.
Tom doesn't like to leave anything unfinished.
Tom doesn't like to lend his books to Mary.
Tom doesn't like to listen to the radio.
Tom doesn't like to lose.
Tom doesn't like to make mistakes.
Tom doesn't like to mess with things that are already working fine.
Tom doesn't like to play poker at all.
Tom doesn't like to play poker.
Tom doesn't like to play soccer.
Tom doesn't like to read books.
Tom doesn't like to read on the train.
Tom doesn't like to rely on others.
Tom doesn't like to repeat himself.
Tom doesn't like to ride the subway during rush hour.
Tom doesn't like to see people fighting.
Tom doesn't like to share things.
Tom doesn't like to share.
Tom doesn't like to sing in French.
Tom doesn't like to sing love songs.
Tom doesn't like to sing sad songs.
Tom doesn't like to sing.
Tom doesn't like to sing. I heard him once, and I don't like him to sing, either.
Tom doesn't like to socialize.
Tom doesn't like to speak French.
Tom doesn't like to speak in public.
Tom doesn't like to stay at home.
Tom doesn't like to study French.
Tom doesn't like to study.
Tom doesn't like to swear.
Tom doesn't like to swim.
Tom doesn't like to take risks.
Tom doesn't like to talk a lot.
Tom doesn't like to talk about Boston.
Tom doesn't like to talk about himself.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his dad.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his love life.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his mom.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his past.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his problems.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his work.
Tom doesn't like to talk about it.
Tom doesn't like to talk about that.
Tom doesn't like to talk about these kinds of things.
Tom doesn't like to talk about this kind of thing.
Tom doesn't like to talk about what he does.
Tom doesn't like to talk about work.
Tom doesn't like to talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't like to tell people how old he is.
Tom doesn't like to throw anything away.
Tom doesn't like to travel alone.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.
Tom doesn't like to wait until the last minute to do something.
Tom doesn't like to wait.
Tom doesn't like to waste time.
Tom doesn't like to watch baseball.
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.
Tom doesn't like to wear shoes.
Tom doesn't like to wear ties.
Tom doesn't like to work at night.
Tom doesn't like to work by himself.
Tom doesn't like tomatoes.
Tom doesn't like traveling alone.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like traveling by plane.
Tom doesn't like travelling by bus.
Tom doesn't like travelling on buses.
Tom doesn't like unsolicited advice.
Tom doesn't like us either.
Tom doesn't like us very much.
Tom doesn't like us.
Tom doesn't like using swear words.
Tom doesn't like vacations.
Tom doesn't like volleyball very much.
Tom doesn't like waiting.
Tom doesn't like walking alone at night.
Tom doesn't like walking.
Tom doesn't like washing dishes.
Tom doesn't like washing windows.
Tom doesn't like watching YouTube videos because of all the ads.
Tom doesn't like watching baseball.
Tom doesn't like watching dubbed movies.
Tom doesn't like watching late night TV shows.
Tom doesn't like watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't like watching sports.
Tom doesn't like watching violent movies.
Tom doesn't like watching war movies.
Tom doesn't like wearing jeans.
Tom doesn't like wearing pants around the house.
Tom doesn't like wearing red.
Tom doesn't like weddings.
Tom doesn't like what you're doing right now.
Tom doesn't like what's going on.
Tom doesn't like when animals kill each other.
Tom doesn't like white wine.
Tom doesn't like wine.
Tom doesn't like winter.
Tom doesn't like women who drink a lot.
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.
Tom doesn't like women who wear way too much makeup.
Tom doesn't like women.
Tom doesn't like working alone.
Tom doesn't like working here.
Tom doesn't like working in the garden.
Tom doesn't like working on an empty stomach.
Tom doesn't like working the graveyard shift.
Tom doesn't like writing.
Tom doesn't like yogurt.
Tom doesn't like you anymore.
Tom doesn't like you that much either.
Tom doesn't like you very much either.
Tom doesn't like you very much.
Tom doesn't like you.
Tom doesn't listen anymore.
Tom doesn't listen to Mary.
Tom doesn't listen to advice.
Tom doesn't listen to anybody but himself.
Tom doesn't listen to anybody.
Tom doesn't listen to anyone.
Tom doesn't listen to anything his father has to say.
Tom doesn't listen to classical music at all.
Tom doesn't listen to his parents.
Tom doesn't listen to his teachers.
Tom doesn't listen to mainstream music.
Tom doesn't listen to me.
Tom doesn't listen to music at all.
Tom doesn't listen to the news.
Tom doesn't listen to us.
Tom doesn't listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't listen.
Tom doesn't live alone.
Tom doesn't live around here anymore.
Tom doesn't live around here.
Tom doesn't live far away.
Tom doesn't live far from here.
Tom doesn't live far from me, but I don't see him very often.
Tom doesn't live far from the beach.
Tom doesn't live far from us, but we don't see him very often.
Tom doesn't live far from where he works.
Tom doesn't live here any more.
Tom doesn't live here anymore.
Tom doesn't live here anymore. He's moved to Australia.
Tom doesn't live here anymore. He's moved to Boston.
Tom doesn't live here in Australia.
Tom doesn't live here in Boston.
Tom doesn't live here, does he?
Tom doesn't live here.
Tom doesn't live in Australia anymore.
Tom doesn't live in Australia now.
Tom doesn't live in Australia yet.
Tom doesn't live in Australia.
Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't live in Boston now.
Tom doesn't live in Boston yet.
Tom doesn't live in Boston.
Tom doesn't live in Boston. He lives in Chicago.
Tom doesn't live in Cherrapunji.
Tom doesn't live in Kecskemt.
Tom doesn't live in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
Tom doesn't live in Winchestertonfieldville.
Tom doesn't live in a cave.
Tom doesn't live in my neighborhood.
Tom doesn't live in my neighbourhood.
Tom doesn't live in the basement.
Tom doesn't live in the city.
Tom doesn't live in this area.
Tom doesn't live in this neighborhood.
Tom doesn't live near a supermarket.
Tom doesn't live near here.
Tom doesn't live near his office.
Tom doesn't live near me.
Tom doesn't live nearby.
Tom doesn't live on Park Street anymore.
Tom doesn't live on a farm anymore.
Tom doesn't live on a farm.
Tom doesn't live on the mountain.
Tom doesn't live there anymore.
Tom doesn't live too far from here.
Tom doesn't live too far from the station.
Tom doesn't live very far away, but I don't see him very often.
Tom doesn't live very far away.
Tom doesn't live very far from downtown.
Tom doesn't live very far from here.
Tom doesn't live very far from me.
Tom doesn't live very far from where he works.
Tom doesn't live very far from where that happened.
Tom doesn't live with Mary.
Tom doesn't live with his family.
Tom doesn't live with his parents anymore.
Tom doesn't live with his parents.
Tom doesn't live with his wife anymore.
Tom doesn't live with us any more.
Tom doesn't live with us anymore.
Tom doesn't look all that busy.
Tom doesn't look all that happy.
Tom doesn't look all that tired.
Tom doesn't look angry.
Tom doesn't look anything like his brother.
Tom doesn't look as busy as Mary does.
Tom doesn't look as busy as Mary.
Tom doesn't look as old as Mary does.
Tom doesn't look as old as Mary.
Tom doesn't look as tired today as he looked yesterday.
Tom doesn't look as young as Mary does.
Tom doesn't look as young as Mary.
Tom doesn't look at all convinced.
Tom doesn't look broke to me.
Tom doesn't look busy.
Tom doesn't look convinced.
Tom doesn't look crazy.
Tom doesn't look deterred.
Tom doesn't look entirely well.
Tom doesn't look even a little bit scared.
Tom doesn't look evil.
Tom doesn't look frightened.
Tom doesn't look good.
Tom doesn't look happy about it.
Tom doesn't look happy to me.
Tom doesn't look happy to see Mary.
Tom doesn't look happy to see us.
Tom doesn't look happy to see you.
Tom doesn't look happy, does he?
Tom doesn't look happy.
Tom doesn't look his age.
Tom doesn't look impressed.
Tom doesn't look like John.
Tom doesn't look like a beginner.
Tom doesn't look like a child anymore.
Tom doesn't look like a killer.
Tom doesn't look like a professor.
Tom doesn't look like a rebel.
Tom doesn't look like a rugby player.
Tom doesn't look like a scoundrel.
Tom doesn't look like a teacher at all.
Tom doesn't look like a teacher, but he is.
Tom doesn't look like a weight lifter.
Tom doesn't look like a wrestler.
Tom doesn't look like either of his parents.
Tom doesn't look like he's busy.
Tom doesn't look like he's enjoying herself.
Tom doesn't look like he's enjoying himself.
Tom doesn't look like he's happy.
Tom doesn't look like he's having a good time.
Tom doesn't look like he's having any fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's having fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's having much fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's having very much fun.
Tom doesn't look like he's lonely.
Tom doesn't look like he's tired.
Tom doesn't look like he's unhappy.
Tom doesn't look like his brother.
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.
Tom doesn't look like his father.
Tom doesn't look like his mother.
Tom doesn't look like me.
Tom doesn't look like the man in the picture.
Tom doesn't look much like his brother.
Tom doesn't look much like his father.
Tom doesn't look much older than Mary.
Tom doesn't look nervous.
Tom doesn't look normal.
Tom doesn't look old.
Tom doesn't look particularly pleased.
Tom doesn't look particularly worried.
Tom doesn't look pleased.
Tom doesn't look poor.
Tom doesn't look reassured.
Tom doesn't look rich to me.
Tom doesn't look sad anymore.
Tom doesn't look sad now.
Tom doesn't look scared.
Tom doesn't look sick.
Tom doesn't look so bad.
Tom doesn't look so busy, does he?
Tom doesn't look so busy.
Tom doesn't look so good right now.
Tom doesn't look so good.
Tom doesn't look so happy, does he?
Tom doesn't look so happy.
Tom doesn't look so tough.
Tom doesn't look so well.
Tom doesn't look that strong.
Tom doesn't look that tired.
Tom doesn't look that upset to me.
Tom doesn't look thrilled.
Tom doesn't look tired anymore.
Tom doesn't look tired to me.
Tom doesn't look too angry to me.
Tom doesn't look too busy to me.
Tom doesn't look too busy.
Tom doesn't look too convinced.
Tom doesn't look too dangerous to me.
Tom doesn't look too good today. I wonder what the matter is.
Tom doesn't look too good.
Tom doesn't look too happy about it.
Tom doesn't look too happy to me.
Tom doesn't look too happy, does he?
Tom doesn't look too happy.
Tom doesn't look too sure.
Tom doesn't look too upset to me.
Tom doesn't look too well.
Tom doesn't look too worried to me.
Tom doesn't look too worried.
Tom doesn't look troubled at all.
Tom doesn't look very busy to me.
Tom doesn't look very busy.
Tom doesn't look very comfortable.
Tom doesn't look very confident.
Tom doesn't look very happy to me.
Tom doesn't look very happy today.
Tom doesn't look very happy.
Tom doesn't look very healthy.
Tom doesn't look very hopeful.
Tom doesn't look very much like his father.
Tom doesn't look very relaxed.
Tom doesn't look very strong.
Tom doesn't look very well. Is he sick?
Tom doesn't look well.
Tom doesn't look worried about it.
Tom doesn't love Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't love Mary like he used to.
Tom doesn't love Mary.
Tom doesn't love anybody.
Tom doesn't love anyone and no one loves him.
Tom doesn't love anyone except himself.
Tom doesn't love anyone.
Tom doesn't love his wife anymore.
Tom doesn't love his wife.
Tom doesn't love me any more.
Tom doesn't love me anymore.
Tom doesn't love me.
Tom doesn't love us.
Tom doesn't love you as much as I love you.
Tom doesn't love you like I love you.
Tom doesn't love you the way I do.
Tom doesn't love you.
Tom doesn't love you. He loves me.
Tom doesn't maintain personal hygiene.
Tom doesn't make all that much money.
Tom doesn't make as much money as I do.
Tom doesn't make as much money as Mary does.
Tom doesn't make as much money as Mary.
Tom doesn't make as much money as he says he does.
Tom doesn't make bad choices; he copes with his trauma using unhealthy means. It's the best way of coping he knows right now.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support a family.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support his family.
Tom doesn't make exceptions for anyone.
Tom doesn't make friends easily.
Tom doesn't make his bed.
Tom doesn't make many mistakes.
Tom doesn't make me laugh anymore.
Tom doesn't make me laugh like he used to.
Tom doesn't make me laugh the way he used to.
Tom doesn't make mistakes very often.
Tom doesn't make mistakes.
Tom doesn't make much money.
Tom doesn't make that much money.
Tom doesn't make the rules.
Tom doesn't make very much money.
Tom doesn't manage to get out of the car.
Tom doesn't meditate at all.
Tom doesn't meditate.
Tom doesn't meet the criteria of a perfect husband.
Tom doesn't mention names.
Tom doesn't mince his words.
Tom doesn't mince words.
Tom doesn't mind Mary being slightly overweight.
Tom doesn't mind all that much.
Tom doesn't mind being told what to do.
Tom doesn't mind cycling in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind devoting a lot of time to helping the homeless.
Tom doesn't mind doing that for you.
Tom doesn't mind doing that.
Tom doesn't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom doesn't mind getting up at dawn.
Tom doesn't mind getting wet.
Tom doesn't mind having freckles.
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.
Tom doesn't mind lending Mary money.
Tom doesn't mind sleeping on the couch.
Tom doesn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom doesn't mind struggling to achieve his goals.
Tom doesn't mind swimming in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind taking care of his grandmother.
Tom doesn't mind that his friends cuss. He just doesn't do it himself.
Tom doesn't mind the added workload.
Tom doesn't mind the cold, but Mary can't stand it.
Tom doesn't mind the work.
Tom doesn't mind waiting.
Tom doesn't mind walking in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind walking.
Tom doesn't mind what people say about Mary.
Tom doesn't mind.
Tom doesn't miss Australia as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't miss a thing, does he?
Tom doesn't miss a thing.
Tom doesn't miss anything, does he?
Tom doesn't miss anything.
Tom doesn't miss his old life.
Tom doesn't miss much.
Tom doesn't necessarily have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't necessarily have to go.
Tom doesn't need Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't need Mary to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't need Mary to tell him how to do that.
Tom doesn't need Mary's help.
Tom doesn't need Mary's permission to do that.
Tom doesn't need Mary's permission to do this.
Tom doesn't need Mary.
Tom doesn't need a babysitter.
Tom doesn't need a cane.
Tom doesn't need a car.
Tom doesn't need a coach.
Tom doesn't need a doctor. He needs a priest.
Tom doesn't need a haircut.
Tom doesn't need a lawyer.
Tom doesn't need a ride to school this morning.
Tom doesn't need a ride.
Tom doesn't need a wheelchair.
Tom doesn't need an SUV.
Tom doesn't need an interpreter.
Tom doesn't need any help doing that.
Tom doesn't need any help with his homework.
Tom doesn't need any help.
Tom doesn't need any money now.
Tom doesn't need any more help.
Tom doesn't need any more money.
Tom doesn't need any more soap. Mary gave him enough to last a lifetime.
Tom doesn't need any more time.
Tom doesn't need any of this stuff.
Tom doesn't need anyone's help.
Tom doesn't need anyone.
Tom doesn't need anything else.
Tom doesn't need anything.
Tom doesn't need comforting.
Tom doesn't need crocodile tears at his funeral.
Tom doesn't need glasses any more.
Tom doesn't need glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't need glasses.
Tom doesn't need help.
Tom doesn't need it.
Tom doesn't need me anymore.
Tom doesn't need me to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't need me to do that for him anymore.
Tom doesn't need me to do that for him.
Tom doesn't need me to do that.
Tom doesn't need me to tell him how to do it.
Tom doesn't need me to tell him how to do that.
Tom doesn't need me.
Tom doesn't need money now.
Tom doesn't need money right now.
Tom doesn't need money to have a good time.
Tom doesn't need money.
Tom doesn't need my help anymore.
Tom doesn't need my help.
Tom doesn't need my permission to do that.
Tom doesn't need my permission.
Tom doesn't need our help any more.
Tom doesn't need our help anymore.
Tom doesn't need our help.
Tom doesn't need our permission to do that.
Tom doesn't need that anymore.
Tom doesn't need that.
Tom doesn't need this job.
Tom doesn't need this.
Tom doesn't need three bicycles.
Tom doesn't need to answer any more questions if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to answer right away.
Tom doesn't need to apologize.
Tom doesn't need to apologize. He did nothing wrong.
Tom doesn't need to ask for money.
Tom doesn't need to attend the meeting.
Tom doesn't need to attend today's meeting.
Tom doesn't need to be at today's meeting.
Tom doesn't need to be here on Monday.
Tom doesn't need to be here on October 20th.
Tom doesn't need to be here today.
Tom doesn't need to be here until 2:30.
Tom doesn't need to be here.
Tom doesn't need to be sorry for anything.
Tom doesn't need to be there until 2:30.
Tom doesn't need to be there.
Tom doesn't need to be told more than once to do something.
Tom doesn't need to be told that.
Tom doesn't need to bring a lunch. I'll make something for him to eat.
Tom doesn't need to buy anything.
Tom doesn't need to buy one of those.
Tom doesn't need to call me.
Tom doesn't need to cancel his vacation.
Tom doesn't need to come if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to come into the office on Monday.
Tom doesn't need to come into work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to come so early next time.
Tom doesn't need to come to my office.
Tom doesn't need to come to work next Monday.
Tom doesn't need to come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to come yet.
Tom doesn't need to come.
Tom doesn't need to consult anybody.
Tom doesn't need to consult anyone.
Tom doesn't need to decide that now.
Tom doesn't need to do a thing.
Tom doesn't need to do anything else.
Tom doesn't need to do anything he doesn't want to do.
Tom doesn't need to do anything he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to do anything.
Tom doesn't need to do that again.
Tom doesn't need to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't need to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't need to do that either.
Tom doesn't need to do that every day.
Tom doesn't need to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't need to do that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to do that now.
Tom doesn't need to do that right away.
Tom doesn't need to do that right now.
Tom doesn't need to do that until next year.
Tom doesn't need to do that, and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't need to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't need to do that.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it for him.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesn't need to do this now.
Tom doesn't need to do this right away.
Tom doesn't need to do this.
Tom doesn't need to dress up.
Tom doesn't need to explain anything.
Tom doesn't need to explain himself.
Tom doesn't need to explain it to me. I already understand it.
Tom doesn't need to explain that to us.
Tom doesn't need to finish this by tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to finish.
Tom doesn't need to get up so early anymore.
Tom doesn't need to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to go home now.
Tom doesn't need to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't need to go there himself.
Tom doesn't need to go there if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't need to go there.
Tom doesn't need to go to Australia until next week.
Tom doesn't need to go to Boston until next week.
Tom doesn't need to go to school any more.
Tom doesn't need to go to school anymore.
Tom doesn't need to go to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't need to go to the dentist's.
Tom doesn't need to go to the doctor.
Tom doesn't need to go to the store.
Tom doesn't need to go to work today.
Tom doesn't need to go.
Tom doesn't need to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't need to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't need to help us today.
Tom doesn't need to hurry.
Tom doesn't need to keep anything.
Tom doesn't need to know about that.
Tom doesn't need to know about this.
Tom doesn't need to know all the details.
Tom doesn't need to know how Mary does that.
Tom doesn't need to know it.
Tom doesn't need to know that.
Tom doesn't need to know the details.
Tom doesn't need to know this.
Tom doesn't need to know where I'm going.
Tom doesn't need to know where Mary is going.
Tom doesn't need to know who did that.
Tom doesn't need to know who gave this to us.
Tom doesn't need to know who told Mary that.
Tom doesn't need to know why I did that.
Tom doesn't need to know why I didn't do that.
Tom doesn't need to know why.
Tom doesn't need to know yet.
Tom doesn't need to know.
Tom doesn't need to learn it.
Tom doesn't need to make dinner tonight.
Tom doesn't need to make that decision now.
Tom doesn't need to move out.
Tom doesn't need to pay anything.
Tom doesn't need to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't need to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't need to prove anything to me.
Tom doesn't need to prove himself.
Tom doesn't need to read this if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to say anything.
Tom doesn't need to see this.
Tom doesn't need to speak so loud.
Tom doesn't need to stay.
Tom doesn't need to study French.
Tom doesn't need to take his shoes off.
Tom doesn't need to take off his shoes.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary anything he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary anything that he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary how to do that. She already knows.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to tell Mary that if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to tell me how to do that.
Tom doesn't need to tell me what to do.
Tom doesn't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
Tom doesn't need to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesn't need to thank me for anything.
Tom doesn't need to thank me.
Tom doesn't need to thank us.
Tom doesn't need to use a cane anymore.
Tom doesn't need to use a cane.
Tom doesn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Tom doesn't need to use crutches anymore.
Tom doesn't need to wait any longer.
Tom doesn't need to wait.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses any more.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't need to work on Sundays.
Tom doesn't need to work today.
Tom doesn't need to work.
Tom doesn't need to work. He's rich.
Tom doesn't need to worry about Mary.
Tom doesn't need to worry about a thing. Mary will take care of everything.
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.
Tom doesn't need to worry about me anymore.
Tom doesn't need to worry about me.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that happening.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore.
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.
Tom doesn't need to worry anymore.
Tom doesn't need to worry.
Tom doesn't need too much help.
Tom doesn't need us.
Tom doesn't need you like Mary does.
Tom doesn't need you to do that again.
Tom doesn't need you to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't need your advice.
Tom doesn't need your help.
Tom doesn't normally agree with me.
Tom doesn't normally do that.
Tom doesn't normally drink that much.
Tom doesn't normally speak French.
Tom doesn't obey his parents.
Tom doesn't obey me.
Tom doesn't obey orders.
Tom doesn't often admit he's wrong.
Tom doesn't often admit that he's wrong.
Tom doesn't often agree with me.
Tom doesn't often beg.
Tom doesn't often come here.
Tom doesn't often come to school.
Tom doesn't often complain about the weather.
Tom doesn't often cry.
Tom doesn't often do his homework before dinner.
Tom doesn't often do that alone.
Tom doesn't often do that anymore.
Tom doesn't often do that by himself.
Tom doesn't often do that in the morning.
Tom doesn't often do that.
Tom doesn't often drink beer.
Tom doesn't often drink coffee.
Tom doesn't often drink wine.
Tom doesn't often drive.
Tom doesn't often eat at home.
Tom doesn't often eat chocolate.
Tom doesn't often eat cookies.
Tom doesn't often eat fruit.
Tom doesn't often eat ice cream.
Tom doesn't often eat lunch with his wife.
Tom doesn't often eat out with his family.
Tom doesn't often eat with his family.
Tom doesn't often get a chance to do that.
Tom doesn't often get a chance to leave early.
Tom doesn't often get depressed.
Tom doesn't often get invited to parties.
Tom doesn't often go hiking by himself.
Tom doesn't often go to Boston.
Tom doesn't often have a chance to speak French.
Tom doesn't often have the chance to do that.
Tom doesn't often have the chance to leave early.
Tom doesn't often help his mother hang up the laundry.
Tom doesn't often laugh.
Tom doesn't often leave early.
Tom doesn't often let Mary drive his car.
Tom doesn't often listen to music.
Tom doesn't often make mistakes.
Tom doesn't often play video games.
Tom doesn't often read books.
Tom doesn't often read nonfiction.
Tom doesn't often see his brother.
Tom doesn't often show his true feelings.
Tom doesn't often sing.
Tom doesn't often smile anymore.
Tom doesn't often speak French.
Tom doesn't often stay out late at night.
Tom doesn't often study French.
Tom doesn't often take vacations.
Tom doesn't often talk about his private life.
Tom doesn't often talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't often tell us jokes.
Tom doesn't often visit us.
Tom doesn't often walk anymore.
Tom doesn't often walk anywhere.
Tom doesn't often wear a hat.
Tom doesn't often wear a necktie.
Tom doesn't often wear a suit.
Tom doesn't often wear a tie.
Tom doesn't often wear jeans.
Tom doesn't often win when he plays chess.
Tom doesn't often win.
Tom doesn't only teach the guitar, he often gives concerts.
Tom doesn't open up to anyone.
Tom doesn't owe anybody anything.
Tom doesn't owe anything to anybody.
Tom doesn't owe me anything.
Tom doesn't owe us anything.
Tom doesn't own a bicycle.
Tom doesn't own a bike.
Tom doesn't own a calculator.
Tom doesn't own a car.
Tom doesn't own a credit card.
Tom doesn't own a horse, but he has his own saddle.
Tom doesn't own a house.
Tom doesn't own a motorcycle.
Tom doesn't own a store in Boston.
Tom doesn't own any books.
Tom doesn't own any property in Boston.
Tom doesn't own much.
Tom doesn't own one of those things.
Tom doesn't participate in class.
Tom doesn't particularly like Mary.
Tom doesn't particularly mind.
Tom doesn't particularly want to do that.
Tom doesn't particularly want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't pay any attention to Mary.
Tom doesn't pay any attention to me.
Tom doesn't pay any attention.
Tom doesn't pay any membership fees.
Tom doesn't pay attention at school.
Tom doesn't pay attention in class.
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.
Tom doesn't pay attention to details.
Tom doesn't pay attention to his teachers.
Tom doesn't pay attention to me.
Tom doesn't pay dues.
Tom doesn't pay me enough for that.
Tom doesn't pay me enough.
Tom doesn't pay membership fees.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to anything Mary says.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to anything that Mary says.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to nutrition.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to what Mary tells him.
Tom doesn't pay us anything.
Tom doesn't pay us enough.
Tom doesn't pay us.
Tom doesn't pay us. Somebody else does.
Tom doesn't pay us. Someone else does.
Tom doesn't permit Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't permit his children to do that.
Tom doesn't permit his kids to do that.
Tom doesn't pet his dog.
Tom doesn't plan on being there.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that anytime soon.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that unless he has to.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that until I tell him to.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that until Mary tells him to.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that until you tell him to.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom doesn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't plan on going back there again.
Tom doesn't plan on going by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on going this week.
Tom doesn't plan on going to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't plan on going to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't plan on staying here long.
Tom doesn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom doesn't plan to be there.
Tom doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't plan to do that anytime soon.
Tom doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom doesn't plan to do that this week.
Tom doesn't plan to do that unless he has to.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until I tell him to.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until Mary tells him to.
Tom doesn't plan to do that until you tell him to.
Tom doesn't plan to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to give Mary any money.
Tom doesn't plan to give Mary money.
Tom doesn't plan to give up.
Tom doesn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't plan to go back there again.
Tom doesn't plan to go by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to go this week.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Australia with us.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Mary's concert.
Tom doesn't plan to go to college.
Tom doesn't plan to go to university.
Tom doesn't plan to leave.
Tom doesn't plan to stay here long.
Tom doesn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom doesn't plan to step down.
Tom doesn't plan to study French.
Tom doesn't plan to wait.
Tom doesn't play a real instrument, but he does play a mean air guitar.
Tom doesn't play baseball anymore.
Tom doesn't play baseball very often.
Tom doesn't play baseball.
Tom doesn't play basketball any more.
Tom doesn't play basketball anymore.
Tom doesn't play basketball on Mondays.
Tom doesn't play basketball.
Tom doesn't play by the rules.
Tom doesn't play chess anymore.
Tom doesn't play chess as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't play enough.
Tom doesn't play fair.
Tom doesn't play football anymore.
Tom doesn't play golf anymore.
Tom doesn't play golf as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't play golf so much anymore.
Tom doesn't play golf.
Tom doesn't play guitar anymore.
Tom doesn't play handball any more.
Tom doesn't play handball anymore.
Tom doesn't play hockey anymore.
Tom doesn't play outdoors much.
Tom doesn't play poker.
Tom doesn't play rugby.
Tom doesn't play soccer.
Tom doesn't play tennis as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't play tennis as often as he'd like to.
Tom doesn't play tennis very often.
Tom doesn't play tennis very well.
Tom doesn't play tennis.
Tom doesn't play the banjo, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't play the cello as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't play the cello as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't play the guitar anymore.
Tom doesn't play the guitar very well.
Tom doesn't play the harmonica anymore.
Tom doesn't play the piano nowadays.
Tom doesn't play the piano very well.
Tom doesn't play the trombone that as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't play the tuba as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't play the tuba as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't play video games as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't play video games.
Tom doesn't play with his dog as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't play with his toys anymore.
Tom doesn't play.
Tom doesn't practice the piano as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't practice the piano as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't practice what he preaches.
Tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
Tom doesn't put syrup on his pancakes.
Tom doesn't quite agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't quite believe Mary.
Tom doesn't quite buy it.
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Tom doesn't quite know what to do.
Tom doesn't quite know what to say.
Tom doesn't quite see it that way.
Tom doesn't read all that often.
Tom doesn't read any books, except textbooks.
Tom doesn't read anything.
Tom doesn't read as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't read books in French.
Tom doesn't read books.
Tom doesn't read many books.
Tom doesn't read many non-fiction books.
Tom doesn't read much anymore.
Tom doesn't read much.
Tom doesn't read novels.
Tom doesn't read very often.
Tom doesn't read.
Tom doesn't realise how his behaviour affects others.
Tom doesn't realize he gets on everyone's nerves.
Tom doesn't realize he's doing that the wrong way.
Tom doesn't realize he's doing that wrong.
Tom doesn't realize how dangerous that is.
Tom doesn't realize how his behavior affects others.
Tom doesn't realize how lucky he is.
Tom doesn't realize how lucky he's been.
Tom doesn't realize how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't realize how much we've done for him.
Tom doesn't realize how smart Mary is.
Tom doesn't realize that Mary lied.
Tom doesn't realize that he gets on everybody's nerves.
Tom doesn't realize that he gets on everyone's nerves.
Tom doesn't realize what Mary wants from him.
Tom doesn't realize what Mary wants him to do.
Tom doesn't realize what he has to do.
Tom doesn't realize what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't realize what he's doing.
Tom doesn't realize what he's done.
Tom doesn't realize what he's lost.
Tom doesn't really act like a thirteen-year-old.
Tom doesn't really believe that nonsense, does he?
Tom doesn't really believe that, does he?
Tom doesn't really care about his grades.
Tom doesn't really care about me.
Tom doesn't really care about the environment.
Tom doesn't really care about this.
Tom doesn't really care how Mary does that.
Tom doesn't really care how he does that.
Tom doesn't really care how you do that.
Tom doesn't really care if his car is dirty.
Tom doesn't really care what I think.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary does.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't really care what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't really care what happens.
Tom doesn't really care whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't really care whether he wins or not.
Tom doesn't really care, does he?
Tom doesn't really care.
Tom doesn't really do that anymore.
Tom doesn't really do that very well.
Tom doesn't really do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really enjoy baseball.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that anymore.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that, does he?
Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy eating at expensive restaurants, does he?
Tom doesn't really enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't really enjoy playing baseball.
Tom doesn't really enjoy reading.
Tom doesn't really enjoy singing with Mary.
Tom doesn't really enjoy swimming laps.
Tom doesn't really enjoy talking about politics.
Tom doesn't really enjoy that.
Tom doesn't really enjoy translating.
Tom doesn't really enjoy watching baseball.
Tom doesn't really expect Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't really expect me to be at his party, does he?
Tom doesn't really expect to win, does he?
Tom doesn't really feel like doing that.
Tom doesn't really get out much.
Tom doesn't really hate Halloween.
Tom doesn't really have a choice.
Tom doesn't really have any close friends.
Tom doesn't really have any friends.
Tom doesn't really have any other choice.
Tom doesn't really have many options.
Tom doesn't really have much choice.
Tom doesn't really have the courage to do that.
Tom doesn't really have to do that now.
Tom doesn't really have to do that today.
Tom doesn't really have to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really have to do that.
Tom doesn't really have to work.
Tom doesn't really know French well enough to teach it.
Tom doesn't really know Mary.
Tom doesn't really know how old Mary is.
Tom doesn't really know how old he is.
Tom doesn't really know how old his dog is.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that.
Tom doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom doesn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom doesn't really know me.
Tom doesn't really know so much about basketball.
Tom doesn't really know that much about basketball.
Tom doesn't really know that much.
Tom doesn't really know us.
Tom doesn't really know very much about basketball.
Tom doesn't really know very much.
Tom doesn't really know what happened.
Tom doesn't really know what to buy.
Tom doesn't really know what to do.
Tom doesn't really know where he was born.
Tom doesn't really know where to go.
Tom doesn't really know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't really know, does he?
Tom doesn't really like Boston.
Tom doesn't really like Italian food so much.
Tom doesn't really like Mary all that much.
Tom doesn't really like Mary, even though he says he does.
Tom doesn't really like Mary.
Tom doesn't really like Sami.
Tom doesn't really like baseball.
Tom doesn't really like cats.
Tom doesn't really like chick flicks, but he often goes over to Mary's and watches them with her.
Tom doesn't really like dogs.
Tom doesn't really like doing that.
Tom doesn't really like fish.
Tom doesn't really like his job.
Tom doesn't really like me.
Tom doesn't really like sports.
Tom doesn't really like studying French.
Tom doesn't really like taking pictures.
Tom doesn't really like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't really like us very much.
Tom doesn't really like us.
Tom doesn't really like watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't really like watermelon.
Tom doesn't really like you much.
Tom doesn't really listen when Mary is talking to him.
Tom doesn't really live here, does he?
Tom doesn't really love Mary.
Tom doesn't really love me.
Tom doesn't really mean that, does he?
Tom doesn't really need that.
Tom doesn't really need the money.
Tom doesn't really need to do that today.
Tom doesn't really need to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really need to do that.
Tom doesn't really need to know what we did.
Tom doesn't really need to worry.
Tom doesn't really plan on doing that, does he?
Tom doesn't really plan on staying in that haunted house all night, does he?
Tom doesn't really plan on staying up all night, does he?
Tom doesn't really plan to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really plan to stay in that haunted house all night, does he?
Tom doesn't really plan to stay up all night, does he?
Tom doesn't really seem convinced.
Tom doesn't really seem happy.
Tom doesn't really seem to understand how to run meetings.
Tom doesn't really speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't really speak French.
Tom doesn't really talk about his problems much.
Tom doesn't really talk much.
Tom doesn't really talk to Mary.
Tom doesn't really think I ate his piece of cake, does he?
Tom doesn't really think I can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think I did that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think Mary ate a mouse, does he?
Tom doesn't really think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think Mary could do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think Mary did that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think he can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think that I ate a cockroach, does he?
Tom doesn't really think that I did that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think that Mary did that, does he?
Tom doesn't really think we can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really trust Mary.
Tom doesn't really understand French.
Tom doesn't really understand how I feel.
Tom doesn't really understand me.
Tom doesn't really understand that.
Tom doesn't really understand this.
Tom doesn't really understand.
Tom doesn't really want me at his party.
Tom doesn't really want me to come.
Tom doesn't really want me to do that.
Tom doesn't really want me to help Mary.
Tom doesn't really want me to help him.
Tom doesn't really want to do that now.
Tom doesn't really want to do that right now.
Tom doesn't really want to do that with us, does he?
Tom doesn't really want to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't really want to do that.
Tom doesn't really want to do this.
Tom doesn't really want to eat now.
Tom doesn't really want to eat right now.
Tom doesn't really want to eat with us, does he?
Tom doesn't really want to go hiking with us.
Tom doesn't really want to go swimming today.
Tom doesn't really want to go swimming with us.
Tom doesn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't really want to go to the dance.
Tom doesn't really want to go with us.
Tom doesn't really want to go.
Tom doesn't really want to learn French.
Tom doesn't really want to live there, does he?
Tom doesn't really want to play cards with us.
Tom doesn't really want to talk about this, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't really want your advice.
Tom doesn't receive any pocket money.
Tom doesn't recognize whether he's a mule or a donkey.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that that way.
Tom doesn't recommend doing that.
Tom doesn't recycle.
Tom doesn't regret doing that.
Tom doesn't regret that decision.
Tom doesn't regret what happened.
Tom doesn't regret what he did.
Tom doesn't remember Mary asking him to do that.
Tom doesn't remember Mary.
Tom doesn't remember a thing.
Tom doesn't remember actually deciding to do that.
Tom doesn't remember agreeing to help Mary.
Tom doesn't remember anything about his father.
Tom doesn't remember anything from that night.
Tom doesn't remember anything.
Tom doesn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom doesn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom doesn't remember doing that.
Tom doesn't remember doing what everybody says he did.
Tom doesn't remember doing what everyone says he did.
Tom doesn't remember exactly what happened.
Tom doesn't remember having said that.
Tom doesn't remember his first French teacher's name.
Tom doesn't remember his grandfather.
Tom doesn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom doesn't remember his password.
Tom doesn't remember how he got home.
Tom doesn't remember how much he drank.
Tom doesn't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom doesn't remember if he did that or not.
Tom doesn't remember if he locked the door.
Tom doesn't remember me.
Tom doesn't remember much.
Tom doesn't remember my name.
Tom doesn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom doesn't remember the first time he met Mary.
Tom doesn't remember the first time that he met Mary.
Tom doesn't remember the last time he saw Mary.
Tom doesn't remember the name of the film.
Tom doesn't remember too much about what happened that day.
Tom doesn't remember turning off the light.
Tom doesn't remember very much.
Tom doesn't remember what happened last night.
Tom doesn't remember what happened that night.
Tom doesn't remember what happened.
Tom doesn't remember what he did last night.
Tom doesn't remember where he parked his car.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his key.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his passport.
Tom doesn't remember who told him that.
Tom doesn't remember you.
Tom doesn't report to me.
Tom doesn't require much supervision.
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.
Tom doesn't respect Mary.
Tom doesn't respect anything and anybody.
Tom doesn't respect anything or anybody.
Tom doesn't respect anything or anyone.
Tom doesn't respect authority.
Tom doesn't respect his father.
Tom doesn't respect me.
Tom doesn't respect them.
Tom doesn't respect us.
Tom doesn't respect women.
Tom doesn't respect you.
Tom doesn't ride his bicycle anymore.
Tom doesn't ride his motorcycle anymore.
Tom doesn't ride the bus to work.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
Tom doesn't run this company.
Tom doesn't run.
Tom doesn't say much, does he?
Tom doesn't say much.
Tom doesn't say very much.
Tom doesn't scare easily.
Tom doesn't scare me anymore.
Tom doesn't scare me.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he can't go, too.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he has to go.
Tom doesn't see anything wrong with letting Mary learn to drive.
Tom doesn't see his brother often.
Tom doesn't see it like that.
Tom doesn't see it that way.
Tom doesn't see much of Mary.
Tom doesn't see this as a problem.
Tom doesn't see why Mary needs a new bicycle.
Tom doesn't see why Mary would want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why anybody would want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why anyone would want to do that.
Tom doesn't see why he should do that.
Tom doesn't see why he shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't see you.
Tom doesn't seem all that busy.
Tom doesn't seem all that old to me.
Tom doesn't seem amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem any busier than usual.
Tom doesn't seem aware of what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem busy.
Tom doesn't seem capable of solving the problem.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he has to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced that he needs to do that.
Tom doesn't seem convinced.
Tom doesn't seem happy.
Tom doesn't seem hungry.
Tom doesn't seem in the best of moods today.
Tom doesn't seem interested in making friends.
Tom doesn't seem interested.
Tom doesn't seem like a boy.
Tom doesn't seem like a teacher at all.
Tom doesn't seem like an intelligent man.
Tom doesn't seem like he knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't seem like he knows what to do.
Tom doesn't seem like he's much happier now.
Tom doesn't seem like himself.
Tom doesn't seem motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't seem motivated.
Tom doesn't seem much happier.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in Mary.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in learning French.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in sports.
Tom doesn't seem particularly trustworthy.
Tom doesn't seem particularly worried.
Tom doesn't seem scared.
Tom doesn't seem so busy, does he?
Tom doesn't seem so busy.
Tom doesn't seem so old to me.
Tom doesn't seem so smart.
Tom doesn't seem so strong.
Tom doesn't seem so well.
Tom doesn't seem surprised.
Tom doesn't seem that busy, does he?
Tom doesn't seem tired at all.
Tom doesn't seem tired.
Tom doesn't seem to agree with you at all.
Tom doesn't seem to agree with you.
Tom doesn't seem to agree.
Tom doesn't seem to appreciate what we've done for him.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be a student here.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to get started today.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to make up his mind.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be afraid.
Tom doesn't seem to be amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem to be an easy-going person.
Tom doesn't seem to be as active as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as adventurous as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as afraid as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ambitious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ambitious as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as amused by what's going on as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as angry as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as annoyed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as anxious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as arrogant as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as artistic as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as assertive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as attentive in class as the other students.
Tom doesn't seem to be as awkward as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as I am.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bored as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as brave as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bright as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as bright as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as busy as he usually is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as calm as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as careless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as charismatic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as claustrophobic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as claustrophobic as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as committed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as compassionate as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as competent as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as competitive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conceited as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as concerned as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confident as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confused as I am.
Tom doesn't seem to be as confused as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conscientious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as conservative as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as considerate as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as courageous as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as crazy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as creative as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as creepy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as curious as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as curious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as cynical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as decisive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as decisive as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as dependable as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as depressed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as deranged as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as desperate as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as desperate to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as determined as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as determined to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as devious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as diligent as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as direct as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as disappointed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as disorganized as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as drunk as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as embarrassed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as enthusiastic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as excited as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as excited as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as exhausted as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fanatical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fearless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as finicky as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as flexible as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as focused as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as forgetful as he used to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as frantic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as friendly as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as fussy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as glad that that's going to happen as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as glad that's going to happen as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as greedy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as gullible as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as happy as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as happy as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as headstrong as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as healthy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as hesitant to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as homesick as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as imaginative as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as immature as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impatient as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as important as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impressed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as impulsive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as indecisive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as inflexible as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as influential as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as infuriated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intelligent as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as interested in doing that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as introverted as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as involved as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as involved as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as irresponsible as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as irritated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as lazy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as lucky as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as mad as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as materialistic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as materialistic as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as methodical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as miserable as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as motivated to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as naive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as needy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nervous as Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nervous as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as nosy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as observant as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as observant as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obsessive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obsessive as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as obstinate as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as old as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as optimistic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as organized as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as outgoing as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as overweight as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as pale as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as particular as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as particular as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as passionate about that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as patient as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as patient as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as persistent as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as persuasive as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as pessimistic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as philosophical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as philosophical as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as picky as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as popular as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as popular as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as prejudiced as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as prepared as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as productive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as puzzled as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as radical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ready as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as reckless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as relaxed as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as reluctant to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resilient as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resourceful as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as resourceful as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as restless as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as rich as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as romantic as Mary's last boyfriend was.
Tom doesn't seem to be as ruthless as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sad as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as scared as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as secretive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as self-conscious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sensitive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as serious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sharp as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as shy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sincere as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as skeptical as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sleepy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as slow as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as smart as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sophisticated as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as strong as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stubborn as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stupid as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as stupid as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as successful as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as successful as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as suspicious as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as sympathetic as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talented as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talented as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talkative as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tall as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as temperamental as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tempted to do that as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tense as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as terrified as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as thoughtful as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as thrilled as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tired as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as tolerant as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as troubled as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as trustworthy as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as trustworthy as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as undependable as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as unlucky as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as upset as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as weird as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as wise as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be as worried as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as young as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be as young as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of all the problems he's causing.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problems.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary did.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he has to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what's happening.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary did that.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be babbling.
Tom doesn't seem to be breathing.
Tom doesn't seem to be busy today.
Tom doesn't seem to be busy.
Tom doesn't seem to be celebrating.
Tom doesn't seem to be comfortable.
Tom doesn't seem to be concentrating.
Tom doesn't seem to be concerned about anything.
Tom doesn't seem to be concerned.
Tom doesn't seem to be contributing.
Tom doesn't seem to be curious.
Tom doesn't seem to be desperate to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing a very good job.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing anything right now.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing that very well.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to be doing.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what he's supposed to.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing what we asked him to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be drowning.
Tom doesn't seem to be drunk.
Tom doesn't seem to be eager to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself very much.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying himself.
Tom doesn't seem to be enjoying the party.
Tom doesn't seem to be exhausted.
Tom doesn't seem to be growing old.
Tom doesn't seem to be happy.
Tom doesn't seem to be having any problems.
Tom doesn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary seems to be having.
Tom doesn't seem to be having as much fun as Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be having fun.
Tom doesn't seem to be having much fun.
Tom doesn't seem to be having such a good time.
Tom doesn't seem to be heading in the right direction.
Tom doesn't seem to be healthy.
Tom doesn't seem to be heartbroken.
Tom doesn't seem to be here today.
Tom doesn't seem to be here.
Tom doesn't seem to be himself these days.
Tom doesn't seem to be hungry.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a good mood.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a hurry to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a hurry to get home.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a hurry.
Tom doesn't seem to be in a rush.
Tom doesn't seem to be in any pain at all.
Tom doesn't seem to be in his office.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in doing anything.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in going anywhere.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in making friends.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in politics.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in sport.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in sports.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in that.
Tom doesn't seem to be irritated.
Tom doesn't seem to be leaving.
Tom doesn't seem to be making much progress.
Tom doesn't seem to be miserable.
Tom doesn't seem to be much happier.
Tom doesn't seem to be nervous.
Tom doesn't seem to be paying attention.
Tom doesn't seem to be playing with a full deck.
Tom doesn't seem to be relaxed.
Tom doesn't seem to be reluctant to do that for us.
Tom doesn't seem to be responding to the treatment.
Tom doesn't seem to be retired yet.
Tom doesn't seem to be shocked.
Tom doesn't seem to be stoned.
Tom doesn't seem to be terrified.
Tom doesn't seem to be the one most likely to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be too worried.
Tom doesn't seem to be trying very hard.
Tom doesn't seem to be uncertain.
Tom doesn't seem to be unhappy today.
Tom doesn't seem to be unhappy.
Tom doesn't seem to be unwilling to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be upset.
Tom doesn't seem to be used to doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to be very angry.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy today.
Tom doesn't seem to be very busy.
Tom doesn't seem to be very concerned.
Tom doesn't seem to be very confident in his French ability.
Tom doesn't seem to be very friendly.
Tom doesn't seem to be very happy here.
Tom doesn't seem to be very happy.
Tom doesn't seem to be very hungry.
Tom doesn't seem to be very intelligent.
Tom doesn't seem to be very interested in school.
Tom doesn't seem to be very interested.
Tom doesn't seem to be very nice.
Tom doesn't seem to be very relaxed.
Tom doesn't seem to be very sleepy.
Tom doesn't seem to be very sure of himself.
Tom doesn't seem to be very tired.
Tom doesn't seem to be very upset.
Tom doesn't seem to be wealthy.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to accept advice from native speakers who try to help him with his translations.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to accept the bribe we're offering him.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to change.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to compromise.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to correct his mistakes.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that for us.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to even consider the possibility he's wrong.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to even consider the possibility that he's wrong.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to go to the supermarket for his mother.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to listen to anything Mary says.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to spend the time it takes to do a job well.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to tackle the problem.
Tom doesn't seem to care about anything else.
Tom doesn't seem to care about anything.
Tom doesn't seem to care about that.
Tom doesn't seem to care about what might happen.
Tom doesn't seem to care anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to care at all.
Tom doesn't seem to care one way or the other.
Tom doesn't seem to care very much whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't seem to care what happens.
Tom doesn't seem to care what's going to happen.
Tom doesn't seem to care whether Mary does that or not.
Tom doesn't seem to care whether that happens or not.
Tom doesn't seem to care whether we do that or not.
Tom doesn't seem to care.
Tom doesn't seem to do anything.
Tom doesn't seem to do that any more.
Tom doesn't seem to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to do that as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't seem to do that as often as Mary does.
Tom doesn't seem to eat much.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy being here.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy reading comic books.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy speaking French.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy studying French.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy teaching French.
Tom doesn't seem to ever think about Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to find that annoying.
Tom doesn't seem to get along well with anyone.
Tom doesn't seem to get it.
Tom doesn't seem to go swimming anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to have a cold.
Tom doesn't seem to have a lot of friends.
Tom doesn't seem to have any luck at all.
Tom doesn't seem to have any self-confidence.
Tom doesn't seem to have anything else to say.
Tom doesn't seem to have been injured badly.
Tom doesn't seem to have changed.
Tom doesn't seem to have decided yet whether he'll do that or not.
Tom doesn't seem to have everything sorted out.
Tom doesn't seem to have figured it out.
Tom doesn't seem to have heard Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to have made any enemies.
Tom doesn't seem to have much of anything.
Tom doesn't seem to have noticed.
Tom doesn't seem to have the energy to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to have the guts to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to have very many friends.
Tom doesn't seem to hear so well.
Tom doesn't seem to hear us.
Tom doesn't seem to know French.
Tom doesn't seem to know Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to know a lot about Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to know a lot about Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to know about what happened.
Tom doesn't seem to know anything about that.
Tom doesn't seem to know how to do anything on his own.
Tom doesn't seem to know how to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Australia.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to know much about Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to know the answer.
Tom doesn't seem to know very much about us.
Tom doesn't seem to know very much about what happened.
Tom doesn't seem to know very much.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary did.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary has done.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary has to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary is doing.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary needs to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary needs.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he has to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he should do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he wants.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Tom doesn't seem to know what he's talking about.
Tom doesn't seem to know what to do.
Tom doesn't seem to know what's going to happen.
Tom doesn't seem to know what's in that room.
Tom doesn't seem to know where Mary is.
Tom doesn't seem to know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't seem to know where Mary works.
Tom doesn't seem to know who did that.
Tom doesn't seem to know who we are.
Tom doesn't seem to like Mary's family.
Tom doesn't seem to like Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to like anybody here.
Tom doesn't seem to like anything.
Tom doesn't seem to like doing that.
Tom doesn't seem to like himself very much.
Tom doesn't seem to like it here very much.
Tom doesn't seem to like it here.
Tom doesn't seem to like it in Australia.
Tom doesn't seem to like it in Boston.
Tom doesn't seem to like it very much.
Tom doesn't seem to like it.
Tom doesn't seem to like me.
Tom doesn't seem to like playing baseball.
Tom doesn't seem to like playing chess.
Tom doesn't seem to like spinach.
Tom doesn't seem to like us much.
Tom doesn't seem to like you much.
Tom doesn't seem to like you very much.
Tom doesn't seem to mind that his daughter is dating John.
Tom doesn't seem to mind.
Tom doesn't seem to need much assistance now.
Tom doesn't seem to pay attention to details as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't seem to recognize Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to remember me.
Tom doesn't seem to remember.
Tom doesn't seem to share that view.
Tom doesn't seem to smile anymore.
Tom doesn't seem to think he needs to go to the hospital.
Tom doesn't seem to think so.
Tom doesn't seem to think we're in any danger.
Tom doesn't seem to trust anybody.
Tom doesn't seem to trust anyone.
Tom doesn't seem to understand French.
Tom doesn't seem to understand any French.
Tom doesn't seem to understand anything.
Tom doesn't seem to understand me.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what he's supposed to do.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what we meant.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what we're saying.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's going on here.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's happened.
Tom doesn't seem to understand what's happening.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he has to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he isn't supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he needs to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he ought to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he should do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he's supposed to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why people don't like him.
Tom doesn't seem to understand.
Tom doesn't seem to want our help.
Tom doesn't seem to want that as badly as I do.
Tom doesn't seem to want to answer this question.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be doing this.
Tom doesn't seem to want to be here.
Tom doesn't seem to want to come with us.
Tom doesn't seem to want to do anything.
Tom doesn't seem to want to do much of anything.
Tom doesn't seem to want to do that again.
Tom doesn't seem to want to do that.
Tom doesn't seem to want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesn't seem to want to go with us.
Tom doesn't seem to want to have anything to do with me.
Tom doesn't seem to want to study today.
Tom doesn't seem to want to tell me what happened.
Tom doesn't seem to want to win.
Tom doesn't seem too busy.
Tom doesn't seem too convinced.
Tom doesn't seem too enthusiastic.
Tom doesn't seem too happy to see us.
Tom doesn't seem too happy, does he?
Tom doesn't seem too happy.
Tom doesn't seem too sure.
Tom doesn't seem too surprised.
Tom doesn't seem too willing to answer questions.
Tom doesn't seem too worried.
Tom doesn't seem unhappy.
Tom doesn't seem upset.
Tom doesn't seem very busy.
Tom doesn't seem very concerned about that problem.
Tom doesn't seem very concerned.
Tom doesn't seem very confident.
Tom doesn't seem very excited.
Tom doesn't seem very focused.
Tom doesn't seem very focussed at the moment.
Tom doesn't seem very happy today.
Tom doesn't seem very happy.
Tom doesn't seem very hungry.
Tom doesn't seem very impressed.
Tom doesn't seem very interested.
Tom doesn't seem very motivated to learn French.
Tom doesn't seem very pleased.
Tom doesn't seem very polite.
Tom doesn't seem very satisfied.
Tom doesn't seem very sleepy.
Tom doesn't seem very smart.
Tom doesn't seem very strong.
Tom doesn't seem very sure.
Tom doesn't seem very surprised.
Tom doesn't seem very tired.
Tom doesn't seem wealthy.
Tom doesn't seem willing to compromise.
Tom doesn't seem willing to do that.
Tom doesn't sell stuff like that.
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.
Tom doesn't share his food with anyone.
Tom doesn't share his food.
Tom doesn't share your enthusiasm.
Tom doesn't shave every day.
Tom doesn't shave very often.
Tom doesn't shave yet.
Tom doesn't shave.
Tom doesn't show his feelings.
Tom doesn't shy away from leadership positions.
Tom doesn't sing any more.
Tom doesn't sing anymore.
Tom doesn't sing so much anymore.
Tom doesn't sing very well.
Tom doesn't sing well.
Tom doesn't sing.
Tom doesn't sit in the front of the classroom anymore.
Tom doesn't skate as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't skate as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't skate.
Tom doesn't ski, does he?
Tom doesn't ski.
Tom doesn't sleep a lot.
Tom doesn't sleep as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't sleep here.
Tom doesn't sleep in a coffin like most vampires.
Tom doesn't sleep in class every day, but he does quite often.
Tom doesn't sleep in class every day, but he quite often does.
Tom doesn't sleep much anymore.
Tom doesn't sleep much.
Tom doesn't smile anymore.
Tom doesn't smile as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't smile as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't smile as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't smile at me anymore.
Tom doesn't smile much, but he does smile sometimes.
Tom doesn't smile much, but he does sometimes.
Tom doesn't smile often.
Tom doesn't smile so much anymore.
Tom doesn't smile very much.
Tom doesn't smile very often.
Tom doesn't smile.
Tom doesn't smoke and has never smoked.
Tom doesn't smoke and he never has.
Tom doesn't smoke any more.
Tom doesn't smoke anymore.
Tom doesn't smoke as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't smoke at home.
Tom doesn't smoke cigarettes.
Tom doesn't smoke grass.
Tom doesn't smoke in his house because his wife won't let him.
Tom doesn't smoke marijuana.
Tom doesn't smoke or drink.
Tom doesn't smoke pot.
Tom doesn't smoke weed.
Tom doesn't smoke, does he?
Tom doesn't smoke.
Tom doesn't snore as loudly as he used to.
Tom doesn't snore.
Tom doesn't sound convinced.
Tom doesn't sound happy about that.
Tom doesn't sound happy.
Tom doesn't sound like a native French speaker.
Tom doesn't sound like a native speaker.
Tom doesn't sound optimistic.
Tom doesn't sound scared.
Tom doesn't sound so sure of himself.
Tom doesn't sound too sure.
Tom doesn't sound very confident.
Tom doesn't sound very optimistic.
Tom doesn't speak Bangla.
Tom doesn't speak Bengali.
Tom doesn't speak English at all.
Tom doesn't speak English.
Tom doesn't speak French all that well.
Tom doesn't speak French and I don't either.
Tom doesn't speak French and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't speak French anymore.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as Mary.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you do.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as I thought he could.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as I thought he did.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as he speaks English.
Tom doesn't speak French at all.
Tom doesn't speak French at home.
Tom doesn't speak French at work.
Tom doesn't speak French either.
Tom doesn't speak French every day.
Tom doesn't speak French fluently.
Tom doesn't speak French much better than I do.
Tom doesn't speak French much.
Tom doesn't speak French or English.
Tom doesn't speak French properly.
Tom doesn't speak French very well.
Tom doesn't speak French well and I don't either.
Tom doesn't speak French well enough to do that job.
Tom doesn't speak French well.
Tom doesn't speak French, and neither do I.
Tom doesn't speak French, and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't speak French, but Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak French, but his parents do.
Tom doesn't speak French, does he?
Tom doesn't speak French, even though his parents do.
Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom doesn't speak Spanish.
Tom doesn't speak a word of French.
Tom doesn't speak any French at all.
Tom doesn't speak any French.
Tom doesn't speak any foreign languages.
Tom doesn't speak either French or English.
Tom doesn't speak for everyone.
Tom doesn't speak good French.
Tom doesn't speak much French.
Tom doesn't speak much, but when he does, everybody listens.
Tom doesn't speak much.
Tom doesn't speak my language.
Tom doesn't speak to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't speak to Mary very often.
Tom doesn't speak to Mary.
Tom doesn't speak to me any more.
Tom doesn't speak to me anymore.
Tom doesn't speak to me.
Tom doesn't speak unless he's spoken to.
Tom doesn't speak unless spoken to.
Tom doesn't speak.
Tom doesn't spend a lot of time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't spend as much time studying French as Mary does.
Tom doesn't spend enough time studying.
Tom doesn't spend enough time with his children.
Tom doesn't spend his money on frivolous things.
Tom doesn't spend money on that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't spend much time in Australia.
Tom doesn't spend much time in Boston.
Tom doesn't spend much time studying.
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't spend much time with Mary.
Tom doesn't stammer anymore.
Tom doesn't stand a chance of winning.
Tom doesn't stand a chance.
Tom doesn't stay anywhere very long.
Tom doesn't stay on topic.
Tom doesn't still believe that, does he?
Tom doesn't still do that, does he?
Tom doesn't still do that.
Tom doesn't still have to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't still have to do that.
Tom doesn't still need to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't still need to do that.
Tom doesn't still want to do that, does he?
Tom doesn't still want to do that.
Tom doesn't struggle like this.
Tom doesn't study French a lot.
Tom doesn't study French anymore.
Tom doesn't study French every day.
Tom doesn't study French here.
Tom doesn't study French much.
Tom doesn't study French.
Tom doesn't study a lot.
Tom doesn't study as hard as Mary does.
Tom doesn't study as hard as he should.
Tom doesn't study as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't study as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't study as much as Mary.
Tom doesn't study as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't study enough.
Tom doesn't study hard enough.
Tom doesn't study much, but he still does very well at school.
Tom doesn't study much.
Tom doesn't study on Mondays.
Tom doesn't study on Sundays.
Tom doesn't suit her.
Tom doesn't support that idea.
Tom doesn't suspect a thing.
Tom doesn't swim anymore.
Tom doesn't swim as much as Mary does.
Tom doesn't swim as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't swim as often as Mary does.
Tom doesn't swim as often as he used to.
Tom doesn't swim as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't swim as well as Mary.
Tom doesn't swim as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't swim at night.
Tom doesn't swim so much anymore.
Tom doesn't swim very well, does he?
Tom doesn't swim very well.
Tom doesn't swim, but he likes sitting by the pool watching his children swim.
Tom doesn't swim.
Tom doesn't take French lessons anymore.
Tom doesn't take Mary seriously.
Tom doesn't take a bath every day.
Tom doesn't take a walk every morning before breakfast anymore, but he still does several times a week.
Tom doesn't take anything for granted anymore.
Tom doesn't take anything for granted.
Tom doesn't take criticism well.
Tom doesn't take himself seriously.
Tom doesn't take his job very seriously.
Tom doesn't take his studies seriously.
Tom doesn't take rejection very well.
Tom doesn't take the bus to school anymore.
Tom doesn't take things seriously.
Tom doesn't take vacations very often.
Tom doesn't take vacations.
Tom doesn't take very good care of himself.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his children.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his dog.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his tools.
Tom doesn't talk a great deal.
Tom doesn't talk a lot.
Tom doesn't talk about Mary.
Tom doesn't talk about it anymore.
Tom doesn't talk about that anymore.
Tom doesn't talk at meetings.
Tom doesn't talk back to anybody.
Tom doesn't talk back to anyone.
Tom doesn't talk much about his family.
Tom doesn't talk much about when he was young.
Tom doesn't talk much anymore.
Tom doesn't talk much, does he?
Tom doesn't talk much.
Tom doesn't talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't talk to Mary at all.
Tom doesn't talk to Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't talk to Mary.
Tom doesn't talk to anyone.
Tom doesn't talk to his neighbors.
Tom doesn't talk to me about anything anymore.
Tom doesn't talk to me anymore.
Tom doesn't talk to us anymore.
Tom doesn't talk very much.
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
Tom doesn't talk.
Tom doesn't tan. He burns.
Tom doesn't tan. He just burns.
Tom doesn't teach French anymore.
Tom doesn't teach French here.
Tom doesn't teach any more.
Tom doesn't teach anymore.
Tom doesn't teach here anymore.
Tom doesn't tell a lot of lies, but the ones he tells are huge.
Tom doesn't tell a lot of lies.
Tom doesn't tell jokes.
Tom doesn't tell lies.
Tom doesn't tell me anything.
Tom doesn't tell stories very well.
Tom doesn't tell us jokes very often.
Tom doesn't tend to get emotional.
Tom doesn't think I can do it, does he?
Tom doesn't think I can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't think I can do that.
Tom doesn't think I can do this.
Tom doesn't think I can swim, does he?
Tom doesn't think I can swim.
Tom doesn't think I can win.
Tom doesn't think I could do that.
Tom doesn't think I could ever do that.
Tom doesn't think I did it, does he?
Tom doesn't think I did that, does he?
Tom doesn't think I have enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't think I have to do that.
Tom doesn't think I know what to do.
Tom doesn't think I need to do that.
Tom doesn't think I ought to do that.
Tom doesn't think I really have to do that.
Tom doesn't think I really need to do that.
Tom doesn't think I should do that.
Tom doesn't think I would do that.
Tom doesn't think I'd do that.
Tom doesn't think I'd enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think I'd want to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll be allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll be permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll do that.
Tom doesn't think I'll have the time to do that today.
Tom doesn't think I'll win.
Tom doesn't think I'm allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'm going to do that.
Tom doesn't think I'm interested in what he does.
Tom doesn't think I'm permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom doesn't think Mary can convince John to stop doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that that soon.
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that, does he?
Tom doesn't think Mary can do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can live without him.
Tom doesn't think Mary can speak French.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary can swim.
Tom doesn't think Mary can take care of herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary can understand French.
Tom doesn't think Mary can win.
Tom doesn't think Mary could do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary could ever do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that intentionally.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that right.
Tom doesn't think Mary did that, does he?
Tom doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary has a driver's license.
Tom doesn't think Mary has any intention of doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary has died yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary has done that yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary has passed away yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary intended to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is afraid.
Tom doesn't think Mary is allowed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is alone.
Tom doesn't think Mary is amused by what's going on.
Tom doesn't think Mary is angry.
Tom doesn't think Mary is annoyed.
Tom doesn't think Mary is as pretty as Alice.
Tom doesn't think Mary is at home.
Tom doesn't think Mary is attractive.
Tom doesn't think Mary is awake.
Tom doesn't think Mary is bored.
Tom doesn't think Mary is broke.
Tom doesn't think Mary is busy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is capable of doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is careful enough.
Tom doesn't think Mary is careless.
Tom doesn't think Mary is confused.
Tom doesn't think Mary is cut out to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't think Mary is depressed.
Tom doesn't think Mary is difficult to get along with.
Tom doesn't think Mary is discouraged.
Tom doesn't think Mary is doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is drunk.
Tom doesn't think Mary is embarrassed.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary is finished doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is fit for the job.
Tom doesn't think Mary is frightened.
Tom doesn't think Mary is glad that that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary is glad that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to be able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to want to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is going to win.
Tom doesn't think Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is hungry.
Tom doesn't think Mary is in Australia.
Tom doesn't think Mary is in Boston.
Tom doesn't think Mary is in.
Tom doesn't think Mary is innocent.
Tom doesn't think Mary is interested in doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is jealous.
Tom doesn't think Mary is lonely.
Tom doesn't think Mary is mad.
Tom doesn't think Mary is motivated to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is nervous.
Tom doesn't think Mary is permitted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is ready.
Tom doesn't think Mary is reluctant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is retired yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary is right.
Tom doesn't think Mary is saying what she really thinks.
Tom doesn't think Mary is scared.
Tom doesn't think Mary is shy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is sleepy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is slow.
Tom doesn't think Mary is suspicious.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who would do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is the kind of person who'd do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is through doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is tired.
Tom doesn't think Mary is upset.
Tom doesn't think Mary is very smart.
Tom doesn't think Mary is worried.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows it was him who did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows that it was him who did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom doesn't think Mary knows what to do.
Tom doesn't think Mary lied.
Tom doesn't think Mary lies to him, but I know she does.
Tom doesn't think Mary likes doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary likes to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary looks like her mother.
Tom doesn't think Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesn't think Mary meant to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really could do that, does he?
Tom doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
